Spider-Man is, in my opinion, the best superhero at all, and this game is the best superhero at all. While it may be a bit easy, you have to play it a few times to get all the costumes and covers of the comic book, which makes it easy to get into the game. You may find it difficult to control initially, but once you get to the point, you will have web-slinging like Spider-Man alone. <br /> <br /> Chiefs, while levels are somewhat easy, are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so because comic fans know that Scorpion is one of the worst villains of Spider-Man. The other boss, Rhino, is also very simple. The third boss is Venom, who, in my opinion, is the strongest boss in the game, which is definitely not supposed to be. The fourth boss is again Venom. This time, it's a little more difficult to beat, but it's still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who, in my opinion, is the best boss in the fight in the game. He is also one of the harder bosses, but again, still relatively easy. Another boss is Carnage, who he is, you guessed it, easily defeat. But Carnage is actually a bit of fun to fight. The 7th boss is Dr. Octopus, who is as easy as all other bosses, but he is not as easy as the others because he has a shield. 8. and the last boss is exclusive in the game, never in a comic book or cartoon series. It will not spoil you for those of you who have not played the game but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too easy. I got four or five attempts to defeat, while the other I defeated in the first or second attempts. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very good game. I gave him 8 out of 10. The reasons why I did not give him 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and envelopes of the comics, it gets boring (getting all these things will take a while) is not too accurate according to comics or cartoons , the bosses are too easy to use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as the boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air! They did not even use them to continue this game! No Green Goblin is a villain in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so let's hope he creates a movie based on the movie.
