Jacknife is a war movie that is almost as far away from war as war films. Hardly it can be classified as a war movie because the only way any war has any effect on the story or the characters is in their memories of it, and this is almost impossible to show. It presents very interesting questions about life, especially in the sense that only one is really alive (and by the way, although the relationship only affects Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) speaks of all three characters in film). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip they planned much longer than you could guess. <br /> <br /> DeNiro delivers the perfect performance of the Megs character, which we are not quite sure if we want it, or if it really was nutshell like Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds several times Martha that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. There's a great scene early in the movie where Megs went out to grab six beer packs of his car for breakfast, and he's just around the corner of the room when Dave says it. Megs pauses for a moment and then goes into the room with a smile and a huge greeting. Only then will you realize how Megs had to feel when he heard it when he remembered what they were planning to do on that day. It reminds me of the fact of the old, "Sure, let's do it" what people so often say to each other and they never intend to do such a thing. Ed Harris delivers great performance as Dave, who never got over the effects of war on him. Even so many years later, during the war, a friend did not overcome the death, blaming himself on that day, and he drowned his life with alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants to say is that people let him alone. It is not the man who lived his life the way he wants, whether he actually leaves it alone or not, it is a man who tries to forget that he is alive to get as close as possible to the living world. br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old and both behave as if they still lived with their mothers and expected their confusion to simply disappear when they left the room for a while. One at a particular (older, sad) has absolutely no idea how to look after myself, I am surprised that I do not have to wipe my chin while he does. Martha must do the same for her brother, who is waiting for her arm and leg while she is experiencing life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are in a stagnant life, and none of them can get out of it until something changes, and Dave is the one who needs to change. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to complain about romance in movies where it just does not belong, just like Roger Ebert complains about those poor little power devices, red digital readings. But in this case, I do not think the romance that develops between Megs and Martha has had an adverse effect on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it was much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with romantic subplots in Bruckheimer movies and what is not that they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end of the arrival and hope that something interesting will happen on the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha, because we do not know enough about the Mega. Martha might be right about him, he's one of Dave's crazy war friends, and she's not the man she should go with. Dave certainly supports this idea. (Spoilers) A few years after this film DeNiro made Cape Fear where he played a frantic criminals to avenge a lawyer who landed him in jail. , in a retrospect perspective, it is quite easy to think that at the end Jacknife realizes that Martha is failing to get rid of Megs and she and Dave are exchanging because she saved her from a terrible relationship and then decided to clean up her act because she did something good for her. I expected it to be half, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs joined together, and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave's questions about what had ended after the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's a slow dramatic track, but Jacknife's on the way is fun and at the end has a huge payoff that surprisingly makes it easy to care for without being cheesy. At the end of the film, he is almost exaggerated by the emotions that he barely adapts to the rest of the film, but he is so good he is not stupid to what the film has achieved up to this point. Everyone involved is a great performer, and it's one of those precious movies that drives you to stand up and fist victorily in the air.
