The combination of reading the Novel and viewing this film inspired my wife and me to a new level. I have recently been thinking about Thomas Kinkade's claims in one of his inspirational books; He says, "You and I were not meant to breathe the dirty air for five hours of operation." I do not even think that God meant banal TV shows, media hype, worthless purchases, and pollution of the soul in creating space. did not see "the river passes," but after considering Kinkade's statement, something attracted me to look at the film with a spiritual view. I watched it and saw a whole new world in the film and inspired me to read a book (it must read). In Southern California, I was always frustrated, but somehow I got into my materialistic society. The film really reflects on how we really should experience God's creation. The combination of the Macleans story and my desire to return to the northwest led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to manage the countryside, to go with me, to hunt the horses for nothing but the open countryside and the peaceful lakes that lie on the mountainside. A place where you rarely fear crime. I'm looking around SoCal and all I see is shopping malls, crowds of people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on overcrowded motorways, gangs, racial turbulence on the verge of a violent explosion, and all skeptical about every other purpose. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is very inspirational with brilliant acting and a deep story about the fragile connections of the loved ones. There's a lot of deep thinking in this movie. Scenery is worth seeing itself and actually helps relieve tension. You should soothe and soothe the film. He chooses a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand cinema art and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles, etc. This movie is probably not for a crowd who thinks "Fast and Furious" is the biggest movie. It was fun, but shallow. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This movie helps you realize that life is not about how much money you have or what you have. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends, and about the experiences you share. QUALITY NOT CURRENT
