"Italian" is one of the large or almost large 1915 films available today. The year was the turning point of a feature film, especially in America: "Hypocrites" Lois Weber, "Cheat" Cecil B. DeMille and of course D.W. Griffith's "Birth of the Nation" set new standards for art. Moreover, this year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer created two of his best films - "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French show Les Vampires also has its admirers, though I disagree with them. The emergence of a feature film was led by Europe, especially Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, to a certain extent, art moved across the Atlantic in 1915. The most important artistic success of the "Italian" is stunning and often innovative cinematography. There are some scenic sunsets, mobile framing, including a short overhead shot of Italian races to buy a wedding ring and another shot of it to hold on to a moving car, and in general, there is wise use of multiple camera angles and expert lighting throughout. A particularly stunning shot is close to the fact that Italy was furious as it slowly approached the camera for extreme close-ups. Griffith's "Pussy Musketeers" (1912). He is so enraged that his environment will even start to shake with his anger. Unfortunately the cameraman seems to be unknown. The director, though originally without a credit in the film, is now known to have been Reginald Barker. Five or so of his other films for Ince are also available today, but are rather insignificant. "Civilization" (1916), on which he worked, was a great production, but a deeply defective film. By the way, I assume that one or more of the various cameramen working on civilization also photographed the "Italian". In addition, the whole production is very advanced. Venice and New York are well presented despite the film filmed in Los Angeles (for romanticized Venice) and San Francisco (for ethnic slums in New York). There are extensive flashbacks, though maybe one or two too many. I especially like the clever framing of the story as a reading in the character book played by the same actor George Beban, who is also the lead in the inner, main story. Reading the story is also briefly associated with the opening at the beginning and closing at the end of curtains, into the theater, which is reflected inside the inner story during the apex of revenge in the children's room with the opening and closing of the window curtains. Parallel treatments, in-camera dissolution and iris and such are processed professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play well as his wife. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Italian 'has several disadvantages. The film's beginnings of comedy rather dissonantly break with other parts of the harsh and heavy melodrama, though the changes in the environment from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York work well, mostly because they are supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, supported by sharp photographs, had to be touched by immigrant classes that at that time contained an unreasonably large population. Corrigan's character was to be predicted more; his brief introductory campaign for another policy appears to be disproportionate for his later central role in Italian revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naive or did not care to explain the lack of breastfeeding and unjustified belief in the healing power of silence for the other child. In addition to land shortages, "Italian" is extremely well done.
