Did you see The Graduate? He was popular as a film of his generation. But the river passes through It's a story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's temper came to the trap of a modern suburban, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same distressing pressures as they grew up trying to find their place in the world. But how could a place like the Montana World War I represent an American family at a time when the Wild West was not yet gone? What exactly did Maclean intervene in hitting so deeply, who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? As the film opens, Norman is an old man who floats beside the river that submerges and tries to understand the course of his life. The film is literally up the road with its own current of consciousness, against the time flow and back when it was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of the Presbyterian minister and devoted mother. Parents fit comfortably into their roles. Mom takes care of the house and home. Father does the work of the Lord. The boys are thinking about what they will when they grow up. Norma narrowed to a boxer or a minister like his dad. Because of the choice, the little Paul should be a boxer because he was told that his first choice for the flyfisherman did not exist. The boys grow up and get into trouble with their jokes, they fight for the harder and do what brothers do, all the time they go to church and participate in all other spiritual matters like flyfishing. They are in higher education at similar points in their lives. But when Norm returns from his six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Main flyfisherman. The grade of a nearby college and journalist who knows every policeman in turn and every judge on the bench. Norman is incredibly well educated for his day, but he has little idea what to do with his life, even if his father grips about what he wants to do. You will feel that at least on Pops, God will call you into the work of your life. But you must remain open and ready to accept it - all your life. The father always took the boys to bounce off the river and contemplate God's eternal words. "Listen," their father urges. It's both Zen and Quaker. Quite radical to the Stoic clergyman. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and though the Macleans are really wonderful, biblical households, how is the revolutionary Maclean family born? Paul is real perfection when fishing on the river, but he felt guilty and arguing while his family did not know how to prevent him from being liquidated where he seems to be headed. Mom, Dad, and Brother seem to have the same silence of despair that they do not know what to do and why they seem to help. Paula tells all this with a smile and irresistible charm. But the younger brother is losing his grasp. Norman begins his life on the way, looking for love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family who loves him watches helplessly. Mother, father, brother brother in his own way, who is trying to help but no one effective. How can such a family who loves each other be so poorly equipped to handle it? How can someone be so inventive and full of grace when in God's nature, yet is there any inadequate or reluctant to fit into the constructions of society that God's people have made for themselves? That's all the questions Norman will think about all his life. Eternal words under the smooth stones of the river forever chase him, but keep their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is definitely God's country and the film has won the Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with a story from a book and somewhat meditates on the narrative to watch the emotional pattern he is presenting and works well. But go back and read the book. You will see that Norman has joined his old man deeper than the film can imply - and you will see the places where the words are spoken and sing directly on the page with the enthusiasm of the river, to the unknown.
