This is really a great movie. Sumitra Bhave has always been a sensible cinema, and that's my favorite movie. This movie was supposed to win the National Prize and it would be my choice to represent India at the Oscars. It's at least a thousand times better than "Shaaws," which is preparing for Oscars this year from India. It's so much a shame that information about this (and all other Indian movies) on IMDb is missing and sometimes even wrong. Sadashiv Amrapurkar played a very important character in this film and does not count on this site. The rest of the bed and the crew are not mentioned at all. Awards and nominations for this film are not given even when Sonali Kulkarni won the Indian National Prize for this film. There was not a single vote for Doghi. <br /> <br /> "Doghi" is not a Hindi movie. It's Marathi and, unfortunately, escapes the song and the dance sequence, it does not fit into the glamorous, magical and semi-finished designer items. It is a real life, a soulful story that is done with rare comprehension and respect. Doghi, roughly translated as "two women", is the story of two sisters Gauri and Krsna. It's a very simple story, Sumitra Bhave does not threaten many sub-scenes, making it a very difficult film. The entire movie is located in an undiscovered remote village in Maharashtra, and the screen seldom drives away from the house of two female protagonists. No aesthetic sunsets in this. <br /> <br /> The film opens and we introduce the entire house that is preparing for Gauri's wedding. Gauri and Krsna's father are a hard-working farmer, the house is full and happy; in their simple life there is nothing they want. However, on the eve of the wedding, Gauri's husband encounters a fatal accident. Gauri's father can not bear tragic news and suffers from a major stroke. Without a strong, working member, the house could collapse, but Gauri's mother bears responsibility. It works as and when, but it can not meet its goals. Her life is even easier than Gauri. The rumors that people try to forget make Gauri's luck. She is expelled from society. Gauri's mother writes to her brother. Desperately for help, he accepts his proposal. He will release Gauri to Mumbai, where he is destined to work in the brides. Gauri will send home the money he earns and their conditions improve. Gauri gives his life for the life of his family. However, when Gauri returns home to the Krsna wedding, her mother does not meet her. He will not allow Krsna near her and will not allow Gauri to the guests. He loves Gauri, but fears of Kṛṣṇa's life. Gauri breaks down and she decides to return to her unhappy life. But Kṛṣṇa runs out and holds Gauri. He wants your beloved sister to come back. Krsna promises to stand by her. Are they promising to face the world? together. <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie. Everything is necessary and sufficient. Gauri goes to Bombay, but what he does is never said? delicate dialogues tell us what we need to know. It's just a plain story that is deep in its simplicity. <br /> <br /> "Doghi" is the responsible cinema. It's the respect of the subject he's dealing with. Is it respect for your audience? they do not think they have the mental abilities of a four-year-old. <br /> <br /> Negotiations are the first. Direction is amazing? silence transmits the story in the way, no words could have. The screenplay is well researched. Anyone who appreciates the good cinema will love "Doghi".
