I read a short story from Norman Maclean and the films were fairly written by Norman Maclean. My husband tends to read it occasionally, and I read it myself and the scenes from the film do not come to my mind. We have video footage from many Redford movies and we've been watching the "river crossing" many times. Redford is part of the "famedily" because it is still nearby. We are never tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean's writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me very much of my own upbringing because my father had the same calls as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "the river is going through it", "Methodists are Baptists who can read," which is a way that is by no means a story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I read the Baptists well! I heard a film critic that the pace of this movie is too slow. I do not agree. As a single search for inner peace, it's the type of film that thinks about the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. Photography is excellent! Acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul talked like boys and wondered if he could become a fisherman or a boxer! Then as an adult Paul played Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is a "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but he will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as a bait, needed help, but did not admit to needing help. A scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal, and the whole family has to wait for eternity to say grace! Finally, after hours, everyone kneels around the table and says, "Grace!" and they all left. But the oat flakes remained on the plate! The scene where both love birds and their tattoos on their posteriori! That's funny! Sunburn! Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd), Jensie Burns decided to go by train! A beautiful dialogue when Norman suggests Jessie because she wants to come to Chicago with him! Redford himself does a great job as a narrator. I could not stop coping with Brad and young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated director, producer, actor is a visionary who deserves appreciation for his progress not only in the US cinema but also around the world. I'm glad I live at nineteen because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technologies and special effects to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because I had the opportunity to see his works. Redford does not need any special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river to me means a line that separates life from death, memories, and reality. Redford shows the Creator's hands so magnificently, and the river flows.
