Do you remember Ralph Bakshi? The guy who was an animator at Terrytoons, then at Paramount Cartoon Studios, then was the director of Fritz Cat 1 & 2 and Heavy Traffic? This is Coonskin. And it's pretty good. Rasi, but good. The film takes place at Harlem Nights (no, rainbow, it was a working name.) But with a twist that will become Disney's lamp, Song of the South. It is about Sampson (Barry White) and Preacherman (Charles Gordone) to help their friend Randy (Philip Michael Thomas) escape from prison, but they are stopped by a roadblock and end up in a firefight with the police. While waiting for them, Randy listens to colleague Escape Pappy (Scatman Crothers) reluctantly as he begins to tell Randy the story of "three boys as I know it, just like you and your friends." The Pappy Story is narrated in an animation set up against live-action photographic shots and shots. Brother the rabbit (voice of Thomas), Bear Bear (voice of white), and preacher Fox (Gordone's voice) decide to wrap and leave their setting on the south side after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a person who turns into a brothel. Arriving in Harlem, Kralik, Bear and Fox will find that it's not all that's going on. They meet a controversy called Simple Savior, a false revolutionary leader who claims to be "the cousin of" the Black Jesus, and that he gives his followers "the power to kill the white." In a scenic performance in his "Church," the Savior behaves brutally with the symbols of black oppression, represented by John Wayne, Elvis Presley, and Richard Nixon, before asking his parishioners for "gifts." <br /> <Rabbit first appeared against Madigan, a virulently racist and homophobic white policeman, and a mafia bag that in a different way expresses his contempt for African Americans, including refusing to bathe before expecting a meeting with them, believes it is not worth it. When Madigan finds out that Rabbit has his rewards, he and his cohorts, Ruby and Bobby, are led to a nightclub named "The Cottontail." The black stripper takes him away while the LSD sugar cube is released into his drink. Madigan, under the influence of his spiky beverage, is then maneuvered into sexual contact with a stereotypically effeminate homosexual man and then put in the clothes that the women represented a racist archetype, adorned something racist, and eventually pulled their back in the club to discover that Ruby Bobby's dead. Then, when he recovers from his delirium that he is a drug, he shoots the gun accidentally and is shot by the police after shooting one of them. Rabbit, Bear, Fox and the boxing boxer will leave the boxing arena as it explodes. The live story ends when Randy and Pappy escape while they are shot by different white cops, but they manage to make them alive. This film was released at the moment and was repeatedly named "Street Fight" by the director, because Street Fight is a documentary on racism in the streets in 2005. In fact, this film has the same subject as the documentary. <br /> <br /> This made Bryanston Pictures, the distributor of this film and the original classical Tobe Hopper, Massachusetts on the string of Texas, stepping out of work. Because Paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film, but because of racism, Bryanston took Bakshi's production. Despite the tribulations, it was fun. The animation was amazing at the time, the conspiracy makes sense, and it's also fun. <br /> <br /> FINAL VERDIKA: 9/10
