Dane Youssef <br /> <br /> "Coonskin" is the film, the only and only Ralph Bakshi, is reportedly a satirical accusation of blaxploitation films and negative black stereotypes as well as a look at black life in modern America (modern day, I think - 1975) . Paramount dropped it as a hot potato that burned into the flame. But this is Bakshi's film, controversial, thrilling, and must be seen almost in itself. Not just another random "shock-jock" movie that is trying to shock because of shock. It's Ralph Bakshi. Everyone who knows the name knows that if he shot the film he has something to say ... Although the roots are based on cheap blaxploitation, "Coonskin" is not just another white-spot camping knock-off film or any kind of shot. "Coonskin" wants to be more. It focuses on higher rates and fries some much larger fish. The film is not just fun in the genre. This is not just a black person accusation, but it seems to be love, beauty and heart. "Coonskin" tells the story of some convicted prisoners. The fact that it is even possible to escape from prison in the world "Coonskin" is old-fashioned. One of the prisoners tells the story of a trio of black brothers in Harlem named Brother Bear, Brother Rabbit, a preacher who wants respect and a piece of action and is willing to get it in any way. The Italian crowd is running all the real events. Great names of the star stars of the musicians: Barry White and Scatman Crothers, as well as Charles Gordone, the first black playwright to take Pulitzer home. Something big happens here, of course. The film looks like a descent into this world, on this side of the racial abyss. From an angry, deep, deep, soulful black man with hatred in his heart and hand in hand. Bakshi's films never know the meaning of "sublet." Looks like the word has never been heard. But maybe such a subject needs extremism. The true color of satire. Some items can not be solved gently. <br /> <br /> Bakshi is a ruthless god. Here no member or minority of the Harlem scene will appear. <br /> <br /> The characters here are "animated" to "real" all depending on the mood and the situation. Animated figures and human figures share the same reality and are to be taken literally. Bakshi will never show only nasty cartoons just because of the shock value. He always has something to say. Neither the black face is free. Here, unlike Spike Lee's "Bamboozled," he seems to use it to try and really say something. Like 99.9% of all Bakshi films, this includes animations and live events. Usually at once. Bakshki is not just eager here. All of these techniques are interconnected, connected, and say something. <br /> <br /> Somehow it feels inevitably dated. Many of these types of films (including Bakshi) are very up to date, very stimulating. They reflect a certain trend of the day, but after a few years they return to them, it's just an unmistakable feeling of nostalgia (just like the timeless truth). Although the music, clothing, slang, and city clearly look like photographs that belong to the time capsule, attitude, spirit and heart remain the same no matter what the f-king's ear is. Everyone who actually saw the movies, the state of affairs, and he was in the society of people, knows what I'm talking about. Some of the black figures are a bunny (junglebunny), a big ol 'bear and a fox. One of the bloodiest and most unfavorable racist figures is a dirty Harlem cop who is hot on the trail of "dirty nonsense" after the death of a cop. But it's not just a deal for him. Not even for the other brothers who wear the shield. It's just a pure sadistic racist pleasure in the wounds of blacks. The series with baptism and his lady is one of the most moving pieces in the whole movie, of which there are many. It's played as opera or ballet. <br /> <br /> Promotion line: WARNING: "This film offends everyone!" It's not just a hype. Continue with great caution. <br /> <br /> You were warned ... by Dan Youssef
