Coonskin can be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like the best of his work, he's on his face and is not ashamed of it for a moment, but unlike some of his other work (even though he's in his best that was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards) it's not too uneven despite the appearance. Of course, Bakshi accepts stereotypes and perceptions of the race, but he does what seems to be a free-time exploitative film; blaxploitation almost, although Bakshi does not stop just there. If it were just a blaxploitation animation with an inventive animation, it could be an essential feature. But Bakshi's goals are higher: to throw away these grotesque and exaggerated images of not only black people, but Italians / mafias, homosexuals, Jews, New York City in the neighborhoods of Manhattan in the 1970s, realistic. The most-looking creation in the looking "real" is actually a naked woman painted red, white and blue. In the mockery of these stereotypes and conventions and the terrible forms of racism (ie, "Dehtu" -rabbit, baby "joke, yes joke, plus black face), we look at the abstraction to a great extent, and best of all, Bakshi does not take too seriously the difference from Spike Lee to the film as Bamboozled when he delivers his message. For this reason, Coonskin is largely a merry piece of work, with some paintings, things and sudden abbreviations and, of course, scenes of clumsy behavior (I loved the scene where we talk about three animated characters in real life, a white couple in fake clothes, dress looks "colorful" and so on) are too much to laugh at. It's not just imagery that is incredibly "exceeded" but the screenplay is sharp is the key to Bakshi this time considering it has a fairly coherent story that is subject to improvisation and insanity. <br /> <br /> First use of live events, then animations and then ex (ironically, what Bakshi later used in a commercial form with Cool World is done here on T with less money and Pappy and Randy are waiting out of prison to let a friend escape, and Pappy tells the story of a rabbit brother who with Brother Bearer and Preacher Fox, they go to Harlem and become big cattle boys, with a rabbit in direct opposition to the Jabba-Hut-esquire Godfather of Character. This is, of course, a start on Song of the South with his deliberately happy-go-lucky fence and animation, divided here and shown how rotten and insulting it really is. Bakshi goes broken in a combination of forms; animated characters are behind and move with living backgrounds; when violence and shots and struggle occurs, it's as bloody as it may be before 1975; when a dirty policeman is in the bar and is a drug and puts himself in black faces and dresses, he travels in a way that even Disney could not reach with Dumbah; a boxing match with Bear Bearem and an opponent when the climax shoots in a wild, slow motion; archive recordings from time to time will show old movies, some and some of the 20's who are simply unappealing. Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or recently South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin works as the first fun and then the thought-provoking second. It's also a courageous film on an independent scale; everything from long duration to assembly and infinitely twisted character designs (all based on the theme of the work) all serve the mind in the script where his B-movie plot opens much more for interpretation. Marking that the racist is missing a point; it's like calling dr. Strangel's pro-atomic devastation or the Confederate States of America for slavery. And for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
