After finally watching the Walt Disney song in the south on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's reaction to Coonskin-on Afro Video, which I linked to Google Video. In this show, Charles Gordone, his comrade, Sampson (Barry White), is picking up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before Michael added professionally) because of the last two jailbreaks. During his attempt, Pappy Randy tells the story of his brother King (voice Thomas), brother Bear (White) and preacher Fox (Gordon) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a mix of animation and live action that provides a unique view of a writer / director who will certainly offend some people. Another fascinating animation is Miss America, which is great - as in a gigantic white blonde woman dressed in red, white and blue stars and stripes that hold onto a small black man and hold it in one of the most sexually violent ways that was shocked me. There are plenty of such scenes scattered all over the picture, of which another, which was related to the front anatomy of the bear brother, also made me big laughs. There is also a part of a woman who told her about the "cockroach" with which her friends had left her and touched the part that seemed to be the honor of comic book artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated by the hearing of Grover Washington Jr. o "Not Sun", which was heard as part of the score. The most convincing part of the picture saw Scatman himself portraying his head in a silhouette during the initial credit syllable singing and shattering the song that used the N-word in a satirical way. When I saw the videotape of this film years before, Dragon Rabbit drew in a drunken mode before it looked like Warner's circles with the slogan "This film will offend ALL". This is a good warning for anyone who thinks that all cartoons are intended for children. This means I definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and every form of animation.
