An admirable realization happens when there is a phenomenon! Either that, they explode the locks, they are witnesses to a robbery, a hurricane, which is inhumanly destroying everything in its path, or any other magnificent occurrence! In Maclean's family, however, the revele was something that was not more complicated than their everyday life. Montana at the beginning of the twentieth century was an environment that was harsh and violent ... The Macleans family consisted of four people, a father, a minister who was ideologically driven to properly raise his family. His wife was God fearful and faithful. Both boys were, well ... BOYS !! ... What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before he was really THE !! Brad Pitt and his actor in this film were at least remarkable !!! .. His brother Norman was a brain type, touched by the emotions that were real and motivated by the value that Missoula, Montana had agreed with! Paul (Brad Pitt) was out of gear and lived on the edge ... You think Montana did not have such a thing in the 1920s, but some sort of gambling, drinking and violent confrontation were just as part of Paul as his fishing rod ! Fly fishing !! I said it? Parenthetically, this was the core of this movie's theme! Recreation of fly fishing served as a cohesive bond that homogenized the souls of Maclean's brothers and, to a lesser extent, his father! I would like to describe the acting in this film as incredibly believable and the cinematography went sensational. Put it that way, anyone who sees this movie will want to live in Montana. The breathtaking filmography of the blue-blue mountains and streams has captured the youth and effulgence of the life of the Brothers Maclean ... Rarely in the movie you see that feelings immediately induce persistent toughness to achieve what someone might want to do. Maclean brothers lived life in full and better or worse, Father knew it would be the only way for these two to become men! ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of Maclean's view from the point of view of older brother Norman ... Norman gets a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries a woman he will always love ... What this movie also it points out that the younger brother Paul has achieved his own success by being the embodiment of a remarkable fisher fly! The strongest aspect of life prevails in the existence of a younger brother, and Maclean's family has a terrible form of horror! Like most human flaws, the Maclean family made a light of turbulent water, (literally), and so, founded unity as a family, by having the necessary shutters on !!! The end of the film, The River Running Through It, is the epigram of life through the eyes of an older brother. For Norman Maclean, Stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his emeritus years !! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that the reflection of his life equals the desire for the people who have died! The fun memories of your brother, his wife, mother and father are now to be viewed philosophically! For Norman his life was condemned to stubborn facts that determined his dubious outlook and uncertain decision! Something as simple as saying, "It was your life, and how you lived it," is the gloomy recollection of the joy, sorrow, regret and love you gave, as well as the recipient! He best put himself in the last sermon he had heard his father, and said, "We can love someone completely, without fully understanding them." Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it has happened! Norman Maclean has to deal with his misunderstood life! Norman Maclean became a weakened octogenarian, polarized by the virtual conclusions of his life! The dark waters of picturesque rivers in Montana serve as malicious and unreal finalizing for their years on earth! Undoubtedly, it's a very fruitful statement, "What seems complicated, it's really very simple," which is a very difficult message in this movie ... Simply put ... People and places that were important in Norman's life are now just a hot-blooded memory. .. just painfully intellectual rumination of events that are aggravated by the spooky waters of the beautiful streams and the Montana rivers ... Which, for all of Maclean's family, "everything sinks into one and flows across the river"
