Batman and Superman. Iconic. Better part of the century. Who does not know about these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a film about them. Sandy Collora went forward and set up a trailer for such a movie (which does not exist and is not created, the less the team). Maybe what he does the most is how polished it is. Cinematography is solid all the time. Editing is point. Production values, even costumes, look more like their comic book counterparts than those in feature films with this character are quite high. Looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical types suit if I can say every single character. Lines are properly written. The shots are well thought out, nicely accessible and quite effective. However, it does have problems, and despite the fact that it looks good, it is not entirely in line with Grayson's energy and skill (which only had the problem of shaking too much back and forth between the short and the trailer, as well as the unspoken passion leading to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas) . Appears perhaps the most obvious. That's not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or hardly appear on the screen fail at all to achieve good performance. Cast in parts seems to be chosen rather for how much they look like the characters they play than their talents. Then there's the writing. Indeed, the conspiracy, well, what is in a small amount (this and this character join together, something about a bad plot ...) is fine. Characterization is a problem. While most of the characters seem to fit, the two faces are just like the kneeling fool (which is simply if I understand, not what the character is) like in Batman's Forever your work on displaying any element of Batman's universe in comparison with Joel Schumacher's efforts may be considered the biggest insult to fans). Also, putting this character into this way will make a comparison between this trailer and this movie (Honestly, Collora prayed for it with such a similar initial revelation), and it is assumed that it will lose in every respect. Michael Antonik definitely has no presence on the screen that Tommy Lee Jones does, and makeup (which is necessary in the above-mentioned revelation) is not as strong as the movie (no matter how good the movie is another thing). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be a lot more comics and get them, the depth of them, better (not to mention he has a greater ability to come up with a convincing plot.) Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), it seems Collora is the one who has access to funds, and one who is more likely to have contacts (due to his non-indie credits on his filmography) have a shot at creating a real function from your trailer. I intend to watch Collar's next job. But Fiorella is one of the two, whose work I will definitely be most interested in. I recommend it to the character's fans. 7/10
