I'll say it for the beginning: Why why can not WB do what these short film directors do? Sandy is probably an amazing manager and deserves some credit from WB and DC. But I think they are a bit bordered when a man with a budget of $ 12,000 can make a fan of superhero. The best world is one of the best short films I've ever seen, Trailer or Not. I think the choice of Bodybuilder (Mike O'Hearn), which plays Superman, was a brilliant choice. Let's imagine this, Superman is not a super model. It can be nice, but GQ Stud is not. And I do not know what this guy has a few comments over me, but Superman is actually pretty muscular (Have you ever actually read Superman's comics?). I think it's just on the floor ... It seems like such an obvious choice is to get someone with some real muscle to play a superhero rather than a nice face. The same thing for Batman, Bartram is in incredible form and brilliant Batman ... I do not know guys ... If they get a bigger budget and their own movie ... I think Bale and Bartram will be neck and neck. Bottom Line, this is one of the few Super-Hero movies with actors who really see part. Acting is also nice. I do not know what everyone is talking about, O'Hearn is not that bad. He's damn convincing like Superman and Bartram ... Well, it's Batman. I mean, he came to the people, this movie had a budget of $ 12,000 what did you expect? Everybody else is also great, except Two Faces seems to be more crazy than usual ... But hey, we just have Tommy-Lee Jones as a link. Oh, Lois is also pretty hot. SFX is also flippin 'sweet. I mean, see Superman pick up the car up ... MAN! How cool it is. In contrast to Gray's "Tank" scene, maybe I have to put this over, because Mike really looks like it's flying and light. Flight sequences left something that would be desirable, but again with a larger budget ... Oh, and even used Batmobile! (It was probably a model, but it looked damn convincing). <br /> <br /> Overall, this trailer was the only downfall of a serious budget. And the WB refuses to admit that Collora is a trusted director and NEEDS to be different from a Project ... But no, they will (like most Marvel projects) just get those hacking directors who almost do not show up for the fans, what it matters for, and constantly discharging these gambling movies. Thank God Superman Returns was a hit or it was seriously over. World's Finest is excellent and counts in my book as Superhero.
