The "Best World" is a unique project. It's a trailer for Superman / Batman, a supernatural movie that does not exist and never exists, at least in this form, with these characters, actors and plot. <br /> <br /> So the movie is one big shock, even more than standard everyday real movie trailers. The trailer improves you unnecessarily. In this respect, I really did not like this short project. Watching this pendant makes you hungrier and more excited and sad - and you may even feel cheating after it turns out that the feature film of this trailer does not even exist at all. You are interested in why this project was the first. I suppose Sandy Collora will be able to show off his skills, but he could not do it with a real short film like his previous "Batman: Dead End" movie. But when you have to judge it purely purely for what it is, so from a film-based point of view, it's really great. It's great looking and much more professional than you might have expected, although people who have already seen Batman: Dead End will know better than expect it to be short with cardboard kits, cheap home costumes and coaches who is taking part in the course. The short is not a constantly impressive look and the budget is not obviously high, but for the most part it is very impressive and professional looking, with beautiful costumes, sets, special effects, cinematography and lighting. <br /> <br /> Short has a good quick and typical trailer to build, with maybe too much pose too too to find it credible, but hey, it works well for trailer style. It has several impressive shots, but also a couple of chrome, mainly flying sequences of Superman. It was obvious that the guy was standing on a moving car, the camera was down from under him. I even considered it a pretty ridiculous thing. But really better and more spectacular moments will really replace it. Michael O'Hearn looked like a pretty good Superman / Clark Kent, though he probably is not the most talented actor. Clark Bartram repeats his role in Batman, and Kurt Carley looked like an amazing Lex Luthor. The rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough. It is especially interesting to watch this short after the recent new modern reinterpretation of the two superheroes of this movie in "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the style and position of these films with this. It's really amazing and fun to hear how much Kurt Carley sounds like Kevin Spacey, an actor who played Lex Luthor in "Superman Returns." It's a good looking and well-built and built trailer, but it makes you hungry for another, even if you know it will not be more. What happened to Waner Bros. plans to create a real full-length Superman / Batman movie by the way? I thought the development took place several years ago, but nothing has been heard since then. Instead, two new independent films Batman and Superman were created; "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". <br /> <br /> 7/10
