When John Wayne made his Alamo story, he set up a full set of Alamo in Brackettsville, Texas, which is still there and quite a tourist attraction. As long as it stands, we will have a file for Alamo's future interpretations for the screen. One such thing with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton was done this century. But I'd say Alamo: Thirteen days to fame is the best Alamo story I shot I've seen. John Wayne's film is good if it's exaggerated, but it's John Wayne's movie redone story to fill the screen character's character John Wayne. Brian Keith plays Davy Crockett here and gives a great interpretation of the borderline character he was. It is much closer to Professor Lon Tinkel's book on The Alamo than the Wayne movie, and read the book for years to confirm. Tinkle's book is featured as a source in both films, but Tinkle, who was alive when Wayne was done and was not satisfied with the outcome. Alec Baldwin was around the right age for the young William Barrett Travis, an idealist freedom fighter who by the way was a slave. During the day, no one saw an ironic contradiction in that. One thing that was not explored and was not Travis's hyperactive sexual path. It was Casanova in the southwest, but he even kept his horrible diary of his libidinal conquests. But the man who always gets is Jim Bowie, who played James Arness. He was a hero to Alamo to be sure, but his career before Alamo was a villain. He was a smuggler, a slave trader, everywhere who sold the land to which he had the controversial title. But his heroic death was definitely redeemed. No sign of this is in the Arness view or in the other I've seen on Bowie on the screen. And, of course, he designed Bowie's knife, according to his specifications. The man needed such a weapon. Alamo's main estate: Thirteen days to glory is a full-fledged portrait of Antonio De Lopez De Santa Anna, the president of Mexico, who comes personally to suppress the revolt caused by the North Americans who have signed up to Texas at the invitation of the Mexican. Unfortunately, these Americans came up with some pre-conceived ideas of freedom that simply did not make it so far south, at least freedom for white people. Raul Julia plays Santa Anna, who remains in Mexican history even more controversial personality. He was also quite a villain, but he was the best man produced by Mexico until a real reformer named Benito Juarez came together. This film was a farewell performance by Lorne Greene who will appear shortly as General Sam Houston. Greene is not much about Houston's concept, he was really too old for Houston to be in the early 1940s in 1836, not yet a Texas patriarch. But within the limits imposed on him, Greene does a great job. For a romantic narrative of The Alamo, let's always look at the John Wayne version, but for the historical content I recommend this movie very much.
