As a fan of genre, a child of the 1980s and a fan of hard rock music ... this movie has a special place in its heart. It has everything you might want in a supernatural movie: action, great special effects (for 1986) and guitar screaming glam rock soundtrack. It was definitely a movie for all fans of heavy metal at the time. I did not see it in the cinema because it was never released theatrically ... but the popularity of the video in the mid to the late eighties ensured its cult and eventually led to (unfortunately, the average) DVD release. If you're not a fan of scary movies or rock music, then it's probably not your cup of tea ... but believe me there are worse movies of this type ... and despite average acting and some extremely absurd situations, Trick or Treat is the most stunning riff above the usual horror ride. You will never even watch a stereo. Should I say MP3 player? TRICK OR TREATY TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular long-lasting comedy sitcom "Family Ties". After a series of direct video clips, including "Little Devils," "Killler Tomatoes eat France" and "The Rescue," he departed for his acting career in a stand-up comedy. Recently, he is considering a TV return. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now an important producer and screenwriter in Hollywood. He wrote and produced several major films and TV series, including: "The Universe: Above and Beyond" Final Destination X-Files'Jet Li The One''Willard and Last Final Goal 3B Tony Fields (Sammi) a career as a dancer on the Solid Gold television series, appeared in several low-budget films and TV shows before landing in the role of "Devil Sammy Curr in" Trick or Treat ". Unfortunately, Tony died on February 27, 1995, of AIDS-related cancers. Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering twenty-part homosexual Matt Fielding at the popular sitcom Melrose Place. Since then, he has had a long and varied acting career appearing in such films and television series as: The One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation 'and the short-lived science fiction series Joss Whedon' Firefly '. Currently, he can be seen as Tom Scavo on the show called Desperate Housewives.
