I heard about this movie when I watched VH1 "100 Most Metal Moments". On the Gene Simmons (played by a buddy) segment and a few other respondents, they discussed how this movie is totally terrible. Unlike most people, I'm more and more curious about looking at movies that have the reputation of being ridiculously bad, rather than say, a masterpiece in the cinema. The advantage of such an attitude is half the time when I find that movies are just as bad as people say, and in the end I enjoyed them much more than I originally expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now it's hard to make a film about a teenage boy who receives news from a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his historical records back without people thinking about assumptions. Sure, it's definitely a special thing, but it's never been before! Give creators points for originality for Pete! If you are looking to buy a DVD, you have no prior knowledge of the movie, do not be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are stars. However, although Simmons has a failed role, Ozzy has funny portraits as a reverend (that's true, reverend !!) who speaks against heavy metal. First of all, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. Plus, you can not help, but you smile with irony. Sure, it's cheap but effective. The game is pretty good. I have convinced ways. Those teenage characters are terribly cliché. Expect the usual line of jocks and fools. And just like in each of these films, a pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy with the alienated main character, and still goes out with her boyfriend jock. Why does she go with such a jerk? Because the fence needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the bad bangs in these movies blame because I was dropped out of high school. The film hit me the most, but the third story is too common and it made me wipe my eyes because it would be one predictable situation after another. The entire movie is not bad at all and is definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
