The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was John Wayne 1960 epic ALAMO. In one roof as a director who temporarily bind him financially, Wayne has shown that he is talented in films beyond his acting ability, which resembles an icon that personifies the West. I commented on the film at night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant solved some of the points barely mentioned in the previous films. They brought the question of slavery. They also finally discussed the contribution of local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the Independence War on the same level as Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was one weakness in the movie (although it was hidden). Wayne worked hard to throw him right and think about the fact that many people play a major role. But the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna, did not work properly. The role played by the dark actor, Ruben Padilla (on this board, his thread shows only three credits). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last films in the movie, he is simply exposed as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of Americans and their allies. Despite some bad decisions (ALAMO: THIRD DAYS TO CLORY), it is the best film that shows a man who was (from 1836 to 1854) a leading bogeyman for American policy-makers. Raul Julia was a great stage actor. I was lucky to see him in the production (in the late eighties) of ARMS AND MAN in Manhattan as Sergius. He has never been boring and usually the most important in his acting. Here we see an egoistic monster in his worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not meet Santa Anna's wishes and activities. It may be the failure of a regular soldier to bring about something he has asked quickly enough, or it may be a fear of these "foreign criminals" (when he saw the Americans) when he did not move to himself, "Napoleon of the West." Santa Anna was the president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed to have first engaged in the overthrow of the president because this president did not meet the constitution of the country, but that was the power that held him year after year. It is a sad comment that in these two decades he was the leading Mexican historian. No political figure or military figure would end if Benito Juarez did it in the late 1950s. He initially claimed great liberal ideals, but once admitted that Mexicans were children who needed counseling for a hundred years before they could control themselves (and so it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS when he talks about the people he helped lead against José Ferrer). The amazing thing he managed to do was return. His policies were disasters. While we know of his attack on Texas (to suppress the rebellion), he also attempted to expand into Guatamala (and probably saw it dominate most of Central America). He won in Alamo, but at the cost of his life. His massacre of the Col. Fannina in Goliad was inexcusable (one could make a case for destroying the Alamo defenters who fought to the end, but Fannin surrendered). Then came the disaster of San Jacinto, where his army was exterminated (failed to take reasonable steps to watch US units). He was captured and humiliated and forced to sign the surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the soldiers wanted to pick him up. In addition to losing his leg in the battle against French in 1838, he could not hurt himself in most of his wars. He refused forced surrender of Texas, but he could not balance it militarily. Instead, Mexico led the defeat in the 1846-48 war against the Americans, leading to a Mexican session. The US was "decent" to pay Mexico $ 15000000 for the southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He was the president for the last time in 1853, in time to give Franklin Pierce the terrible bad administration that it was a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the borders of Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden's purchase") to the US No other Mexican president (even Porfirio Diaz) never cheered his country's worth (Diaz sold himself to foreign business interests, but built Mexico's economic muscles). In 1855 he was expelled and settled on a state island. There he managed to perform his most powerful work: in the US he introduced the chip and became a chewing gum. Some success! <br /> <br /> Julia Santa Anna is younger than a practiced cynic and a candidate who has become the best American land purchase agent. He will not stand the opposition, and in the moment he will warn of furious fits. Mostly his chief advisor, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here British officer), keeps his tongue - he does not want to be in front of a shooting team, how he could be. But Stiers is secretly less than enchanted by his boss. In conclusion, when she became independent with the newly revived women from the dead defenders Alamo, Stiers suggests telling the world what Santa Anna really likes. And they did it!
