The often misunderstood mysterious point is Antonioni's political film Antonioni's American film. Stylistically this results from "Blow-Up", which means that the pace is faster than the previous epic, though certainly not less idiosyncratic. Basically, it is the common mistake that the film celebrates the hippie generation. Not like this. The two protagonists come from a very different environment. Mark the young "rebels" Daria from a real estate company. But in real Antonioni fashion they are both alienated and both are trying to escape from their surroundings. Mark leaves rebel and Black Panthers meeting with disappointment with verbally empty rhetoric, while Daria is restlessly on the way with her car. Antionion, the principal director, after describing rebellious youth as confused and shallow, then moves to the city. An environment saturated with corporatism, advertising billboards, senselessness that must be constantly expanded to suit similar populations and generating profits at the same time. It is precisely this environment, from which both protagonists escape, although it seems that they are usually no coincidence. When Daria stops at a small village on the edge of the desert, the environment is just as suffocating, and people, as well as lost cases, best exemplified by the old boxing champion who has now shrunk to his own shadow, sat around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense. An amazing melancholic succession that was further developed by the presence of some wild children, brought by some "benefactor," but by "the destruction of a real piece of American history." Inconsistent symbolism is Antonioni's view of hippies. Only a semi-positive view of the canvas of human alienation. And then there is the desert, the landscape used to the devastating effect, the clean and the terrifying, the real, the wild and the dead. The sequence in which both protagonists love "merged" in the fantasy of generations of "flowers" reflects a similar sequence in the "Red Desert" where Giuliana tells the story to her son. This is a colorful break in a colorless landscape. Live half-fantasy in a suffocating reality. The end of the end probably belongs to the pantheon of great endings in the cinema, Western civilization scattered into pieces. Katharsis, exorcism. The two "international" films Antionioni (British "Blow-Up" and American "Zabriskie Point") are less intense than previous works, but it is largely due to the faster pace and inevitably adjusted setting (Swinging London, Floral America). But when this happens, it's clear he did not lose the edge.
