I have to admit that I have always hardly watched Antonioni's film from the beginning to the end at the first attempt, and even for this one, eventually I watched in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end, I realized it was so much better because it made me stop thinking about the usual dates of the plot and just enjoying the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, but it takes a lot of effort. When it comes to desert scenes, all effort is paid in full. Stunning cinematography is only part of it, which really makes it all unforgettable as the landscape is doing in a stunning presence, silence and splendor, a sense of sadness and freedom, the way it blends in and contrasts with both young characters. The wilderness is dead, but in the first part it feels less distant and alien than the urban scene. Dance between the plane that flies and the girl's car makes a lot of great shots. Love scenes in the desert are just beautiful, it is hard to imagine this approach from the film of our time. Of course, something very stylish and studied, but at the same time they managed to express a feeling of natural, spontaneous innocence, which is very rare today. Everything feels loose and uncut (due to underrated acting), but it is the result of manic attention to detail and form, which eventually culminates in a number of explosions, which is a really charming spectacle. I'm just leaving you in amazement. I'm not really interested in some of the usual objections: boring - yes, yes, it is if you want all the movies to watch the classic conspiracy development and be packed with action twists, but if that were all, it would be really boring and sad; demanding - perhaps, but when this kind of ambition is linked to real skills, depth and style, compliments are demanding. "Political" criticism has the slightest sense to me, I do not see a reason to get closer to this film with ideological peculiar or worse patriotic demands. It simply defeats the purpose. Perhaps it is true that Antonioni noted, as a previous commentator, these young "hippies" and politics of protests and unrest with the police with the fascination of an alien, but I think it adds something rather than the deterioration of the film. It is not true that the hippies did not exist in Italy at that time (think about the '68 protests, just as in France), though they were obviously different from the American counterpart and, in some ways, even more militant. His interest in this film, however, was not very political. The action seems to be a pretext for a film whose appeal has universal, timeless quality. A special mention of the fantastic soundtrack. This film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the most important predecessors of contemporary art music videos, as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that is in itself but, unlike the first one, it uses music in a much finer way, rather with the landscape rather than with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional story in the movie, then do not bother. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
