When this film was made, the hippie thing was the mainstream. The ideas of anticultural culture have been well established, so a great film could be shot. Still has something to say and it's really beautiful. In addition to those who are just waiting for corrugated material, this film is awarded the most beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than enough to see the movie). The soundtrack of this film, which has actually become more popular than the movie itself, is another addition. Pink Floyd "Carefully with this Eugene Ax" is really suited for explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the movie a pleasant, quiet mood. But. It seems that the news in this movie was mostly overlooked. If you did not understand, which seems to be the most appropriate, I will give you some tips: A man (a tough man, what is his name - Mark?) He is part of a "group of realities". Allows this group to say something like "I'm willing to die but not out of boredom" He later go on a joyride with a stolen plane, probably looking for some measure. As it is in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from Live / Dead) plays. This song contains the phrase "We can go with you and we as long as we can," but in the movie it is not heard. (Maybe it goes a little too far, which means that quotes are necessary?) In the plane, she checks the girl (Daria) who drives her car at the conference (giving the typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super-relaxing a place in the desert where everything is so simple and nice for the whole family!), Diving down, almost hit the car. He takes the plane and joins the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie, where they like each other as living beings and nature. Later a family with a large car (the type you are sleeping in) and a fast boat is exposed to a visit to Zabriskieho point, the father says something like "what waste is going right here" and the baby is sitting in the car, smile. I felt that "it was no better than TV". Daria takes Mark back to the plane, which is now painted in psychedelic style, with the identification number changed to "no war" on one side and "no other word" to the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark took the plane back from where he had stolen, and told the Donor before he left "there was nothing wrong" or something, one of several hints that he was not interested in his fate. (That's because he feels that the surrounding area does not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world.") At the airport, they meet the cops who shoot him, even when he's just returned the plane. Daria will hear it in the radio, but definitely go to a conference in a luxury mansion. Here, after the adventures, she feels an alien with her friend just killed. She enjoys fresh water rock down the rock, more than the pool. Inside the house, the viewer is again marked by antimaterialism. She looks through the glass wall and holds her hands on the glass as if she were imprisoned. Merchants are seen to argue, one party eager to make a big deal, the other afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks at him, visualizing how it explodes. Several other things explode around the house, such as television. She smiles, happy to destroy what she looks like something negative after the meeting with Mark. Shrink: Mark obviously experiences the "real group" as not very useful when sitting and talking, you are not taking any steps. He has obviously bad feelings about things as they are, and he seems to feel he has to fight it. He wants to leave. It helps Daci, who is "in the mind but not in action" when he sees his point of view. Where his sense of being misdirected, leading to his death, can be hoped that Daria uses thoughts in a way that is more constructive. In the movie, you see how the city (LA) is polluted by commercial (too bad you have to show the ad to do it), you see that traders decide what the future is, and you see that people are unhappy with these and other situations , which are part of the modern world. I only saw the film so I did not catch all the points, but I definitely felt what this movie was supposed to say, and I find it odd that this film can be called insignificant. If you say the points are too obvious, I can understand why this movie probably intended to appeal to post-hippie radicals to "kick" ideas against the establishment. Though she has much to say, and her message is still needed today, things are evolving to a large extent in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie telling the story of a totally normal young man (not hippies who are driving around the tip of an acid, digging everything) and looking for what they think is real, unhappy with conventional. And it's done in a really beautiful way.
