I was told that it was one of the films, "Love it or you hate it." Well, I loved it. The apparent hippie-era, dated and easy symbolism and everything. I probably do not have any taste for Antonioni at all, but this and La Notte (made exactly ten years ago) are my favorite movies. Built two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point Michelangelo was a great American epic. But it turned out to be a flop. I really do not know why. Before I watched, I read it was quite boring, so I prepared myself for a very slow film - although I love a slow movie. To my taste, Zabriskie did not have a boring moment in her. While watching, I realized how European it was that the director was more often using advertising billboards in almost all urban scenes, huge billboards that are in the sight of some human form. This repeating visual element is obviously there to emphasize how consumers crush individuals in American society. But then I watched L'Eclisse right afterwards in Rome in the early 1960s and noticed that Antonioni often contained billboards. After all, the masterful use of landscape, architecture, and inanimate objects in every image with or without human beings is Antonioni's trademark? it is precisely the way it evokes the psychological states of his characters, with more or less underestimated power and great visual impact. In this skill it is virtually insurmountable. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point played two very attractive leads to become big stars of the 1970s, but they were never. Mark Frechette, whom I saw in Francesco Rosi's film "Uomini Contro," had a very tragic life and died at the age of only 27 years. Ното东нгоvoduното Άλλαго, функционираúra на Батели предполагаемо Баฝлевскиrajina Больσσε客го◀ Mark's star Daria Halprin, apparently also wife of Dennis Hopper, has the stunning, natural beauty and attraction of young Ornella Muti? one of those light beauties that do not need bits of make-up to turn heads. Just like Frechette, she has only a delightful couple of dark movies, and she never became a star, but she did not die at least tragically. Most notable is that Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sexual scenes ever shot - what brings home a sense of youthful playfulness, as little as I have seen - as well as a strongly cathartic ending. Perhaps this is the most crucial sequence ever shot in terms of its symbolism, but I do not see how anyone can deny her beauty and a wonderful sense of emotional release. The explosion never looked so good, and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that refreshes the order rather than bring chaos.
