Not too much when I see the movie and I'm going, "what, what?" But this was one of them. Perhaps when I saw Zabriskie's point I felt like Woody Allen after I saw 2001 - he liked the film only when he saw it three times in two years, realizing that the filmmaker was in front of him , what's happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to shoot movies in the US (after Red Desert, shot the film Blow-Up, this film, China and Travelers, shot outside his native Italy), I felt about learning about the ways of the earth through his own mastery of the media. The results show that he lacks a way to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds, and visual representations of this era. "The director likes to see," Antonioni said once. Whatever it means, it does not disappoint for admirers of their work in fifty years (I say fifty years ago, because I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he lacks is a point, at least a point that could bring Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You get a feeling of what's around them, what the motives bring to their consciousness, but in this case the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes from hard-knocks and neo-realistic film productions, does what he can do with his mostly unprofessional cast (those who look more like real actors are subject to the roles of corporate characters) but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin looks as if Antonioni understands them. Maybe that was the reason. The story breaks into three deeds, fortunately not too confused because Mark escapes his existence around the boiling, dangerous campus life that's going on around LA in the late 1960s, and Daria is sent from LA to go to Phoenix for some business meetings. They happen to happen as Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe there background information?) And Daria meet the car and spend time together in the existential type of groove in the desert. Besides the stylishly fascinating, if bizarre sex scenes, much of this action is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> Two wires are good enough to look at them, but what exactly attracts each other out of curiosity? Ideas that arise (partly from the script written by Sam Shepard) are not very revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs appear. reality. Then the film moves to the third act because Mark decides to do it right under catastrophic circumstances and Daria will arrive at his boss's place just to be in full disillusion (regardless of the infamous past five minutes of the film). Though the film tried to tell my story, I did not have as much trouble as I did that story is devoted to a particular viewer. I can understand and feel empathy with feelings, doubts and fears and self-belief of "counter-law", but perhaps Antonioni does not fully realize himself. In some scenarios, as a director and editor (and often stunning cinematography by Alfio Contini), the landscape and background are more enlightened and strengthened than people in the foreground. I do not want to say that Zabriskie Point's technical side does not really get involved (it can be a bit sleepy because Antonioni is probably much larger than a documentary because he is a theater director like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> The wilderness, the sky, the city, and even the faces in close-ups are filmed with the eyes of the filmmaker in love with the art of getting things into the frame and bringing us in. The soundtrack is just as strong, with a large ceiling including a sweet Rolling Stones song at one point, and then a crushing, unreal Pink Floyd (renamed "Carefully with Ax Eugen, one of their best in the dark side") in the sequence explosion. performances that are not so unilateral, I might be the same as Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It's an unconventional bout of genius on the one hand and a boring shot of what was the hippie / radical movement of the late 1960s But hey, what can be boring for an American like me, born in the 1980s, does not have to be any outside of the US, like Italy, and asks for one inspection not to be cleared right away.
