I know this is an unpopular attitude about Zabriskie point, but I loved this movie. I know, I can legitimately be called the Antonioni fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love the Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I do not like the only one I ever got was less than 8/10 (and one of the three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse are two more, although I fully admit that I have to see it again) is Beyond the Clouds, which is quite a terrible movie. However, there is no better film if you catch me. So if you are not an ANTONIONI fan, you should logically ignore me. If you are even a casual fan and wonder if this particular film whose name when spoken is often followed by a climb, which is generally despised even by the admirers of Antonioni, it is in any case worth to see, the answer is YES. Well, the reason why people hate it is because 99% of the movie observers are just about telling the film. Well, that's not entirely true. If the film is amazing in some aspects, for example in acting or in cinematography or direction, and precisely in his narrative, movie observers could love him very much. The film, however, may be the most magnificent visual masterpiece and has a chaotic or illogical story - another thing that has destroyed cinematography over the years: logic - it hates the film completely. In fact, I certainly agree with that. I do not like it and I want to change my mind, it's really hard to love a movie that I see as a poor story. Others, however, tend to get embarrassed by a free story. This is certainly what the viewers must take away from Zabriskie point. I could tell you a story, but you probably think it's pointless. It's really, but for me it was all the effort was fantastic and more beautiful. I would really compare it to 2001, which is my favorite movie. 2001 is, however, perfectly coherent with the story of this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has in mind is a mood. Music helps a lot; Scores include many day events, including Pink Floyd. The mood is a bit akin to Antonioni's moods of other masterpieces, full of loneliness and devastation. Also, the freedom that comes out of it. The best sequence in the movie is when the leading man and woman (her name is Daria, I know but I do not remember his name) attract his vehicle alongside the historic signs on the desert highway. Behind the stone wall that was built so that the cars flew away is an ancient bed. It's basically a rock desert and they play it. The setting is incredibly beautiful. The woman says, "It's such a beautiful place, what do you think?" That man: "I think he's dead." There is no insight into whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. It is very similar to the moods expressed in other Antonioni films - characters are always wanting to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger who was hurt by journalism, we have a young hippie patient out of the politics of his friends - he thinks they are too talking and not doing what they think is right, or at least he says yes. It seems to me that he's more like the one he just wants from the situation. The film is also simply visually amazing. Antonioni's films are recognizable to just a few shots, but his visual style has always been built. I like The Passenger more than I Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point can be his ultimate success in this regard. Well, that might sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are amazing pictures. I think there are camera movements here. Apparently he made a lot of money on Blowup, which was the biggest hit of his day, the biggest one at the time. Here he spends well, especially with his flying shots. One of the greatest sequences of the film is the man who stole a male private plane, bombed Daria in her car. The only thing that can be fairly criticized is the politics of the film. They are certainly easy. Not that the hippies were easy, but Antonioni's vision of hippies - there was nothing in Italy, of course - they are bizarre and well pass through the eyes of strangers. There is more childish criticism of advertising, but it is a critique that still exists today. I say, can not you ignore people? What was it hurt? Are you going to buy things you do not want because of billboards? Or, it is also a critique of capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that stole the land in the desert - the land she enjoyed with herself - to make cheap family houses for families. Rod Taylor, a very underestimated actor, whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays her boss. The end that will not destroy - you have to see it - is almost uncomfortably cheap. But I can understand the handling of the cops. Not that I generally despised them, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be terrible. They always had too much strength. These sad arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion of the film. I find this filtered view of America very interesting. I really do not think the hippie and Antonioni have disagreed. 10/10.
