If Saura had not done so before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now he deserves to be honored with the great director and the great film conservatory of Spanish culture, but he did it similarly sooner, and although we can applaud the wealth he has given us, we have to choose and choose the favorite and high (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Sauru Flamenco from 1995 as his most unique and effective cultural documentary next to which Iberia is wandering. Iberia is conceived as a series of music interpretations by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and especially by his "Iberia" piano sets. Isaac Albéniz has been a great contributor to the outsourcing of Spanish music culture - its re-formatting for non-Spanish audiences. He moved to his French film in his 1930s and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" suite is a fantastic synthesis of Spanish folk music with styles Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around composing his compositions, a sort of beautiful normalization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spanish took over Albéniz, and in Iberia, artists reinterpreted their compositions from the point of view of various ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a tame and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to echt Spanish pure flamenco. Flamenco, emerging from the Andalusian region, has deeply felt the amalgam of gitana, Hispanic-Arabic and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply a peninsula that includes Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura Flamenco is an unmistakably intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and the spider's way of noble preening, which is the essence of Spanish style, the way in which man and woman wear themselves with pride in arrogance and elegance panache - even bullfights and tore's movements are full of it - in a series of electrical sequences without an opening or a conclusion; they are simply. Saura has always emphasized dissatisfaction with the collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his Flamenco in 1995, he dropped the story, and the singers, musicians and dancers, went to a large sound scene with nice lighting and screens, flats and mirrors, which was arranged by cameraman Vittorio Storaro, another prominent filmmaker Spanish filmmaker. The beginnings and endings of the Flamenco sequences are often harsh, but atmospheric, which are marked only by the sound and the stirring of the legs and the mix of voices. Sometimes the film keeps feeding after the show ends and you see the dancer bend, sigh or laugh; or someone unexpectedly says something. In Flamenco, more than other Saura's musical films, it's a tattered, intense interaction of singers and dancers, and a rhythmical applause of observer participants who scream for impulsive oles, a "story" and a charm. Because Saura actually created a spell, and perhaps best, when he dropped from a conventional story. Iberia is in a similar spirit to some of Saura's finest musical films: no narrative, no dialogue, only short names that indicate the type of song or area, beginning with the pianist who plays Albeniz's music and gradually moves along the lines of dance sequences and little singing. In flamenco music, the basic element is an unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It relates to other songs in other ethnic disciplines, but nothing totally coincides with his crude, unique, ugly, beautiful scream that defies you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost care. Then comes clapping and foot stomping, and then dancing, combined with other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saurin Flamenco, you will want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. Style is here; some of the big voices and the dances and the music are there. But the source and the concept of Iberia cause less power and makes it less rich and intense cultural experience.
