Students often ask why I chose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is heavily abbreviated, and the film contains material that earned him an "R" rating. I have several reasons why I used this production: First, I did not see the Moor view, I agree with Othello until I saw Fishburne playing it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway and it was amazing. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But in spite of Jone's unbelievable presence both physically and loudly, the character he was playing seemed too passive to give me no complete emotional cleansing in the Aristotelian sense. Jones actually confirmed what I felt when in the interview he noted that he played Othello as passive - seeing Iago as basically doing him. Unfortunately, it was ruining my sorrow for destroying the character. That's why I felt sympathy with Jone Moor, but not the horror of his mischief with the evil man. On the contrary, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and energetic figure who is familiar with the act. Iago's temptation to actively deal with what Othello represents as his wife's infidelity is the overturning of the positive quality of the general to be active and not passive.1 The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello is becoming obsolete. Fishburne is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in the movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made fine film versions, but they were white men in a black face. 2 Why is it important? Why should a black actor be a black man on the stage? 3 In Shakespeare's days, black faces were used as well as boys to make girls. Maybe the reason is the same. Female actors give women a special role on the Shakespearean scene because they best understand what Shakespeare's genius is trying to present. A gifted black actor should play the moor because his experience with the white dominance culture is necessary to understand what Shakespeare's genius acknowledged: the pain of being marginalized for race. An important topic in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although it is a mistake to insert US racism into the Shakespearean game, there is no doubt that racism is still working among the characters. Many, including Desdimon's father, think that the connection between the Venice white Christian and the North African black Christian is UNNATURAL. Third, Shakespeare has never been evaluated. He was never. His stage productions have always been typical of violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as sensationalism, but for artistic honesty.
