I'm a little bit confused about it. The show is horrible, acting is horrible (even though real actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley appear in one episode), the dialogue is sad and the premise / morale of each episode feels like something drawn from the 50s educational short. There's no way you'd go crazy for some of these episodes, and the Robert Englund's stones are short, futile and furious in some Bob Saget's America's Funniest Home Videos almost. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, it's one of the funniest things ever seen on TV. Fashion trends in the 1980s, soft focus make the actors look like them on The View all the time, the spaces add the material more to their own parody than to the terrible doing, so we leave behind an episode where a high school student is Unfortunately, if he fails to have his girlfriend say goodbye to him and his parents reject him, another is afraid that she will be imprisoned because she is a non-standard mother (her husband plays Brad Pit); another worries that all the parents in the world are against him in the league when he leaves home, another is afraid that he will be confused with his socially retarded twin, another is afraid if he does not divorce his mother and the twisted father killed in the party at his home. The list goes on and on. Since these are dreams, I think you could look around the absurd points and devices, but they are from the left array that for writers there are no opportunities to really scare the audience. You have characters dressed as something of a 80-year-old nightmare that wanders around a bad dialogue in a very chic fashion and makes an illogical decision that does not serve any other purpose than to move the story to the next special point of a fence (typically see how the peripheral character is doing something unusual for a healthy person, while our main character stares horrified and too shocked to do something). If you are looking for something that will scare you, you will stay away. If, on the other hand, you're looking for one of the funniest things that you've got since the 1980s. Look at that. He recently appeared on the Chiller TV (almost every day) and I watched him earlier from morbid curiosity and now that I could laugh good every day. With the armed development and accessories from the air, it's officially the most fun thing on TV right now.
