I still have grainy, late nights, no cables, cheap VHS shows from this waaaaaayyyy show back when I appeared in late night's commercials, and everywhere if I stayed on every odd hour, it could record. The series was not really about Freddie Kreugers - only the first episodes actually touched him as if something other than Rod Serling-esquire had happened. Instead, each episode was a distinctive nightmare, using traditional horror motives of frightening childhood, dating, cannibalism, dating, money, death, dating, and ... hmm ... dating. an episode in which a teenage boy accidentally says, "I will love you forever" to a bad girl and stick to her (literally, for a moment, she grows up together ...), into a young stewardess with a strange man just to find myself my cabin, where the trophy room is full of other stewardesses, and I just remember vaguely which compares the blind date with hockey (and the injuries and penalties that come with it) - dating was definitely the worst thing in the series. One episode was Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, etc.) as a motivated pizza business with a tasty new secret ingredient. It's not original but still scary and fun ... Yet some of the episodes were great. My personal favorite was "It's a miserable life," when a young man is trapped in his parents' hamburger robots when he wants to go to college. Stuck talks to himself and makes a small puppet show with old cheeseburgers - until one late night when a weird boy passes and suddenly his life is not the same. No, not Freddy, just a pistol thief - it turns out that the whole mind-blowing episode is just that - the last thoughts that go through the baby's head ... along with the bullet. <br /> <br /> The second half of the same episode (many of Freddie's Nightmare's episodes were basically two vaguely linked short stories) followed his girlfriend, who was also injured but not killed in the wild and who was taken to hospital z heck "- accumulating in all the most spooky clichés of hospital nightmares, and then some - from accidental suppression of your mouth - or troubles - to making your dead friend try to bring you to the morgue to make a little cuddling. /> <br /> Again it was my favorite. Some of the episodes were very stupid, like all those available on the video. They like the show series, and then no one likes them, they think the show will stop and then they will not make the video. It's a miserable life is only available on PAL DVD in England - but I still buy it.
