"Home Room" like "Zero Day" and "Elephant" was inspired by the recent wave of school bullets. But unlike the other two films, "Home Room" focuses on two survivors (not shooters or killed) as a result of shooting. This is less useful and useful, because questions that do not have answers are useless. <br /> <br /> Do not give up on this little movie in the first 20 minutes, but you need to set a real story, but it plays like a rejected "Hill Street Blues" episode. It's lame, but carries with it, at least it places the running length enough to get a feature-rated movie. I recommend that you jump completely and simply jump forward to the hospital scene - there is nothing you can not choose from the rest of the movie. Like many good little movies it was a creative one-man show like Paul F. Ryan was both a writer and a director. While this arrangement does not guarantee a good film, it is usually a good sign, as it will mean a certain unity of design and execution that is often lacking in great budget dramatic features. Because the "Room in the Home" scenario is his real strength, he is fortunate that the writer also made production and insured that his vision came to the screen. <br /> <br /> Ryan has a huge chance with an end that tests the limits of the average sentimentality of the viewer. It manages it to the edge, but against all the logical sheets that you cry, instead of crashing. Why end works are a mix of audiences who need a reward at the end of the journey, a song (Sweet Surrender by Sarah McLaughlin) that came out and a wonderful last minute editing. > <br /> The second strength of the film is the cast of Busy Phillips (Alicia) and Erika Christensen (Deanna) as the main protagonist. Though Phillips plays her standard teenage boyfriend and Christensen's smart daughter of a good family, they both play more roles than ever before. The family life of the two girls is more than satisfactory and Ryan has little interest. What's happening here is all about two of them, despite the poor story of a police detective interested in the city and trying to connect Alicia with a lone shooter. If the film ever and again were cut, this story should be condensed. The story of two extremely incongruous girls helping each other is hardly a new idea, and Ryan could easily control this film into cliché and predictability. But instead, his script has the task of engaging in a fascinating and convincing sparring struggle that slowly separates and shares moments of vulnerability just to retreat. Deanna is "I'm dying inside" The line just tears you apart - I can not think for a moment in any other movie I felt as intense as this one. He desperately needs a connection that Alice desperately resists. Deanna makes progress only when he recedes. The viewer always expects a group hug that has never happened. <br /> <br /> Eventually, it not only generates a lot of tension, but admires both the characters and the two actresses that brought them to life. <br /> <br /> Then what do I know? I'm just a kid.
