For the first time, I came across 'My Teacher Friend' by accident one or two years while surfing on television. Before, I've never seen any Korean movies before, so the MTF was really the first Korean film I've ever watched. And what a great surprise! I was very entertained from start to finish and was great. His comic style is totally different from those of Hong Kong's comics (which I've used to my whole life, and so tired) by breathing fresh air into my humorous film experience. I thought there were lots of scenes and tricks in the MTF that are very funny, fun and original. I looked at the MTF the second time a few days ago and I watched them once, the surprising / comic effect on me somewhat mitigated. This in no way negatively affected my opinion of the film. Instead, there was something else-it made me-a story of how two young, seemingly "enemies," who are utterly incompatible, gather and gradually resolve their differences and begin to care for each other without realizing their own feelings reminded of long school days. For me, Su Wan and Ji Hoon ARE are really compatible because they both have something pure and true inside them, which is the quality that separates them from people like, say, the harsh girlfriend of Ji Hoon. The film is divided into two distinct parts - part 1 deals with the "fight" between Su Wan and Ji Hoon and is faster and faster. After Ji Hoon gets a pass in the final exam and Su Wan dancing (in the opinion of Ji Hoon) provocative dance, things are starting to change. The tempo slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes that he cares about Su Wan more than he imagined. The second part deals with the development of their mutual feelings, which, of course, leads to a happy end, accompanied by a final duel with the gang leader. <br /> <br /> One last comment. I think that's a little unbelievable - the fact that a 21-year-old self-named "bad boy" would feel embarrassed when he was almost naked in front of a girl who is troubled and loses her "cold" is just a little bit ... strange. I think it shows that Ji Hoon is just a boy with a heart and not really what his look looks like. Btw, Kwong San Woo (Ji Hoon) has a sexy body and a perfect figure! ;-) <br /> <br /> MTF is definitely on my list of the 10 most popular films of all time.
