What a wonderful, fantastic film "Stardust" is. I could simply end it by saying it was the only statement, and it was enough to say that this could be a very strong recommendation. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> While Hollywood seems to be trying to make remakes and continue to throat, 'Stardust' forces us to remember why we approach the film in the first place - to escape the reality for a few hours and to explore other lives, or on other planets. Ironically, "Stardust" takes us all three places effortlessly and with the childish joy we all want. "Stardust" is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes, witches, pirates, spirits and villains. It has distressed girls, heroes, quarrels, obstacles, spells, antidotes, spells, and even a touch of light speed that makes it almost modern. <br /> <br /> "Stardust" a man from the city of Wall, which is conveniently located next to the wall that separates the city from the magical kingdom. The only way to walk around the wall is through the basement, which is carefully guarded by a dirty old attacker (which was great played by David Kelly). One day, a young man from the wall, named Ben Barnes, manages the old guard and escapes his back. It happens in a magical kingdom named Stormhold, where she meets a tied (and very sexy) young lady named Una. She is held captive by a witch and bound by an unbreakable chain. While the witch is gone, Una leads Ben and sends him on the way. Ben returns without harm and continues his life. But nine months later, he is summoned to the wall stern, where the old guard gives him what you would expect - baby boy. The boy, named Tristan, grows up like an unfortunate young man (Charlie Cox) who is struck with a girl who has gotten out of her league and also engaged to the other. However, a young lady (named Victoria and played by Sienna Miller) will once come out with Tristain and he will admit her love for her. After they are preceded by a trapping star, they tell him he can have it if he gets a star and brings it back to her. He agrees and comes to his search, which takes him to the other side of the wall. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, in the Kingdom of Stormhold, the old king (perfectly played by Peter O'Toole) dies. He calls his remaining living sons to tell them who will follow his throne. His names are Primus, Secondus, Sextmus and Septimus. Other sons where they were killed by other brothers in humorous competition to see who lives to gain the throne. Anyway he threw a ruby ​​charm to the sky and Voila, that's what brings the star to the ground. <br /> <br /> The star crashes in the form of a beautiful woman named Yvaine (Clare Danes) and of course she is wearing a spell. Little knows that Tristain, the prince, and the aging witch Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer), who wants to pull the hearts of the stars to her own youth, is now convinced. Complicated ? Yes. But all this happens when the adventure unfolds. Tristain is the first to find Yvaine but is so blind with his dedication to Victoria that he does not recognize the growing bond between him and Yvaine. His initial interest lies only in the fact that Yvaine returns to Victoria as proof of his love. But the princes and Lamia must first go through. Princes are not such a big deal because they are constantly trying to kill each other - and, as in the case of the "Pirates of the Caribbean," death has never been so fun. But Tristain also encounters a witch who enslaved his mother (though he does not know it was his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by Robert DeNiro. <br /> <br /> The most important character in the movie and DeNiro plays it on a T-shirt. The film follows its toughness and soon learns the secret secret that leaves the audience on the floor laughing. Although his role is small, DeNiro is extraordinary! Michelle Pfeiffer is amazing as Lamia - a sexy evil witch. Claire Danes is the most suitable as a confused and desperate Yvaine. She's doing the perfect girl. Jason Flemyng, Adam Buston, Rupert Everett and Mark Strong add the perfect dose of Levites as fighters who return as spirits "Blithe Spirit" and "High Spirits". <br /> <br /> Director Matthew Vaughn, whose only other director was Layer Cake, is a charming story that everyone will enjoy. "Stardust" may be too complicated for young children, but someone older than 13 will want to see this movie several times. It is alright like this. "Stardust" is what movies are supposed to be. Perfect font, perfectly occupied, perfectly controlled and perfectly acting. In other words ... perfect.
