I was lucky that this movie finally I'm going to film movies Turner Classic because it is one of the films that received Oscar (for special effects) in its annual month of the Oscar winning films. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is an easy-to-follow film for MARY POPPINS's older success. This film was also a great success and Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Just like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson has a role in the role of parenting. It's a great mix of live action and animation. Meets in the past period of British history (if not Edwardian-Georgian world from 1912 in London, it is the English coastline during "Dunkirk" summer 1940). He's even old Reginald Owen, here as a home patrol general, while formerly Admiral Boom in Mary Poppins. Paradoxically, it was Owen's final role. Home Guard characters (not too many in the film) recall one British DAD'S ARMY series, which dealt with the problems of the local home guards in the early years of the war. The period is also well indicated by the occurrence of three Rawlins children as war orphans from the Blitz bombings in London. A (in typical Disney fashion) in the musical number "Portobello Road" appear various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (supplemented with metal drums)) and the Scottish local female helpers in costumes. /> <br /> All, surprisingly. But the biggest plus is that Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally: her only real musical movie. In a remarkable acting career, Lansbury never won a real musical role she earned as Auntie Mame in the MAME musical, which came out shortly after BEDKNOBS. He was a singer (in Gaslight his short UP IN A BALLOON BOYS) and Figure DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD and - best of all - to support and finally THE GARLES GARLES with the final repetition of access, Topeka and Santa Fe). But here's the female lead. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we lost when Mame Dennis Burnside is not playing. The rest of the cast is quite good, Tomlinson learns that he can only after the relative failure. Three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually show in their characters more interesting pages than their predecessors edwardovští Poppins (particularly appreciate as something beginning with an opportunistic mindset Lansbury extortion after he discovered she was a witch). The only surprising waste (perhaps because of scenes cutting) is Roddy McDowall as a local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film. His possible role as a disagreeable enemy of witchcraft should play a greater role. Attention is also John Ericson as a German officer, which leads to the end of the film, only to find that they face something more powerful than ever imagined the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a contender for the magic formula that seek Lansbury and Tomlinson. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two sequences under the sea in the lagoon and nejdivočejšnějším football match ever mapped out, it's worth the view, Tomlinson will return to it as a referee and gets pretty badly smashed into the various accusations and confrontation. Like I said, it's a pretty good sample of Disney's best workshops.
