"Bedknobs and Broomsticks" is a magical adventure film with a certain spell, though it is not one of Disney's best works. It generally has a good story, nice songs, great characters, good actors, magical and wonderful special effects, good setting and beautiful England landscape. It also very well combines live action and animation. The animation itself is, of course, quite good. Animation is very similar to the 1973 animation of "Robin Hood" and the same thing about animated characters: there are a lot of wild animals like bears, elephants, hippos, lions, crocodiles, and others such as Robin Hood. Besides, the king (the lion) seems to be a mixture of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention that the bear looks like a little John. This film is often compared to "Mary Poppins" for some reason. Both combine live action and animation with similar artworks. Both have similar settings in London. Both have their own magic and a magical woman. Children (Carrie, Charlie, and cute little Paul) are a bit like the Banks kids. Both films were directed by Robert Stevenson and both David Tomlinson. However, instead of a very serious man like George Banks, David Tomlinson plays a cheerful and magical person - Professor Emelius Browne. With his magic, this film also has some insignificant but significant similarities to Harry Potter stories. <br /> <br /> Most of the songs are good. "Age does not believe" and "Beautiful seas" are the best. "Portobello Road" is also nice. David Tomlinson is great in this movie. Angela Lansbury is great as Miss Price and three child actors are all right: Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie, Ian Weighill as Charlie (an aged infidel) and Roy Snart as the youngest brother Paul. br /> <br /> I like black cat. That's great. It looks a bit like Salem, a black cat from the television series "Sabrina, Teenage Witch". I find myself cute when some of the characters change to a white rabbit. Rabbits are really cute, fluffy and adorable animals. I just love them! Even more fun is when Professor Emelius Browne turns into a white rabbit because when he re-turns into a man, he shakes his nose like a rabbit. It's really cheerful, combined with his comic figure and mustache. Overall, it's a good movie, but its end is pretty bad. The first minute of the movie is nothing special, but then it improves a lot. But the end is weak. This is my main critic, largely because the animated knight is a bit too much for me and also because of the feeling of war.
