If some style of film could call my "guilty pleasure", it would be this generic type of fantasy. Guilty is a bad word for this, although I'm just glad I'm a hijacker from time to time. "Stardust" is a good piece of fantasy that we should expect from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman's adaptation, as it was). It's not a visual scenery of Mirrormaska, it's not a teenage transformation of the labyrinth of the Lady, and it's not a fun loving classical Princess Bride, but it contains what a fanciful mistress is sufficiently familiar with to be totally comfortable throughout the observation. Fantasy lovers should be happy - work with special effects has finally become good enough and so cheap that these things are in common production. Stardust's story includes a young man named Tristan who, to get the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their little town of Wall, goes on an adventure to get a fallen star. But to make it hard, Tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named Yvaine, and she's not the only one looking for her ... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality that the stars can give, and the brotherly conflict over the magical kingdom leads the murderous princes in its direction. From here it's all pretty predictable, but it includes some fantastic fantasy elements, some honest commentary on the nature of love and the best part, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. In this note, DeNiro's performance is on the spot ... it's not an excessive ticket that most actors use to portray homosexuals, but surprisingly effective from someone who was accustomed to being a rough and coarse character character continuing a joke surrounding his character, which corresponds to DeNiro opens up to alternative forms of acting). DeNiro was not so unique from Brazil in his own image, and he says something. Stardust is probably a type of movie that will long exist on the shelves of children's and fantastic lovers. I can not say he offers something new, but it really is not there. In fact, they are most familiar with the tropics they will like most. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
