It's amazing to watch Roshana Seth (a tough father in 1992, Mississippi Masala), who again plays the role of father and head of the family and others in such a long journey that he founded in 1971 in Mumbai, India. In addition to the narrow family environment, the subject matter is lost and found friendships; the unexpected death of a friend (some quiet smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayer felt peacefully - so Gustad Noble, Roshan's character similarly remarked); a series of sidewalk events - "a wall like a latrine turned into a sanctuary" a shrine to rum and ashes "was both prophetic and philosophical, it is full of life lessons in various aspects of different relationships: father and son, mother and son, father and little daughter; a little daughter and a father and mother, long-time colleagues, long lost friends, even a man to a man who is an innocent slow "crazy." Despite the tonal era of the film, it is a colorful film rich in substance and strength in texture layers with humor and tension (Sturla Gunnarsson is an Icelandic filmmaker), made a political Indian / Pakistani film, and gets into the bone marrow of life of this parsia, depicting Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, gentleness and joy. The rest of the cast is just as strong: from Om Puri's friend's mysterious friend, Soni Razdan's lasting wife, Vrajesh Hirjee arguing the oldest son, Sam Dastor, longtime collaborator, Ranjit Chowdhry pavement artist, superstitious "wizarding" neighbor woman; the wicked "fool" of a man; and a long girlfriend - it's a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in the treatment of this period, and the subject has been well researched with emphasis on details. It is lucky that Sooni Taraporeval (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote a script. This is a really useful way for the film to take part in. Along the road movie style, Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic stay for a Japanese youngster who has sought a place to look for a place to respect his parents, obediently to memorial rituals for the dead. Such demonstrated respect and intercultural attention to family ties are nowadays warmed up and cybernetic.
