Released shortly before the production order in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's Paramount stellar instrument is somewhat suggestive - sometimes even claiming to be misogyny - and very entertaining. Two murders appear on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on the scene!) But it will not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from putting the show as a lascila police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigating. Everyone sometimes hides something, and Gypsy Rose Lee has to see the secret of Murder behind the scenes before writing "The G-String Murders," because the daily interpretation is similar (though it is more satisfying). Gertrude Michael, as a malevolent diva, stops the show (more than one) with his exotic number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington ends up with a shortened "rapsody rape". The music song "Cocktails for Two" comes from this film. We recommend a bizarre and crazy classic class! Here is Louely O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Count Earl Carroll manually selects the beauty of the pirouet on the Grauman United Artists screen in the fig leaf and the power elsewhere. But Morn had never had a better figure than these charmers who were made to please the eye, especially the eye of a devastated trader. But for a moment do not think that Mrs Carrol's girls, and at naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, GIRL IN VANATH is a musical comedy thriller if you know what I mean - the murderous secret contained in the music parade. Everything happens on the opening night at a time when the game is in progress and the search is for the murderer. Through tension, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the cops. All the time he tries to trace the killer, he keeps his eye on the beauty of the shop. The secret of the murder is good, with the exception of the revelation that is quite flat. Probably the wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays a doll, is as melodramatic as the heroine at ten, twenty and thirty shows. For insignificant reasons, the unprecedented detail is found on the dramatic scene. Girlfriends are good and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead. Costumes are beautiful; in fact, it's a musical instrument that Paramount feels is really in their interest. As for Carl Brisson, it should be the increment of each show. Well looking with wonderful singing and easy and secure way is for him all his press agents. I also love Kitty Carlisle, who plays in the show. Gertrude Michael, with his deep eyes, gives an interesting, somewhat fictional picture. Jack Oakie, as an equestrian manager, is the same old Jack, but we will not change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Other players include Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen is played by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and directed by Mitchell Leisen. The music is Arthur Johnstone and Sam Coslow's lyrics. In addition to DISCURSOR VANITY, the Mickey Mouse cartoon, the Paramount Newsreel and the two-reeler are the wrong direction. I do not agree with Lolly on the denouement, it's satisfactory, the top. Why would she accuse the director? She was dissatisfied with the fact that the story ended - or how was it introduced? What is "ten, twenty or thirty shows"? Notice how he overturned Busby Berkeley and his "directories". It was equally hard to believe today, the public was buzz 'schtick fatigue until May 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "If you are demonstrating the scene to be in the theater, you should stay within the boundaries of the proscenium arc and do not rob the Buzz Berkeley routine with a scene that is great. "<br /> <br /> Question: Do not you think that Berkeley's magnificent effects justify this freedom? ML: Apparently they do it because they revive all their paintings and none of mine, but I personally do not like it.
