I have read a lot of commentaries on the film and how hard it is for people to believe it's a sequel to Henry Fool, and although technically, I think Fay Grim must be considered a completely different film. Just because it's a sequel does not mean it has to be a direct sequel to the first one, and that made me so enjoyable. The whole point of the film was to change the direction from the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it's Fay Grim. Everything that was out there was a movie I thought, so great, and I thought I was really surprised. I was expecting to borrow another almost redundant direct film and I have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and almost hard to follow the story-line (aka parker's last on the direct Oh Oh Oh movie), but it was so surprisingly well targeted that it almost it does not look what I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in creating and writing movies I want to see in movies, but I never do. Cinematography was brilliant due to its simplicity and really made the film look like "Grim" all over - when it comes to setting up. The script was so great that anyone saying that this film is not as funny as Henry Fool needs to watch and listen again; I can hardly even begin to explain how truly merry and relevant. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark was so compelling and emotional. And I thought spying in the whole movie was just so cheerful and in place (in retrospect because I agree that sometimes you lose your feelings during your kind). The main thing that struck me so hard in the movie and I believe it was a movie was Parker's love and naivety about Blade, who was so cute and turned, very quickly, from denial to total passion. The last five minutes of the movie was perfect. Obviously there were things that were not great, but nothing is perfect; some of the actors were poor, and sometimes I thought some of the new stories and dialogue about terrorism were a bit difficult to watch and throw out of hand, but you eventually got it and it did not bother to avoid your understanding. (It may also be related to Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely fast) Overall, I would say that was probably one of the best films I've ever seen this year; stylishly enjoyable, smart and humorous writing, performances that were so impressive, I have now gained a new respect for some of the actors and a really moving film, and do not forget to completely leave the Blatt. Which was the reason.
