After watching this movie a few months ago, it still jumps back to my consciousness, and I feel like I have to buy it or at least see it again, even though I tracked it at least three times when I was renting it at that time. <br /> </ p> <p> I fell in love with Hal Hartley's many years ago-I discovered that these films might make me laugh at places they rarely enjoy. It's a strange feeling, I confess, and I suppose most people really do not really get it, or it makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I think I really got it - it's like they were made for me. Although I do not remember loud laughing during this movie, it remains one of the most fun movies I have seen for years. If you do not see the humor of the food bags Fay brings from the street to the church, her brother's office, her son's director's office, you may have a lack of intelligence to be very impressed with this film. The bag is in itself a silent character that is dragged as the icon of maternity, which the shy, terrible Parker Posey must have before it faces international intrigue of the rest of the film. Henry Fool, my favorite Hartley movie, I honestly do not remember - I think the character was so contemptuous that it seemed boring to me, Hartley's Forte seems to be a feminine development, except for the bliss of Posey, it was great to see Elina Lowensohn again, one of My extravagant naivety is ideal for Hartley's direction, and his ability to make a sinister banal appearance helps to define his style as a delicious chronic irony throughout the world, and this film breaks out into a very relevant international intrigue story explaining the political situation in Afghanistan. <br /> <br /> This is an example of a "separate" sequel. The less you know about Henry Fool, the more secrets it revolves around, the less you expect it to appear to the end of the movie - as an alcoholic complaint p rotate the smoked chain and accuse him of an insult to an Islamic terrorist steward who somehow respects him. It's like finding Santa Claus is actually a 12-year-old bully schoolyard. Although I was amazed and satisfied with Hartley by other recent films, "Girl from Monday" and "No such thing", "Fay Grim" goes far beyond what I expected, with no sense of humor and originality any Oscar winner ever dared.
