I'm one of those people who would crawl a mile through the broken glass to see Hal Hartley. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my favorite Hartley) NEVER SAME, Hal is a unique brand of movies. Infusing the same parts of mystery / espionage with catchy comedy seems to be his strength. Comedy is not necessarily in your face and often runs across the scene before it comes to fruition. And that's the case of FAY GRIM, a sequel to Henry Fool. Parker Posey plays as Fay Grim, the abandoned wife of Henry Fool and mother Henry to the only son Ned. Fay lives in a quiet life until one day he comes home and finds a CIA agent in the kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF THE YEAR) and wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henry Fool notebooks, and everyone was previously convinced that they contained only crazy wanderings. There is much more to them. The Secret of Research on Weapons or Terrorists? Who knows, but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Faye that her husband is dead, but this is quickly regarded as a hand for Fay to get out of the house and look for Henry (and it works ... but not as he thinks). <br /> <br /> Fay fights with several espionage rings to gather Henry's notebooks and look for him. She also signs a deal with the CIA to get her brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of jail (helping Henry escape the country in the original film Henry Fool.) Several overlapping events occur in rapid succession: to death, Henry is revealed to be held in a "safety" by a jihadist, Fay frees her brother, but unknowingly risks her son's life, and the CIA is given the opportunity to threaten Fay. Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes. And so he does all the way. Even the names of characters (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have their own implicit meanings, which are quite funny. Over the top spy movies ol 'takes a lot of time on the screen, as the weapons flame in the stop-motion sequences and never interfere with our heroine, even if it is right in the fire. <br /> <br /> Now that I praise praise on this creature, I'll say that Parker Posey is an oversized view Fay Grim is not the best part of the movie, which is shame when considering how much time she is on the screen. I realize that it was probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: a clumsy woman with gesture hands to the Italian extreme. It was painful, though, when they sometimes looked. <br /> <br /> Even so, fans will probably destroy Fay Grim and ask for another. Though it was not my favorite film Hal Hartley, I know I'm ready.
