Like someone who has seen and followed Hartley's public work for several years, I think much of what fiction was about through true stories was elevated to unclear philosophical thoughts. During the fun, Fay Grim is another step in Henry Fool's line of thought, where the film reflects the quality of the subject inside the film itself. The subject of Henry Foola is a memoir ... In Fay Grim there are encrypted memoirs - which are themselves stolen, counterfeit and transmuted into something so obscure that it really does not make sense - ie, the process of script writing and filming in modern times - Where most of the obstacle films are just a little more than just the mash-up of the past. This is in the philosophical sense of what Fay Grim is. The goal is perhaps a tragedy that the shock is now cliché and boring (as indicated in the opening scenes at the publisher's office). <br /> <br /> This is said, many of the best movie points are lost if they do not understand Henry's character and the meaning of the memories that are being sought. Henry is a devil in the dark, first to see Simon as modern Faust, etc. Without much understanding of Henry's tragic figure, much of Fay Grim's quality of plot and story is lost. And there is not enough detail in verbal flashes - they knew that Henry's fool's story can not compare to the 'feeling' of character's quality, as was the case with Henry's fool, and so I think somebody who goes cold is about 10 minute "So what" answers to a high-level dialogue and then that's it. However, Henry Fool was also my favorite film, Hartley, until I realized it was bad - nasty and infested - just because Henry Fool's comments were bad ... not just noisy or dirty but inevitably broken. Henry can not be the right villain-and maybe it's a tragic mistake that makes him the cutest ... like Gollum in Tolkien's works, Henry's grumpy. <br /> <br /> It did not happen in Fay Grim, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What we're seeing is that the whole movie is built like encryption - a sort of niche of another plot around what's over, which is another bad story that adds to the henry of confession. It's an interesting procedure, but one that can not really be experienced without watching the first movie. Perhaps you would have shown more Henry before, it would be better for the publisher to describe the basic story of the first film - although this story is not the first film - unless it is a random observer. <br /> <br /> Part of the encryption? Hard to say ... a bit disappointed about sex tricks. Raw.
