Well, this movie presents several things. To begin with, this film is about a disgruntled student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. One student survives and is in a hospital with extensive head injuries. The lead figure is what some people think of as "loner / goth", despite the fact that the film claims it is not. It seems to be quite mysterious, but it was also the only undamaged student in the class who had been victimized. She is questioned because she has a history of knowledge of the shooter and has a record of being with him the night before the phone. Anyway, he is a very short and distant person who apparently despises society. Yet, for some, at the first unexplained events, she spent roughly a year out of school when she did not get to the grade. She has the desire to graduate, and the principle that practically considers her the only way she can go through is to spend time with the survivors, the girl in the hospital. These two wires are almost completely the opposite, and they are rather social. While Alisha is a silent, intertwined, antisocial "goth" girl who spends her time alone (though she seems to read quite often, somewhat out of the closet or wardrobe), the other girl is a rich, popular "bubble" girl, who always seems incredibly optimistic and imprisoned in her own fantasy world, ignores the outside world and its realism to survive. I feel both of these roles in the amazing work of representing MOST 'cliques' in a modern grammar school, but more importantly, two completely opposite girls who do not know each other will eventually open each other. While the wounded girl learned the profound and meaningful truth about her protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that leaving society completely and blocking everything inside is not always the best thing to do. Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Either a snob, a hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer as she does, chooses him for an innocent girl, or the story of a seemingly imprisoned, fantasy girl who encounters a disgrace to society and teaches not only a judge but actually one of the most intelligent people she knows. In other words, people can see this film as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson about life, but it is not about it. This film is about SOME things. While this is all I have said, it is also representative of how people deal with a major catastrophe that changes life. This film is really not very symbolic, but incredibly straightforward with its message, if you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart, to some emotions that you may not be familiar with having so miraculously narrated. </ p> <p> <br /> Overall, this film is one of the best I've ever seen. The game is great, the story and the performances are profound and meaningful, and the emotions that flow through this movie will have everyone not only related but also crying. This movie is by far deeply rooted and very impressive, and if I believe that any film could change the life of man ... it would be the first thing that could change me. <br /> <br /> I loved the movie if you ever wanted a movie that moves and works impressively, while incredibly fun and real, watch it.
