Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work. It has a tremendous depth of character, a delicate, intricate dialogue, and an exciting, emotional end that will appeal to you. I remember I stopped at the first sight several times to grab what I saw and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from start to finish and did not need any sequel. So I was surprised to hear about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film, and there seemed to be more than a disturbing imposing of true vanity and ignorance on his brother Simon, who was forced to cope with how he matured. In her own film, Fay is maturing, although her maturity is very different. Simon went from near autistic isolation to somewhat introverted genius. Fay begins his adult journey as an immature, totally normal, spoiled child, and responds to an increase in ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature, totally normal, experienced adult who has no benefits. She deals with the problems that each person does, with determination, with little thought, and with tedious contempt. While Simon learned to drive his mind, Fay learns to control her emotions. The film contains several deliciously remembered features of its prequel, but for most of the film it differs considerably. Henry Fool has shown you a rough, boring, ignorant world that contrasts with his inner passion and creativity. Fay Grim is a living, crazy and emotional place that shows the stupidity of her young life, and by contrast she uncovers an inner wise woman that she had never developed or raised by her weak mother. <br /> <The film consists of two parts, the first one deals with the beginning of Fay's struggle and subsequent stiffness due to authoritarian hostility and the second deals with her softening battle just enough to return to Henry. First, fans of Henry Fool may be interested in how the film can be considered a sequel and think it is unfortunate to watch such an intense movie with spy games and physical comedy. But that's where Fay Grim rests. The sequel is about Faye's journey and, as I said, is her attempt to find behavioral behavior in chaos, not creative chaos in constant order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures the language of Hal Hartley in the face of humor. Elina Löwensohn might forget her emotional commitment to this role, allowing Parker to play both a direct man and a comedian against the live comedy scene around her. With Henry's entrance into the picture, the film begins to take courage. Hal Hartley's movies are all games and each game must be full of circles. Finally, Fay's newly developed figure and integrity are the progeny of her time with the fatally intense Henry, whose piercing honesty and unique passion illuminates the spark in everyone he meets. Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not go beyond Henry Foola but shows through Hal's line that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. I suppose that anyone who stalls this film not only missed a mile point (and especially a softness in Parker Posey's acting), but Henry Foola's film did not really care.
