Maybe I should like this movie more if I was not so associated with the characters in Henry Fool. Those who have never seen Henry Foola would not have to worry. As Hartley said funny in his introduction to the film on TIFF, the film has a lot of explanations and explanations. This movie is very hard on the plot that keeps the movie moving. There are many humorous moments, and the film is definitely the humor and rhythm of Hartley's dialogue. Overall, it's a well-engineered film and will surely satisfy new Hartley fans who are just starting to explore his work. As for older fans who loved their earlier work as Trust and Amateur, this movie could go either. I have mixed feelings about the film and later Hartley films in general. What Hartley best does, sets his stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other. Since the end of the 1990s, his films have expanded to a range of subjects. Mass media at no such age, religion in the book of life, and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talent matches such a big subject, or if justice can do. Unfortunately, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman looking for a husband she loves. The only problem is that I saw Henry Fool and everyone looks incredibly out of character in this movie. You can say that this movie was written long after Henry Fool ended without the intention of continuing. Somehow the terrorist conspiracy feels comfortable attached by using Henry's books of beliefs like macguffin (in the Hitchcock sense). Fay's motivation to find Henry seemed to be motivated by pure conspiracy needs, rather than what is faithful to a fellow man like Henry's fool. I think I'm a bit disappointed in the movie because it's not true to the characters in Henry's fool and does not work like a direct thriller. Hartley's approach to such a big topic as terrorism is too ironic and anger. Something works and does not work at the same time. The only thing I could say would be to love or hate the film depending on your acceptance of Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry's Fool, be seriously warned for disappointment. For the rest, welcome the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy your ride.
