Fay Grim's face is a story of espionage and intrigue with a nod and a wink. As a sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mix of noir film and a hard sinful spil thriller that starts with a familiar smile and a big dose of laughter, and is as hot and hot as any movie I've seen this year. Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, the unknowing Mata Hari captured between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the dubious intentions of the CIA's enchanting opera. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is the commander of joke and sarcasm, in a role that seems to be adapted to his talents. It was never better. James Urbaniak is Fay's brother Simon, imprisoned, but known for his wild popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister brings fear of passion to avoid the torn nature of the spies who eventually filled the Fayan world. A Liam Aiken is a 14-year-old son of Fay. Although it may be redundant. Aiken's soft style is a remarkably "old soul" for someone of his age. The whole film is shot by the Dutch angle, the off-kilter style of the renowned Orson Welles and is mainly used in horror films and psychological thrillers to give a feeling of premonition. In Fay Grim, when we use this style from opening credits to closing, it is first interesting, deceptively tough. Just as the viewer begins to sink due to perfectly timed comedic elements and a hint of Hartley's brilliant screenplay, something happens. The film has a dark, but strangely pleasant turn, as these characters will become sympathetic to the spells. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama and the transition is masterful. Slow stimulus paves the way for breathtaking action, and we sink directly into the belief. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue, combined with amazing performances of a perfectly matched cast, featured an excellent cinematographic cocktail. He talked with the luxury of a person capable of writing, producing, directing, editing and even composing music. Hal Hartley created a clever, sexy story of spying with a tongue that was barely on the face. Fay Grim is one part of Dashiell Hammett, one part of Raymond Chandler and one part of Ian Fleming, shaking and maybe mixing.
