I'm deeply interested in this film, although it appears deliberately less "polished" than other Fred and Ginger films, not to mention the slightly problematic cast of Harriet Hillard in the main romantic role. <br /> <br /> Again with these films, the conspiracy is a minor result - Astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor (who will become a brilliant former hockey player, of course!) and Rogers is a desirable artist, a lonely day-and-dance music hall. Although their relationship is clear and fun, they are overwhelmed by the failure of Hilliard and Randolph Scott to have no chemistry found between them. Though it was the decision at the last minute, Hilliard was rather miscast in this while she does not have a presence on the screen to give this film what she needs despite being sweet and appealing throughout. The film could benefit in promoting a wiser world brass character, Lucille Ball, to a bigger role that just shone on every small scene, and would make Helen Broderick's great side by side with Rogers in this bright movie (Look at the "Stage Door" next year, as an example of gorgeous scenes between these two fantastic actresses). The fact that Scott's one-dimensional Neanderthal figure ultimately falls in love with Hilliard is even harder to believe than Astaire in the Navy! <br /> <br /> Now for an important part, singing and dancing: nothing more can be said about "Let's Face the Music and Dance" before it's brilliant and moving and perfectly done and often finish watching the scene with tears in the eyes . However, other songs in the film deserve some recognition; "I put all my eggs in one basket" is a beautiful example of Astaira and Rogers's comic instincts, and almost attempts to rumor that they fall into a spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dance. Other top themes are "I'd rather lead the band" and "Let Theself Go", which show how these two talents can act as brilliantly as they are together. I almost forgot to mention that it is one of the few (if not only) time we see Astaire playing brilliantly on the piano; It seems to me that this man's talent is endless! Overall, I prefer that "Top Hat" and "Swing Time" (although only) because it is more earthy and enthusiastic about everyone involved, it's hard not to like fun factor.
