Plot is never a strong place for Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follow the Fleet" scenario is extremely mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still performing well - they play Bake Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnerships ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their relationship of love and hatred creates fun comic moments. But for a lot of the film they took the back seat on the boring subplot about Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilg Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's favor with another woman, and the old schooner her father inherited Connie. Though Hilliard is rather charming, this conspiracy is unimportant. But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed by the Irving Berlin exceptional score, which gives the stars lots of chances to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We've seen the sea" and "I'd rather run a band." He sings singing and, of course, dancing electrified - and a sea suit makes him look a bit more boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let It Yourself Go" and later the solo tap-dance on the same melody. <br /> <br /> Three duets really saved the film, even though they are all exhausted on a fence with stupid excuses. Fred and Ginger win the dance competition by making an energetic routine for another "Let Yourself Go" play. Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early number test, and so she cries for a comic effect. Finally, the film will eventually find out how to get Fred and Ginger in the evening dress for a romantic duet - it's part of a show-in-the-show. The situation is fictional, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most cruel things Berlin has ever written (recalls Cole Porter), and the dance balances her in elegance. Quintessential Astaire of Rogers. <br /> <br /> It will be a crazy job if you take most of the dialogue sections "Watch the fleet" and in fact it is not necessary because the plot rarely drives music numbers. But I could watch the songs over and over again.
