If Hollywood is to be believed, being in the Navy is nothing but a bludge. Although seafarers can complain about the monotony of the ocean, it seems that their oceanic duties do not exist completely, and Fred Astaire somehow finds enough free time during the day to offer dance classes for the flotilla of romance. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film "Top Hat (1935)" completely ignored the Great Depression that brought America to its knees and presented the audience with the world of rich and famous; it was an optimistic view of the film about life that contributed to its success. Likewise, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and exhausting, instead replacing the duties of a sailor with the choice of catchy light musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke down after the latter rejected the marriage proposal. After Bake returns for several years in the navy, he finds Sherry as a dance hostess in an informal hall in San Francisco. While the two former lovers try to recapture and defeat, Sherry's girl, the sister of a music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, who looks quite nice) gets a complete makeover and tries to enchant the superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of the usual speculative comedic shenanigans, a few moments of mistaken identity, and even a merry trained monkey who stole every scene he's in. Especially fun is the scene in which Bake sabotages bankruptcy to create a window for her estranged girl; unfortunate for both of them is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks bicarbonate soda and loses her ability to sing. "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich led a couple. Irving Berlin has provided film music and lyrics, and every music number is fun and entertaining, though not as memorable as "Top Hat" (1935), "Swing Time (1936)" or "Shall We Dance (1937) is trying to get rid of her typical man of a rich man, without great success, but it is hard to imagine artists without a boyish carefree spell that could only accompany that he is very wealthy. The side character of the novels between Connie and Bilge works well with the brown two major stars, and Harriet Hilliard (with a brunette wig to avoid a collision with Ginger Blond Hair) has several emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee Behind me Satan," originally written for "Top Hat".
