Watch the fleet, RKO production in 1936, stars Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had many similar romantic films together, RKO helped them recreate a story that considers relevant situations to be incorporated into society at the time they were created. The Follow the Fleet relies heavily on the use of layer stories between two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. The overall story of the film revolves around Bake Baker, Sailor in the US Navy played by Fred Astaire and Sherry Martin, a former love and dance partner Bake, who is now a singer and dancer starring Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on the boat and his crew Bilge Smith finds a photo of two of his classmates and Bake reveals that he last saw her asking her to marry him, so Bilge suggests that they try to meet her when are on the ground in the hope of having a friend. The other main scene begins with the second plot of the film when Connie Martin, a Sherry sister, is denied entry into a paradise where her sister works unless accompanied by a gentleman. He turns around and finds Bilge behind with a drink bag, so he plays it as if waiting and buying paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her she's depressed because she can not be lucky to have Sherry to do with men, so Sherry suggests to get a man out of his friends while she performs on stage. Connie turns and re-enters the hall again and approaches Bilge, who is scary before his eyes. This is the second romantic tale between Bilge and Connie. During the rest of the film, the story and upward action are changing between the changes of comic reliefs with the difficulties of two couples that create several small and rising events in the total plot. Bake and Sherry hit him in their first moments together when they compete in a dance competition and eventually win and remind them of the success and joy they both have when they are together. Equally, Bilge is able to confuse Connie with her romantic efforts to please her and go to her house. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is soon followed by a disturbing action that brings upward action back. Before midnight, Sherry left Sherry the night before, and told her she'd come to her in the morning. Unfortunately, the ship faces the return of ships that shook Sherry and left her to think that Bake is still a typical sailor who is looking for a good time when he is on the ground. <br /> <br /> The mood is again changed when another subplot enters the movie when a "big shot party" appears on the ship. This alternative story is used to create a clue between the stories of two major film relationships, while helping build trust and love for Bake's overall good intentions. Party is interrupted by playing Biel and his companions when they manage to skip the rumors that they report on board the company. Ladies are interested and ask to hear them, and Pete likes to entertain with some dance that ultimately helps to brighten the mood of the film and also bring joy to sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the connected stories, Sherry tries to prove to Bake that he does not need his help when landing. Baker, however, does not realize he is going bankrupt, and comes with Sherry as he hears his friend in the studio when he talks about a remarkable bankruptcy. We bake that Sherry will help him handle the water, which can not sing it properly and destroy her bankruptcy. Besides Bake's mistake, Connie used all her money to repair the ship, hoping that Bilge would take over the captain. She also planned a remarkable dinner occasion to come, but Bilge was aware of his intentions and hopes that he soon got married and was not interested in it, so he set it up. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie continues in the same mini-rising and falling action format until it reaches the top point between the two couples and the end of the movie is the luck of both couples. The use of changing stories helps to build interest and emotion within each couple, as they deal with both happiness and pain in each of their struggles. Stranded stories are also capable of interconnecting each other, and also contain other unrelated subplots that help tell stories up to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless joint films that include romance, comedy, song and dance, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for two actors who successfully use subplot technique to help tell stories between two main characters.
