What a funny movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the navy. Astaire must take Ginger in San Francisco while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> It's sometimes argued, and I see why Scott's romance with Hilliard is useless and slows the conspiracy. Hilliard's songs of devotional love songs are particularly painful. I could sing without it, well enough, but I found romance more touching. Hilliard enters the film as a teacher of music, wearing glasses, without make-up and the dirtier clothing known to man or animal. No wonder Scott avoids her until she dresses sexually under the direction of her sister Ginger and Lucille Ball. The problem is that she looks like the same woman who is irretrievably simple as she did before, only with shiny clothing. It's pretty hard for a home guy. But at least a man can become wealthy and powerful and popular, then he can collect the woman the same, even though he looks like JoJo Dog-Faced Boy. But what does a bright-looking woman do? The same paths to romanticism are not accessible to her. Henry Kissinger had groups. Was it Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in culture as cruel as ours. As a kind of footnote, I have to mention that Randolph Scott was said to be bisexual Hollywood gossip, who needs some nonsense to chew, and it's a bit fun to have the next line in this movie when it comes home Hilliard - "Women do not care, sister. " The movie is likely to give Ginger Rogers more quality time than any other film with Astaire. And it's amazing. She is a beautiful, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script also gives her good comics. "Let's kiss and invent," Astaire suggests. "Just avoid," he says, "it will give you something to work on." It is also the only film she has shot with Astaire, who gives her solo during the series. (Choreography by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, who slides some Alku Seltzer or something into her water, and hits her number, burping is too inconvenient for time. <br /> <br /> A dancer, I make a terrible elephant of a circus, so my opinion must be considered amateur, but I think their joint dances are equivalent to any movie. Their first, during the "Let It Yourself Go" dance contest, is the wildlife of whatever I remember. And the only dramatic duet "Let's Face the Music and Dance" must be among their best. The final step in the exit is surprising. I like the movie for personal resonance reasons. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in the center of San Diego, next to the Seven Seas Seafood Shop. At that time, I was in uniform and was amazed at the care of the Marine careers of Astaire and Scott. I mean, we have this intricate musical comedy that owes absolutely to historical reality, yet, unlike most other teams, it also has its rewards. A jumping boat, Astaire calls for a "water taxi". I just took a water taxi to shore. Units are right for the period (as opposed to, say, you in "On the City"). And they are properly worn, hats down to two lace fingers above the eyebrows and not tilted back. And there are two cases where Astaire encounters a problem with naval authorities, and both are both of immense seriousness and faithfulness. The officer stops Astaire from guiding the jazz band during a tour and reports to the captain: "He played when the call was heard, sir. I'm sure no disrespect of discipline was intended." That's what the officer said - a good officer - and no one was out. The series was still a bit repetitive in the time of "Follow the Fleet" was made so that instead of making Fred into a tall company and a tuxedo instead of turning it into chewing gum. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are on the concept.
