As a huge fan of fantasy in general and especially by Neil Gaiman *, I look forward to this film so vividly and hungrily and with such a warmth of combinations of expectation and fear of disappointment that I barely believe she is finally here. And you know what? I do not have to worry, the movie version is amazing. They are different from the book, but in a good sense - less moody, comic, still deeply sweet and charming. Special effects are absolutely dirty and the magic feeling is a natural and correct part of the world of the wall without apparently spectacular and disturbing. <br /> <br /> Good attention has been paid to telling stories and cruisers, and casting in the main direction is triumph, with terrible princes such as "Who's Who" currently a great British comedy - Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain Glory, two blocks from Green Wing, etc.) stealing most of the best lines and almost all the funniest moments that exist in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, the only minor criticism I have in the whole movie is that comedic elements sometimes become a little OTT, fools disappear from the windows to lose the main story .... Ricky Gervais' cameo, for example, too much was "Ricky Gervais makes his usual David Brent of the Office comedy persona" for my taste, and in my opinion, he created an unwelcome and disturbing break from the magical spell of the advancing story (although in the justice, Ferdy character in the original book was quite "Ricky Gervais" - to ask when I remember it) .... But it is a tiny idea otherwise otherwise extraordinarily filled and scenario fairy tale with a good combination of events and romance. Charlie Cox, as protagonist Tristan, captures the right mix of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization that is needed for a story like the one where the "humble young boy has embarked on a life-changing search"; Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, fetish and just a little alien or ethereal, the perfect interpretation of her star role; Robert De Niro, in the debut that every recorder speaks, really deserves praise, thinks well (looks like he has a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cold and ugly as a bad witch Lamia, my favorite overall movie performance. If you enjoyed her deliciously white performance in the recent "Hairspray", you will also enjoy it. <br /> <br /> So drop this review: you will laugh, you will surely smile and even cry - Stardust is a beautiful, hearty fairytale for the whole family, with a golden heart and more moods than it is immediately apparent. One of my favorite films is a fantastic Princess Bride, and Stardust easily resembles this because it's very similar to a movie that explores similar themes and territories ... and just as the Princess Bride remains fresh, clever and entertaining twenty years after I believe that the delicious sweetness of Stardust will appear in the next few years as a favorite family on our televisions (or equivalent future devices!).
