Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood Premier Dance Team, were usually dressed in nine and intertwined with sophisticated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they go a little more downscale for this 1936 trip, the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time Astaire gives up his top hat, white ties and tails to become a bawling sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays dance guests Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before he entered. As a result, unlike the erroneous identities and romantic hesitations prevalent in most of their previous couples, there are already some of the film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who directed five of their pairs), the film has a narrative similarity to "Robert" of 1935, in which they are just one of two couples featured in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays another male lead in both films, this time as Bake's female crewmate, "Bilge" Smith. He is a partner with Irene Dunne (who of course refused this tracking), but Harriet Hilliard. He just married Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie and Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherry's sister Sister Connie, who is Bilge. In a silly plot, the make-up was made by a young blonde Lucille Ball blonde and in front of the mirror is a classic three-way shot by Hilliard, balls and cute Dolny Adorable Betty Grable. <br /> When we talk about the story, what's one is allotted to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor, and there's something like that ... Bake and Bilge are on vacation in San Francisco where they end up in the dance floor with their top colleagues. Peake finds Sherry, who works there, while Bilge goes to Connie first when she comes as a nasty conspirator and then appears as a glamor girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit steamer from their father, but they need the money to keep him out of the water. There is some misunderstanding in both relationships, but everything will be solved when the steamer turns to the theater and puts on the fundraising music review. It's about as stupid as it sounds, but it provides a good apology for some of Irving's unforgettable melodies in Berlin and the Astaire-Rogers trio. The first two are informal in tone - a dance competition to percolating "Let's Go" where they will be recklessly won and a physical ship comedy routinely set to the tip - by tapping "I put all my eggs in one basket". However, their latest dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece that is beautifully set to the stunning "Let's Face the Music and Dance" arrangement. Interestingly, this film contains not only the Astaire dance solo, but the only time Rogers has ever had a solo dance solo, a vigorous routine knock again set to Let It Yourself Go. She is dressed in creamy satin marine clothing and sings the same song most victoriously close to the beginning of the film. Astaire and Rogers are in this typically skilful comedy form. While Scott plays his role with his trademark rooster-eye masculinity, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former singer, she performs two Berlin love songs in a frustrating diffident way. Regardless, the charm generated by Astaire and Rogers in their main direction makes this vital observation. The DVD of 2005 has some great bonuses that begin with the thirteen minute featurette "Follow the Fleet: The Origin of Those Dancing Feet", about how Astaire and Rogers began to work together. There is also a live action "Sound" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra," a cartoon movie called "Let It Be Me" and original theater trailer.
