Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and disturbing study of life on a particularly terrible suburb of Vienna. It comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidel, who is devoted to documentary material. But does the film deviate from normal types and represent the characters that are best termed "extremes"? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely strange; some extremely malignant; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several stories of less episodes that intertwine from time to time, each of which follows several days during the weekend summer. Very few viewers come out of the movie to have fun? the intention is to point to many things that are right with people, to many diseases that harm our society in general. It's a thought-provoking film, and its conclusions are pretty scary as a whole. The nervous old widow fancy about her older cleaning lady and wants to make a striptease for him when he wore the clothes of his late wife. A night club dancer claims to be suffering from the jealous and violent behavior of his boy-racing friend. A couple grieving over their dead daughter can no longer communicate and seek comfort by having sex with other people. The unfortunate man behaves badly with his wife, but she forgives him again and again. The securities broker is desperately trying to find the culprit for some vandalism in the workplace, but eventually chooses an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman still leads with strangers and insults them until she throws her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters converge within a few days during intense summer waves. <br /> <br /> The desperation in the movie is tangible. Many scenes are characterized by long, unpleasant silences, which are twice as effective as the whole process of dialogue. Then there are other scenes during which dialogs and events on the screen are left winding. Especially the scene during which the security salesman leaves a woman's climb to the mercy of a revengeful boy - being beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately all outside the screen) for some vandalism she has not done - causes a sour, almost angry taste. In another scene, a man has a lighted candle hidden in the back and is forced to sing a national anthem in a gun as part of his punishment for being uncomfortable for his wife. Whilst we might want to cheer up the arrival of this criminals, we are also left with the wary and wretched nature of his punishment. Such sharp contrasts could work as a summary of the whole movie - every moment of conscience is balanced with a cold moment. Every trace of hope is suppressed by a sense of despair. For each character you want or feel compassion is another that only encourages anger and hatred. Maybe we would like to turn away from Hundstage, forgive it as an exercise in suffering, but also show some inconvenient truths, and for that we should be pleased.
