There is something special about Austrian films not only by Seidel, but also by Spielmann and other directors. This is the perfect feeling of reality that will never leave the viewer all over the film. Hundstage is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the shown stories but also by the actors who play. At Hundstage, I never felt that these players were playing, but real people instead. So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer ... Almost as if the worst retired or lonely lady in the movie lives under you in your block. Every person living in Vienna can undoubtedly painfully recognize the people in the film with their meckern / sudern (complaining), their hidden sexual urgency, and prolo macho boys. This is further reinforced by the Viennese dialect, which according to many of them is especially designed for the complaint as a way of life. The special parochialism and arrogance typical of Vienna are also very well illustrated. The Vienna suburbs have a lively presence in the film with their stupidity and sleepiness where nothing will happen. In addition, they became a celebration of materialism with shopping centers and huge department stores. Among them are houses of people where they do what they consider to be joyful activities, trying to stay in touch with their human self, but in vain. Examples are the sexual game of old ladies with men who are bordering on rape, prolo guy loses nerves and hitting his girlfriend and young woman who traces and irritates her driver. The movie has no sound because it focuses only on the normal / abnormalities of its images. Another typical feature of Seidel (and other Austrian directors) is his portrayal of disturbingly sexual images. These include the exclusion of an old woman for her husband, sexual scenes in a bath, the sexual play of ladies with two men in her apartment, etc. In Hundstage, Seild portrays the lives of people who eventually can be as Viennese as citizens of Paris, New York or Madrid. The viewers should not despise or feel sorry for the Viennese in the film, as they may become victims of the same alienation and alienation of the human being, although under other circumstances. Finally, I believe Seidl's film warns us of the terrible state of human relationships so brutally revealed in Hundstage. And if the viewer is not subject to the reasons for this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved his goal.
