This film must be considered one of the most disturbing and arresting films over the years. It is one of the few films, perhaps the only one that actually made me tremors: not even the fact that Pasolini Salo, to which this film carries a comparison, has influenced me so much. I saw echoes in the film from directors such as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself what it was about the movie that made me feel like me? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror film, but one who rejects or even reversed the conventions of this genre. Usually horror films become horrible and frightening things, but on the edge of a civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, cemeteries, rocks, etc. This treatment of this subject in horror is, in my view, some kind of defensive mechanism, the principle of darkness and opacity acting as a kind of projective space for the aspirations and concerns of the viewer. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror film; it takes place in a completely normal society, so it does not deal with the horror movie history. But what you see is the relocation of some key thematic themes from the horror genre, especially in terms of the body and its violation, the phase of fear and torture that can be done. What Seidl does is to use the setting of a medium-class day-to-day society as a scene where repeated play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and breach of confidentiality and integrity is transmitted: precisely those topics that you might find in horror but exposed to the principle of light and transparency , which does not escape. It is within this shift that the power of Seidel's film is based. Hundstage deals with these issues as a function of everyday life, showing them in repetitive repetitions, rather than as limbs and catharsis - the movement you would encounter in the horror genre. An important reference point is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way to mix political with personal, tactical melodrams that allowed him to seriously and even morally address political issues such as racism, domination, desire, property issues, sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism, Seidl's tactic of creating the mechanisms of everyday society is the subject of his film, which is in close proximity to Fassbinder; like this German ally, has a certain political vision of society that he feels it is his duty to present in his films. During a seminar at the Göteborg Film Festival this year, when Seidl was guest, he was asked why he should have so many cases of broken, subdued women in Hundstage, but no women who defended themselves and liberated themselves. Seidl replied that some may consider him immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be immoral if he did not show it. Artistic expression as good as I think, I think. Thank you.
