This afternoon we drove children to the cinema and saw Neil Gaimans Stardust, and all I can say is Wow. It's rare that I'm totally surprised with anything but it's maybe the biggest fantasy movie I've ever seen, maybe the best film of all sorts and it's all Neil Gaiman's fault. <br /> <br /> Sure, I could have sucked in a wonderful dialogue that was smart, smooth and fluid Charlie Cox is perfect like Tristan, Claire Daines is brilliant as Yvaine and Robert Di Nero almost steal the film as deeply rooted. Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> The pure joy brought by the humor that we managed to laugh at our Loud humorous, intelligent enough to make the first Shrek look like the 80s Sitcom and perfectly combined with it. the rest of the movie itself would make a great movie. <br /> <br /> Special effects were almost perfect, but it was not LOTR or Star Wars SF Extravaganza, but where they were used, exactly what was required was not too much to turn you away from film and blended perfectly into the story. <br /> <br /> Then there's a story? What can I say? How often do you come across a story that contains all the classic fairytale ingredients that are not just as another cheap Princess Bride Knockoff. It manages to be Known and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time. Any of these things would make it out of a good movie, it all makes it a great movie, but they are pale compared to the rich glamorous world that combines these elements to feed well. Again, Neil Gaiman did it, he put another dagger in my heart by creating a world of fantasy that is so beautiful and charming that I would do almost anything that lived in him, and he only briefly spotted me. I did not want it to end, I wanted to swim in Stormhold and meet Tristan and Yvain personally, tour the fields and the valleys, go through their marketplaces, meet the dangerous and dangerous residents and stay there forever. It's a feeling I noticed whenever I read something Gaiman, Sandman, Americans Gods, Coraline left me with a deep sense of sadness when I read it because it was over, I no longer saw the worlds he created that seemed to be much more alive and livelier than the one I am forced to live and watch Stardust, was no different. Finally, I'm sure Neil's writing and this movie will not have the same effect on everyone, but trust me when I say you will not regret the time or money spent watching this movie, it's easy one of the first 5 movies I've ever seen, and I can guarantee that someone at least will at least like the soul.
