The power of dreaming is a wonderful thing. There is a saying: "Not all dreamers, but everyone who jumps, dreams." By exploring our imagination, we shape our own future. Or build an empire. We may overcome our concerns, constraints and obstacles. Gain wisdom and benefit mankind. Or just find a way to true love and happiness. Freud could express these symbols. Fantasy language. <br /> <br /> Tristan escapes from the rather twee English village called Wall. It goes through a wall break. Portal. In search of something that makes her love for Victoria (Sienna Miller). Victoria takes it very seriously. So he pledged to return the fallen star. Stormhold is a world outside the wall. She finds out that the fallen star is like a beautiful girl, Yvaine (Claire Danes). To complicate matters, three wicked witches want to get Yvaine. If they are able to eat their hearts, they will supplement their youth. (One of the witches plays Michelle Pfeiffer, who makes wonderful young old transformations of appearance and way.) The "good boy" they meet is Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro). She has a violent pirate exterior, but she is the queen of a gorgeous wardrobe beneath him. In the meantime, the heirs of Stormholde are involved in the battle of the kingdom's heritage. Ricky Gervais is an add-on. He enjoys a merchant who fits the standard gervais gags well. Tristan's purity of spirit will bring love to Yvaine, so it's a nice little triangle. Until she reaches maturity, she decides to divide the pedestal from real women. <br /> <br /> Stardust is a full-fledged fantasy that gives credit to its stars. It's totally positive and written with clarity, which makes it better for psychoanalysis to fill Harry Potter. Production values ​​compete with Hollywood and the story is free of racial stereotypes, misogynistic, religious or class agendas rather than what's going on and making so many fantasies. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that Stardust is without its defects. Plot and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the quality of a fairy tale can be too sacred for some audiences. But if you want an excuse to let your heart fly, this film can provide it. As a boy, I remember listening to the Moody Blues albums (who were practicing in a house not far from where I lived). They made records of titles such as "Finding the Lost Chorus," and wrote texts like "Thinking is the best way to travel." Fill your head with books of magic and secrets, from Timothy Leary to Aleister Crowley. Dreaming. You will learn to be real. Nowadays, people could talk about NLP or about positive thinking. Adults who remember how to bind the strength of youth, but with vision and the application of maturity. Still enjoying this feeling? <br /> <br /> It is recommended that you do not expect Stardust on DVD. Check out the largest cinema screen you can find. And Dolby Digital Surround Sound if you can. The actors look like they have a ball. Maybe you will.
