Just as I like great epic pictures - I'll save you a name tag - it's great that it sometimes kicks off with a few beers and simple actions. Movies where the site is held back by the rear seats. Films where dialogue is not so cleverly written that it links together in the endless nodes of purple prose. There are POINTS of movies that fit in your account ... but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the better ones. It's a movie update that shares its name. It also shares the ethos of the picture, but it is not the execution. Whatever was great with origin was simplified. Whatever has been simplified, it has also been boosted by a larger budget. Often these are the recipes for a complete disaster - seeing the miserable remake of Italian work for the one who fired it - but thanks to the acting cast of most outstanding actors, sixty. <br /> <br /> The plot and much of the dialogue is not about writing IMDb. You will often have scenes where the same dialogue line will move between the actors, each of which will vote with different perceptions. Many people found it unpleasant; I find that a smile rises. Each actor has an opportunity to show his style definition, and Cage, Jolie and Duvall are obviously leading a package (and one must realize that it's also fun to see that Mrs. Pitt does not provide the first billing here). The chemistry between good ol 'Saint Nick dear (see revision date) and Angelina leads to a couple of nice moments. The villain is not a bit scary - I've seen Chris Eccleston play a hard guy's roles before I know he can handle them, but I think he was deliberately directed to make his role insignificant not to turn away from the action. We know that the heroes will somehow succeed; we just sat in a car with them, enjoying a ride. I think a lot of these scenes were played with the language so far that it was over the heads of many people who gave this bad rating. In fact, I would not mean a fourth-wall splitter on the camera: it's just such a movie. This style and not so much stuff - something that often exhausts my patience if she did not * so * - would be worthless if the action was not there. And for the most part it is. Great. I noticed that it seems to be a common trend to use these days the rapid cutting of extreme close-ups. I personally consider this thing exhausting. I prefer such films where stunt games are so impressive that they do not need artificial tensile stress by suffering tight shots all the time. I was told that Cage actually did as many automotive stuntmen as he could escape without losing insurance (in real life I mean - his figure obviously does not care) and it shows. This person can actually move the vehicle and it is well utilized in the slowly-burning climatic finale, where Mustang drives into the land in the most unusual - and FUN - possible. <br /> <br /> So yes, this movie is not an "epic, life-confirming post-9/11 image with a mandatory social commentary" effort. Stimulation is uneven, some scenes may be truncated, and not all actors pull the line. But car films rarely come better than this. So if you hate cars ... why did you even read these comments ?! <br /> <br /> I'll take it for a number of iterations "The Flaccid And The Tedious" every day. 7/10
