To make it short and not destroy everything, it's a movie about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief that slows down a large supply of stolen cars (a total of 50). He is then threatened to be killed by a man who has given him "order". The goal is to steal 50 cars in three days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), the "abortive" deceased, and Kip's brother and a few Randall's friends. As you can see, it is the same old, big brother needs to get lil 'bro' out of the trouble of the routine and of course Randall is the best thief he ever was. Of course, as with all other films, there are also some obstacles and surprises you would never think, but sometimes it's also predictable, so the story is nothing new. <br /> <br /> Now you are probably asking why it's about 51 times HOT STUFF, since only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars are stolen. Another hot spot of this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie) (which will be a big STAR (believe me))). She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft but it is also quite hot. OK is not hot as in nice but hot as in a damn cold and sexy. She was very believable in this role, probably because she is also a wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography), and make sure you make sure for yourself a sexy part. I just know that she's playing the type of girl I like in this movie because it's not very traditional, a little alternative, and even a tattoo. watching this movie was that there was not much action, there is one completely unrealistic scene, the story is fine and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after I've seen the whole movie, I have to say WHAT YOU ARE YOU. Why I have to say it well, because it was still fun; he had a couple of cool car chases; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where a combination of music and actors makes your eyes wet); good actors who have all done their work; nice cars; one cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I think Mrs. Jolie) and, last but not least, very nice and cool tools that support cars. So some here, but still a good and fun movie. The best way to describe this movie is that it's overall a cool movie? as for Nicolas Cage, all right? He is actually one of my favorite actors in the action genre, after such good films as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. And what has the actor have so many good action / thrillers in recent years and such a successful one? No nobody !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but it's also my favorite. One thing that is true, though, about Mr Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they are getting worse. Rock, it was bright 9, Con air was nice 8 and it's okay, it's clearly 7. Not that this badge is bad. Does not that mean that Bruckheimer's movies are getting worse and maybe Cage must think longer than he takes on a role in the movie and probably make a few movies? No, it does not show us, because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in the last few years, with the exception of 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but it's never been a Cage bug and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about the last movie because I have not seen it yet. One thing, though I know for sure, if Bruckheimer asked me for these three movies, I would tell them all. I would say yes to Rock, because the story was great and because you would play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say Con Air, because there will be a lot of action, because the story is good and because you have to deal with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. I had a star in that because I would get a big paycheck, I could run some cool and fast cars and because I could kiss Angelina Jolie (you can not wait to see her in Lara Croft outfit). This was a good choice for Mr. Cage and it is definitely worth seeing in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
