Well, this was certainly a surprising episode. In this anthology of the science fiction series, with all these strange creatures, extraordinary events, and many cards of the future, this episode would certainly be considered unusual. Its seemingly insignificant settings obviously do not provide any morale at the end of the story. Or yes? Kick off with a silent film form, without a recorded dialogue, but with a musical accompaniment. In this case, it's on a soundtrack that does not use to play the organ or piano with a visible musician. This part of the episode, along with the end part, also uses liberally the title cards as well as the "old films". While the titles are a bit exaggerated and exaggerated, they are done so intentionally and with affection rather than any contempt for the Silent Film. Director of the veteran comedy film, Norman Z. McLeod, was the man in the presidency of this half-hour installment. He has been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, featuring people like Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kay. He was no stranger on television because he did a lot of work in television series. It does not seem to have worked together with Mr. Keaton together (because I can not find any evidence), but according to the film's result they managed to make flying colors! Everyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a great comedy director, as well as a comedic player. He was just as comfortable with the camera as he was in front of him. Their short partnerships had to be harmonious, with "giving and taking" how to do things. Obviously, many of the gags were Keaton's, resurrected from his own days of Silent Picture Days. For example, gag inserting a pair of pants with Rollo (Stanley Adams assistance was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, GARAGE (1919) .His was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell. Buster knew that we were filming our world with a camera, a two-dimensional picture, which is at the bottom of so many gags of the film. Cast was small, and once again just a tiller full of talent Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as a direct Man of Mr. Keaton Jesse White, old Maytag Repair Man, who is about to handle "Time HJelmet" Gil Lamb, a quiet veteran of a number of short comedies RKO, was Cop 1890. James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons Pretty <br /> <br /> No beans, let's say yes, there is probably a lesson that can be learned here. "The grass always looks green on the other side of the fence!", and so: "Be careful in what you ask, because you can only do it get you! "
