This is a clever episode of the TWILIGHT ZONE, which was rather funny than weird or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, an officer from 1890 America, working in a laboratory. He is constantly bothering about life issues around him: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unknown!). He always screams at crazy speeds (on bicycles - cars have not yet appeared). Grips to the end, seeing a scientific helmet as a device, standing up and testing it. Suddenly it is in modern America. The beginning was a seven minute silent film. Now there is all the noise, everyone is talking, everyone is beeping, everyone is blowing. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He goes to Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan dates back to the 1890s (mentions President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in this charming, quiet age. Helps Mulligan repair the helmet and returns in time. Rollo gets bored after a while because of the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan brings the helmet to him and sends him to the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet and simple age he lives in. He found himself with satisfaction. During the last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has been on television (many times for Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA, where he could help make visual tricks in public). He also made several films (most notably the FUNNY thing that went on the way to FORUM and RAILRODDER). But he occasionally appeared in television games and episodes. He is in his element here, probably advising the director (old comic film director Norman McLeod - he directed Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he could do. Look at Stanley Adams and he's time when Adams chooses him to catch the pants he needs. As for the timing, reminds one of the gag he made in the 20's in SHERLOCK JR. The episode will show Keaton a great fetus for men in his sixties. Jesse White (here as a repairer of all things) is always welcome. But look a little at Professor Rollo. Stanley Adams has been a prominent figure in movies and television from the 1950s to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with a stubborn look and heavy, growing voice, was his best-known dramatic role as a wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM FOR DANGEROUS (Anthony Quinn being a wrestler in costume like Indian). His most famous TV appearance was as a space trader who introduced the Starship Enterprise crew in STAR TREK to the hairy, fertile small creatures of "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams has always remembered (like Jesse White and certainly like Keaton), which has improved most of the productions he has appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was the sad end of the first artist.
