Cosimo (Luis Guzman) will end up in jail for car burglaries and there is a plan for a perfect robbery from jail in prison; so he must quickly get out of jail. She tells her friend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will spend time in prison for some money. But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crime, and yet it seems that everyone knows the person who does it. Early bad boxer Pero Mahalović (Sam Rockwell) will find details of this so-called "Perfect Work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not want to watch the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for yourself, about four people are trying to make money from the vault in one house. Everyone gave their part of the brilliance of this film. A great film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito, and George Clooney. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this movie is just a comedy, it's not fair. That's more than that. Because of one difference. All thieves in this movie have a very little wish when they are asked: what will they do with their money? It usually ensures their future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of these criminals. And not only them, but also cop Babitch, who is presented as spoiled; so here directors of Russo are the fact that criminals and cops are the same. In fact, they are all in Collinwood; and not only in Collinwood, will cause all people to make money, whether legally or illegally. I do not like the fact that all the movies are finally like the audience and encourages thieves. But this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with her little child and wife in jail. This with his trousers. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is fucking!" and all others. They are the same characters as my favorite comedian, Alan Ford. Everybody is trying to make money, but they are simply not lucky. But they all did one good thing: they gave Riley money to get his wife out of jail. They are all the heroes in my eyes because a lot of "honest" people would not do it.
