When I first watched the film at the age of 14, I remember being hit by the first time I heard the word "govno" (sh * t) on the then Soviet TV broadcast (I bet it was * for the first time in history? add this section of trivia? :) ... What open courage and freedom, I thought! After years, more and more acts of film and incredible acting have passed, but my feelings have changed into a mix of enjoyment of true cinematographic art and bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposed to my 14-yo. Impression: helplessness. Throughout the film, the air of inevitable disasters, the primitive degenerate tide (embodied by Sharikov), which swept the lives of the finest minds that promote humanity in their regions ... It is a great metaphor of the Russian Revolution, generally inspired by intellectuals who are ashamed of their superiority and hope that they "upgraded" the lower classes only to release the power of mediocrity and devour it ... A very gentle and talented piece, wrapping a really sad idea in a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself meant the end of the Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood wave of the tsunami took them. as it seems, judging by most of the current Russian films (most of them are referred to as "blockbusters" in prerelease !!! and stories and posters :). Funny that the episode "govno" is in no way contradictory on Efenstor's comment on the tongue of the current generation ... From what I have said, it might seem like it could be a movie that showed the way to it but it was not it. The moderate word according to the current standards was too rough at that time and it was gross enough to show the true nature of all Shariks ... BTW, Efenstor's lament, is so naive that he is intellectual alongside and uses a crude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where one cussword might have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I regret that ALL meanings in today's teenager's interview can be expressed as cussels. I feel that this is a bigger problem than their choice of media that is most effective for the job :) But this movie and book are great food for thoughts that could change them or anyone who could have the luxury of watching.
