OK here is how I do it. I'm rating movies on 10 parts. Each part will of course start with 5 points. Then he can lose or get 5 points for a possible 10 or 0. Mood: Action, Romance, Comedy, Drama, Conclusion - I give this folder 10 points. She had the perfect balance of all five aspects. This action was fun and she stepped out. Romance was not exaggerated, but still very emotional and moving. Throughout the movie, I laughed for a long time and I was still fascinated by a fantastic track and riotous tension. Plot - I give this folder 10 points. I thought all the good stories had been told. I found my own, sat in the theater, returned to my childhood and at that moment I once again believed in unicorns, evil witches and falling stars who make dreams. Cinema Photography - I give this part 8 points. While the films captured the story very well in most angles, I found out that I was trying to find out more than once what happened just behind the camera. FX - I give this component 10 points. I love using C.G.I. sparingly. Epic scenes were plausible. The magical powers were terribly realistic. Everything is little more and more has it all! Cast - I give this folder 10 points. No names and experienced actors alike, the cast was amazing! Michelle Pfeiffer was great, Charlie Cox made Tristan a revival, Claire Danes gave emotions to the stars, and I never look and Robert De Niro did the same again. Appearances - I give this folder 10 points. Even novices have played their roles in perfection. Once again, I never look and Robert De Niro is the same. <br /> <br /> Character Development - I give this folder 9 points. That's a little hurt, and I think if the movie was a little longer, they could do a bit better. Dialog - I give this folder 10 points. The dialogue was smart, funny, fun? even he must have a good dialogue. <br /> <br /> Score - I give this folder 7 points. I sincerely remember only one small piece of music from the whole movie. I'm not complaining that music can be much more memorable. End - I give this folder 9 points. Almost perfect ending! I feel that some aspects of the end should be more pronounced, while others might be more subdued, but no fibers have been left untied. Total: 93% Buy DVD? HEL YES! Do you see it in the Theater? Definitely! Bottom Line: Excellent movie for everyone! EPIC! I strongly recommend that I see it in the theater, I know I'll be back for a few seconds!
