This film (and yes, it's a film - it was shot as a two-story, but both parts together went down for just over two hours) is one of the unspoken masterpieces of world cinema. A very well-thought-out and yet absolutely wild statement of the Soviet regime and the type of person that flourished on it is a faithful adaptation of the long-forbidden eponymous book by Mikhail Bulgakov. The sets are flawless, and the director made a brilliant decision to film in a monochrome sepia and give a sense of authenticity when the extinct color incarnation of the late 1980s destroyed the film. I will not say too much about the conspiracy that the spectator itself deserves, but the performances are the true material of the Oscar; Special mention comes to E. Evstigneiev, who plays an old professor with such presence, gravity and kind wisdom, that hardly word or gesture eventually steals every scene in which he is. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov, who plays the terrifying perfection of V. Tolokonnikov, is a much more frightening figure than Hannibal Lecter, because not only exists in real life - the whole country is run by men like him in history, with all that's going on . <br /> <br /> Although it is a socio-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, although dark - there are many direct comedies that did not laugh like this movie. What's more, when you laugh at this film, the feeling is not just one of fun, it's from understanding and agreement, which is always a plus. There is hardly a complaint I have with this film - the only slight defect is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery that I sometimes captured from "enlightened" characters. But that's a minor mistake. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film seems to have been bypassed by Western licensing companies. It is a shameful shame that one of the best films in the world lives in a fresh and untranslatable way (which should not be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily disappear in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to everyone). While we are waiting with the fingers crossed out for the Criterion version, I think of myself about creating English subtitles. See how it works.
