Okay, after reading a few Atlantis reviews: The Lost Empire, I just want to clarify some misunderstanding about being cut off directly by Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water. The only part that Nadia was ripped off is that Nadia's pendant and Atlantis pendant bear so many comments as to its use, origin, and how it is made from the source of life that there is no doubt that it is copied. If you wanted to think about how Kid and Nadia dressed the same way, you could do it against Disney (it was Nadia and Kid a little crazy to wear bikini clothes in a science fiction adventure, not to mention a similar style) . As an anime fan, I have to agree with some degree of copying, but it's only a small detail, and although many of them are not original (such as Laputa's cryptographic design, an ancient mask from Princess Mononoke, a commemoration of Garfish submarines in Nadja, ). The conspiracy itself feels it's very original and it's absolutely amazing that Disney can pull it off without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character in the Jule Verne 20k Sea contest, which is also the main figure in the Nadja). As for Mylo and Jean with similar glasses ... As shown in the novel "Lord of the Fly", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think that Mylo, Jean, Stargate's main character and the twelve other "INTELLIGENT" characters would look a little inappropriate for this role if they went without the glasses. As for submarines and how they fight submarines (with those wide torpedoes that really resemble what Nautilius does), I want to say that this is the required element for one if Atlantis is involved in a conspiracy (after all it's a sunken city under water). As for the crew that has some distinctive similarity with the Nautilus crew in the Nadja, it may be a work of art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement because the personality of the character was perfectly original to me. As an anime fan who named Nadia the best anime I've ever seen today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw a preview. But now that I was watching the movie, I once again gained my trust with Disney and had hope for their future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie without shaking me at the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it's plus that they have revised their hidden scripts to make it even better. It's also amazing that they actually portray bad guys looking normal, so it's too bad at the beginning (I was wondering who are bad and just a blond girl resembles the look of a bad character as to how Disney draws it for the bad guys look like really terrible)
