The film "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a glowing gem in the film detours produced by Disney Studios recently. Parents who had to sit through the book "Jungle Book 2" or even the Pokemon movie will surely appreciate this movie. The film is one of the few to try the original story; previous feature films were just descriptions of existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Nemo Search" and "Monsters Inc." they do the same, but it should be noted that they were all manufactured by Pixar and distributed only by Disney. Recent films by Disney Studios are mostly released directly to the video and are a continuation of a successful film. The quality of these films is due to profitability. The new era began with "Atlantis" after "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch" and the last "Open Range". Writers have created all original story lines instead of past fairy tales. A good part of the film is devoted to searching Atlantis, a task that has captured the imagination of many people for hundreds of years. Including that young Milo Thatch, who was Michael J. Fox. You Dokon course Applied to The Thread, in the Innovativestro Dokonal course TM contributed volume position oriented to who functioned with Bai body. It was considered a waste of his peers and wished that Milo would not follow his footsteps. After failing to convince the museum management board to sponsor his expedition, Milo comes home and finds a woman in his darkened apartment. She takes him to the employer, Mr. Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather and wants to send Mil to the team to find Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very rich and paid for the best of all. The crew to accompany him is the same as his grandfather. The road is full of many great obstacles that have to be overcome and are a great fun to watch. The viewer finds out if they get to Atlantis. The plot after the discovery of Atlantis appears unexpectedly, not only by the discovery of people. Just keep the interest of the older audience. <br /> <br /> Animators did a great job at the depth of animation. The movie is very successful in mixing traditional animation with computer-generated images. Success is not easily achievable, most viewers quickly notice the difference in the two. Characters are credibly human. There are some nice scenes of the type of pursuit that are done with lots of actions. Several tranquility is filled with jokes that children may not get. Writers' creativity really shines. The Atlantis culture is richly developed, including the entire language. The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources such as Plato. The disappearance of Atlantis from the world is explained. Believers, if the younger audience, the magic really exists. The forces of Atlanta people are not exactly presented as magic, but they can best be described in this way. Although technology was used in 1914, it is unrealistic. The voyage is in a submarine that reminds us of the sea captain Nemo, complemented by washers that torpedoes burn. Huge trenches are powered by steam boilers, so they were attempting an era technology. Female characters are empowered so that women of the age are not in the role of leadership. That's not a bad thing. It gives a good pattern for my daughter to look, rather than all male cast. One of the reasons why this movie is my favorite among other Disney movies is that there is no single song at all. Tradition, which began with the first feature film "Snow White", and continued to "The Lion King", almost every Disney movie is full of exciting songs. Is it great and everything that the seven dwarves would have been without "Hi HO!"? For a million times, it will almost be better without, but this will save parents. Never one person on the screen suddenly realizes the words on a song that no one has ever heard before and did not fall in the song. I'm grateful for one. The story and depth of animation will surely retain the attention of both parents and children. It's a movie I'm willing to watch over and over again with the kids.
