Disney, the name of a film that once held all innocent and appropriate things for all ages, finally realized that to survive it must grow. This diversity has been very noticeable in recent years. Films such as "Tarzan" and "Emperor's New Groove" have attempted to diverge from the traditional singing of the Disney past routine and into a new, uncharted territory. "Atlantis" is the most important step, but we must remember: this is still Disney. The first serious film that came out of Disney's animation studio is a great success for them - in fact, it's so serious that it's coming to the PG territory. Maybe why many families were terrified of seeing it last summer. But despite the mature theme, it's still a film that Disney wanted to draw in families, not just a mature audience, so the plot must be simple enough to understand children, but they were interesting enough to take it from Little Mermaid and others. So what we have is actually a potentially detailed plot, unfortunately suffering from a condensation blow to a 96-minute film. Eventually it's an action movie about Atlantis, not the exposure that precedes it, so we've jumped for the first hour and half an hour with so many sequences bombarding the screen as possible without losing coherence. Stop your disbelief as the characters get from point A to point B so fast that it's unlikely you'll find an animated movie that comes out of Hollywood! If you want epic levels of detail to get into the plot, contact James Cameron's "Titanic." Both films contain the ship in some way. Let's talk about love, right? Yes, as with many films, the lead men (one Milo Thatch, a burgeoning archaeologist) and the lead woman (Kida, a cliché of the Atlanta princess) are supposed to fall in love with each other. But what I found was not as cliché as I expected. At the end of the movie, the characters touching / feeling / kissing listened much more mildly. There are different points in the movie where the attraction grows, but it's just not on the pitch, let's say "Little Mermaid" (Good Thing). You may have realized that it is a cliché movie. Fix. You have your front hero and a heroine that has supported more than half a dozen crew members who went on an expedition and they all got their moments in the movie. A number of other characters are displayed, it takes several minutes for the screen to disappear. Does not this genius do to math? A 96-minute film with a focus on action and visual performance, and with considerable occupancy, has very little time for the characters to expand substantially. So what does it rely on? Cliché and many of them. Each character imitates something that has been done a thousand times before. Do you have a crushed scientist, an attractive princess, a colonel with jaws, a rich eccentric, a maniacal sleazyeb, a Russian femme fatale? I have to go on? <br /> <br /> I do not know why did anyone get it? I've found that this movie is very funny. Well, this is going to be a serious move, but do you really expect Disney to give up all the features of their history? At least the writers have tried to come up with a consistent witty dialogue and sometimes it even inspires a bit. But in the end, there are the great stunning visuals that give the ice cake. CGI animation is really awesome in places, not dwarf characters, which was the mistake that left the recent "Titan A.E." down. Speaking of characters, Disney hired an external comic artist to create designs and bring anime style into the movie. Infact visual presentation of the film as a whole owes much anime, much more than any other Disney trip. This resulted in a conflict with fans of the Japanese anime, "Nadia", for the overall similarity of the film to that series of cartoons. I have not seen this anime, I can not comment. The picture is a sound. Gary Rydstrom is the leading sound team and what soundtrack! From the opening shot, the sound is lively and it's healing. James Newton Howard treats us with a dynamic musical score that compresses the movie in all directions, never sounding in place and always helping to build tension or conquer it. Perhaps I missed what the creators were thinking. For me, the film tells me it's an adventurous ride, though with a more serious tone than any Disney movie before it. If you do not like posture clichés in the face, perhaps you will be pleased with the effort that has been excluded in visual form. Heck, at least mythology is much more correct than can be said about other Disney efforts (* cough * Hercules * cough *). This is a positive 10 of 10 reviews from someone who was blown away. Have I always paused my infidelity with any animated film? after all, the real world laws are more than often broken in the cartoon of the media. So sit back, enjoy the ride, and maybe everyone will find something you can enjoy about this movie.
