Military training films are becoming so frequent that they become a genre for themselves. Among the most prominent we have, Officer and Gentlemen, "Top Gun", "GI Jane" and now "Men of Honor". The fact that this fact has become reality does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This movie is probably the most similar to "GI Jane" because it focuses on the desegregation angle. The story is really quite inspiring and is probably the best human story among the ones mentioned above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is undoubtedly a man with great courage and the principle and his strength of the figure clearly shines in this film. Unfortunately, director George Tillman has a tunnel vision in character presentation and avoids the development of figures of characters other than Brashear, in favor of Brashear pointing out in constant adversity. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central character, and we do not know much about it except for the initial scene, fistfight and several scenes with his wife. Brashear, for example, sees the scars in Sunday's hands and we assume it worked like a plow, but there is no further observation at this point. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) gets only one short scene that we can judge. The remaining time on the screen shows him as he moves around. If the director is going to make a story of human interest, he needs to humanize characters. Cuba Gooding Jr. gives excellent performance as Brashear. That's probably the best I've ever seen. This is the role and character that is much better than any part he has previously played, and he has risen to this occasion. In "Jerry Maguire", Rod Tidwell was a fascinating but one-dimensional character with the depth of a rain pool. Brashear is much more complex and confident, and the problems it faces are the crisis, which makes this part much more challenging. This is an excellent recovery from Gooding's latest role in "Chill Factor," which is such a terrible film that it was almost a professional suicide that succeeded in getting its role. After the stint tries his hand as a comic ("Analyze This", "Adventures Rocky & Bullwinkle", "Meet the Parents"), Robert DeNiro has returned to his dramatic roots with outstanding performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedian, he is such a great dramatic actor who seems to not waste time making a comedy. DeNiro congratulates Billy Sunday with a rock-hard personality who tortures a tortured soul. It is a pleasure to see how it works. <br /> <br /> It seems that every movie I have recently seen is Charlize Theron. I saw `` Legends of Bagger Vance '', 'Men of Honor' and 'Yards' in a row, and I began to wonder if she was involved in every film in 2000 (actually it did only five). It was a small role for Theron, but she did it well and managed to stay with DeNiro step by step. David Keith, who starred with Richard Gare in "Officer and Master", has an acting actress here. The DVD has some interesting special features, including the reflections of the real Carl Brashear and some erased scenes. <br /> <br /> I liked the movie even though it was a hackneyed fence and a one-dimensional presentation. I rated her 7/10. I'm a fool for telling stories and I'm interested in stories where the power of character is a central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two unforgettable actor performances that compensate for some shortcomings of the director.
