After watching two of his silent short films, "Elena and her Men (1956)" is my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir and I liked it. However, I did not see a movie for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? at the age of 41? still radiating unrivaled beauty, elegance and spell. In the early 1950s, following her scandalous marriage with Italian Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public favor. Her next five films directed by her husband were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that the latest version of Renoir had little to raise Bergman's popularity with an English-speaking audience (she nevertheless gained her former success with Oscar in the same year ' She performs as Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who looks at her as a guardian angel, brings success and recognition to all promising men before leaving them immediately. While working happily to help the political efforts of the prominent General Francais Rollan (Jean Marais), finds himself in a love he will not be able to leave.This indefinitely political film works well as a satire or romantic comedy if you do not take it too seriously, it's a purely romantic fog. /> Filmed in the vivid Technicolor, "Elena and her men" look amazing, lots of bright colors , figures and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and somewhat brutish, not incomprehensible, but barely a woman with high principles and conviction. He is convinced by a team of complicated government conspirators to persuade General Rollan to make a coup and to use his love for her to satisfy his own delusions as a "guardian angel." Perhaps the legitimate virtue of the film is Henri de Chevinecourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband Audrey Hepburn) who ignores all selfish secondary motifs and follows Elena for love and love itself. What Renoir proudly suggests is what the French say best. "Elena and her men" are also trying to reveal the superficiality of French upper class allies with a gentle success, through the clumsy burial of Eugene (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not love his maid servant without his fiancée walking on them. For these sequences, Renoir apparently attempted the mad humor you could find in Marx Brothers, but the film itself is so relaxed and relaxed that the energy simply does not exist.
