The famous conductor of the orchestra, Daniel Dareus, suffers from what seems like a heart attack when he finishes the concert. Suddenly we watch him when he arrives in the town he left years ago. Since he left so young and his name has changed, he has contributed to giving him a new personality. He bought an old school building where he plans to stay. The building needs a lot of work. One could expect him to have all the peace of his world in his position to be installed in a new house, but no, Daniel will build his harsh winter in his own way. <br /> <br /> The local pastor, Stig, whose church has a small choir, comes with a call to find out if Daniel can help, but the conductor does not have the desire to return to the music. Daniel begins to explore his new universe. The human inhabitants leave him. He has an impression on Lena, who works at the local shop where he goes to get his food supplies. He will soon come and decide to join the choir. Lena finally falls in love with Daniel. First, the relationship between Daniel and the members of the church is not exactly what he expected. If they get to know him better, they will come and accept him and make him one of them. His new position does not concern him with the woman in charge. The members of the choir are scandalous crews, but they realize how Daniel made a change in how to interpret different songs. The new composition composed for Gabriel, a beaten woman, has a great impact on her life and her colleagues singers. Daniel's ideas for the repertoire are in contradiction with Stig's own. Vicar suddenly begins to see Daniel in the new light; is a tortured man who likes to read pornographic magazines before falling in love with his wife, Siv. His thoughts are confronting dogma as Siv shows him. Stig has decided to try to stop what he thinks of Daniel's unhealthy influence by firing him as the head of the choir. The church, which was invited to participate in the competition, travels to Austria. Daniela, who has already fallen for Lena, has the opportunity to show her feelings for the first time in her life when she doubts their relationship. Daniel, who is late at his own concert, hears that he does extraordinary music even though he is not among them. Kay Pollak, the director of this immensely appealing film, shows he is a man to drive. The story involves the viewer from the beginning. Much of the film's success goes into casting a set that has been compiled. William Nykvist, who plays the lead role, is the best excuse to watch the movie. Frida Hallgren, Niklas Falk, Ylva Loof, do a great job for Mr. Pollack. <br /> <br /> Stefan Nilsson is the composer of most of the beautiful music we hear. Harald Gunnar Paalgard's cinematography makes the film look better capturing different seasons for viewers in their beauty.
