First of all, I really enjoyed this film and its message, which is the courage to live life as much as possible. Very poetic, with hearty and fun and sad scenes, very lively, was a pleasure to watch. Here are my "exceptions": The film was too long and at some point more and more other conflicts began to lose the main story. However, I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas everywhere, we just do not know about people we meet only superficially. I hated the end that was so loaded with symbolism and was extremely forced. He left bad taste because it was too much. I did not like the fact that there were so many big problems in the group (when some people accused others of all other important things, people would be more ashamed if they pronounced everything so personally in front of every voice, even though these people are a group we closely cooperate with ). A: Defending them is the strongest instinct of human beings. So why should Daniel be hung up and never defend himself or defend himself? I thought he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when he was attacked, but he just fool me when I saw him doing nothing. It was like a story-telling singer tried to force the message that "violence is not needed," but the way he decided to do it was not good. I'm also against violence, but the figure loses credibility when it remains unchanged despite all the attacks. A: Gabriella ... why a woman who spent the summer with the man who was beating her on the ground would go to the man when she arrested him and said, "I do not want to hurt you like any of us." Oh really spoiled that much! Will he be a saint or what? It would be normal to be bitter, but not nearly "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and music so great that she had forgotten her what had happened to her? But please. So, these were decaying moments. Still, I still think it's a wonderful movie in all, which is amazing, due to my inconvenience with a few things. Bacha !! ;-) "
