Famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressful busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive boy who was attacked by Conny and other friends to live at a low pace. She buys an old school and is invited to attend the choir's local shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and shy Daniel basically refuses. She works with the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the choir members and influences their everyday life: slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to attend the choir; Ingela Olsson, wife of Stiga, releases her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes a stand against her husband's brutal and violent husband; plumber and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; the thick Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) screams against the trader Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to take part in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds his music that opens the hearts of people who fulfill their dream. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touch and sensitive movie, a very beautiful story. It's impressive how director Kay Pollak and screenwriters have been able to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are top-notch, supported by a spectacular music scene and at least two amazing moments: when Gabrielle sings her song at the concert and surely the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and all the participants of the melody, and Daniel to make his dream come true. As with Theorem, the alien changes lives not only by the family but also by the conservative community. Furthermore, like many European films, the open conclusion suggests that Daniel has actually died, at least in his interpretation, achieved peace with the success of his music. My eyes were wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Name (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
