My expectations were relatively high for this movie. Everyone I know who saw this movie in the cinema told me that everyone stayed there because they were so asked. My expectations could not be higher, nothing surprising would disappoint me. <br /> <br /> This movie was just disappointed. I loved what he was doing with heavy subjects without going through the usual steps that Hollywood film tends to include. In this film, the characters worked on the problems they had for decades worked with prejudice, they learned to open. But it was not easy, not just by singing one or two songs. It was painful, they took arguments, made confrontation. It seemed like a real life to me. One scene that really broke me was the scene in which Gabriella sings her song. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is beautiful and you can say that it's not just a synchronization of the lips with the previous recording during filming (which I often find in other movies), she really sang with her whole body and soul. She felt what Gabriella feels in the scene. If this movie was shot in Hollywood, her song was most likely sung to the end, and it would cause her husband to open his eyes and see the mistake of his travels, as well as the other people in the village realizing the thing or two. Instead, it came in half and did not come up with a solution. Her husband was not stunned, and realized what was following her, and no one else seemed to understand in the village. She was beautiful, she was clean and touched, but she did not solve all her problems magically. That seemed real to me, it must have happened in real life. The whole movie felt like a real life, nothing neatly packed, but everything with a sense of joy and happiness. You rarely find a movie that feels so realistic. <br /> <br /> I was a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you did not, you should see "how it is in heaven" and be filled with joy for life, the feeling of hope and the feeling that you touched smooth films will rarely get. You will be sad, painful, happy, and a dozen other emotions. Someone once said that if everybody in the world sang in the church, there would be no more wars. When I saw this movie, I had to agree.
