Kay Pollak Has Heat Heat 2004 Så som i himmelen / As in the Heaven, he contains every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhuman human beings, yet he can be a pleasant crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical criticism, continuity errors and for the detection of saccharins, but it can evoke evocative colors of life in a small community. The film also performs a series of proverbial statements about "finding his own voice" and "just doing it through his fear" without completely removing a piece of cynical throat. His success as a crowd of joy comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers that bring new life to rural Christian communities provide plenty of space for hypocrisy, and at the same time enable repressive characters to escape from their fur. In the same year and likewise the Swedish wind made it by The Queen of Sheba's Pearls and Babette's Feast also comes to mind. Second, any film about small communities dealing with the entire world is experiencing a human chord in our ever more individual / self-centered and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film to The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls, and Bright Day shows its indebtedness to the formula. But it's a formula that left his life in it, and that seems to be because people need positive-feel films that make the community feel almost unreal. <br /> <br /> The stranger is burned by master Daniel Daréus in search of self-discovery. The city that he visits or rather visits is the local grandfather's undead place of his childhood. He was inexorably bullied by classmates, probably because he was a sensitive musician without wanting to drive a truck. Here he works as a cantor / choirmaster, despite the usual suspicion of artists and strangers. The site is, of course, populated with a wide range of recognizable types whose character arcs can be predicted: an angry, cheerful girl so beautiful that it almost shines; mobile local businessman; a woman whose beauty is lost in the midst of domestic violence; an ornate pastor, and his less austere wife, who at first appeared to be directly from Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealous, dense spinster (Siv) (check); geriatric, whose soul is still singing (control); older couple who may have difficulty from nursery school (check); an obese person whose task is to point out that we should not laugh and say "bold" (check); a boy with intellectual disability who proved he was able to sing a good "A" (control). Pollak's film, however, is not all hot fuzzy. They deviate from the show, despite failures and moral opposition. It contains violence and an end that could be a metaphor for dying after reaching creative nirvana. The violence of the film is mostly a function of male anger and repression, but it never fails deeply into why bullying that grows into a wife is like this. Likewise, the small town of Pastor is so close to the moralistic stereotype, which is wearing a black face, that his secret in girls' magazines is hardly surprising. His repression and hypocrisy are only there hanging unrelated to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable photograph of a young boy, perhaps a lost son, once seen over his shoulder, holds a secret. Perhaps these holes are editing functions, such as several inconsistencies and continuity defects, which may be like the inexplicable discovery of Siva in the church (twice) after moralistic explosions. In fact, none of the footage in the movie is too long and seems to be solved in the scene. In addition to some inappropriate love scenes, the movie is 127 minutes seldom dragged, but there is a feeling that something remains in the pavilion. <br /> <br /> The film remains a massive three-star tariff slot that can be selected in it. It's simply because in the world of technology-oriented films and materialistic self-confidence, any glimpse of the human community is deeply welcomed to everyone, even to cynics.
