This is a very enjoyable BBC-TV mini-series that is loosely based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is rather a study of diverse characters in a story that lasts for five hours. This is a very small piece, where a wide range of great British actors and actresses can show off their talents. The characters that are shown are actually "types of people that do not usually meet", people so boring and insignificant that they are difficult to admire. For example, a leading figure is a young husband (one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding any. He lives in the hands of his parents. He was once in the army, but he does not seem to have the slightest glimpse of any ambition or interest in life, except for his small family. David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in the brilliant part, comes as a very sympathetic person, even though his only activity for five hours is loving and sad, which makes him great so he wants to comfort him because of course he's a nice guy. The distinct performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who has circles around everyone else in the story. It's just incredible. It portrays a very dissatisfied woman, which is the only character in a story that is all too well known, and it is irrational, hysterical, selfish, dense, embarrassing, blindly loving and blindly hateful, an elderly idiot woman. Unfortunately, we are known too well. Wilton is one of the best actresses in the UK (see my review of her in "Half Broken Things"). She takes a figure that could be two-dimensional and four-dimensional. She is greatly supported by the old for Patrick Malahide, who plays her angry husband, and their pair set a high standard really for all younger players. Janet McTeer, when he is younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of man when he is older, somewhat aggravated and determined, but redeems in the final stages of the story by showing how brilliant the actress can be when he has a chance by pulling one of the most persuasive and original drunken scenes I've ever seen on the film. A great surprise is the mysterious figure of Sarah, played with great depth and original actress Sarah Smart. She takes a character that can be unbearably lengthy and totally acting magic will transform her into a deeply mysterious and mysterious person that we are tirelessly interested in for five hours. It's so good that we finally think about Sarah Smart, honestly. I think this will happen when you really do your job right, people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts if she knows herself, it is, and not many. Her eyes have deep disturbing tricks that turn around and let us know that she is unheded, but we are not sure how or why, even if we finally learn that she has an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her handling of ambiguous facial expressions is exceptional. Rory Kinnear is incredibly persuasive as a seemingly hopeless man who lives with his mother and not much but shows that he has hidden depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but we want to tackle them, that's a question.) Margot Leicester's mother really did. Amazing performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a silly, rebellious teenage girl that we all are afraid to meet, but which breaks down in helpless tears in key moments and shows she is dubious and her arrogance is just a pose. The other three children are also very good, Lucind's girlfriend and her younger half-brother and half-sister. Younger siblings can be really fools like characters in the story (they seem to be nothing special, they are hopeless to see disappearance), little to recommend but their sweet nature, but it is transferred to the amazing effect of Lee Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role but we can not see her very much, which is a shame because she is such a great actress that it was useless here. One could go on, but somewhere he has to draw somewhere. The series is strangely fascinating due to the depth of display of all these fundamentally uninteresting people captured in the network of intense anxiety and tension.
