Still a definitive program about World War II, the world in war is not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes the events that led and followed the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe and there are several episodes of war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic, and the home front of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is one episode about the Holocaust. The series begins with the New Germany episode (1933-1939) and tells of the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territorial gains before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with an episode Remember; war influence in the post-war world. Keep in mind that it is a good episode to end this great program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with the initial credits. Credits are accompanied by a strong musical motif. There are many musical tracks in the line. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The shot is fantastic, and it's the same. In addition, some shots are colorful. This information also makes episodes memorable and entertaining. The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Declared in 1969, it lasted four years before it was made, such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century). A series of interviews with Allied and Axis campaign leaders, including eyewitness accounts of civilians, included men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says that in the film "Creating the World in War" he tried to talk, not necessarily surviving big names, but their assistants and assistants. The most difficult object of searching and persuading that Isaac should be an interview was Heinrich Himmler's adjutant, Karl Wolff. The other admitted that he had witnessed a great execution in Himmler's presence. World War is often considered the definitive television story of the Second World War. Some see it as the best example of documentary form. In the list of the 100 largest British television programs produced by the British Film Institute in 2000, the experts at the field, The World at War, ranked 19th. The program has everything the audience needs to know about the war. After watching several episodes I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes in a row. I have seen them several times several times. There are two other great documentary series that I know can be of interest to the audience. One is called the Great War (1964), which concerns the First World War. The second is called the Cold War (1998), which is apparently a cold war.
