This is the first and only feature feature of Paul F. Ryan. Since then he has done nothing. However, he managed to get an amazing cast of characters to portray the characters of his story. I do not know when or why the idea appeared in his head but Ryan wrote a screenplay that later became his own "Home Room" filter. Busy Philipps carries a film on Alicia's shoulders, a disturbed girl; those we always see in TV series. With dark hair and black clothes; a pack of cigarettes in your pocket, a strange look and disturbing eyes (of course, with make-up). The event occurred at school; shooting. Some students died and saw everything. Now investigates the case of detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) and, as expected, Alicia is suspicious. But shooting is just a genesis; The film does not involve filming. <br /> <br /> The bed sink in the hospital room is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). He's one of the survivors in the hospital. The script creates a bond between them, the head of the school (James Pickens Jr). Helping all students to recover from this event, but Alicia does not seem to care. It's isolated. So the director punishes her; he needs to visit Deanne every day until five o'clock. Then begins the movie. <br /> <br /> I can not even describe how well written I think the movie is. I can identify myself with the characters and situations in which they live; I like reality. These things can happen to everyone. And what they say is perfectly understandable. They grow up and try to deal with the things they have experienced; do the best. Alicia (when she first visits Deanne) and Deanna (seeing Alicia standing before her) begins a journey that defines their personality and vision for the next step in life; after high school. The director leads Christensen and Philipps through their roles very well. Look at the contrast between them. Deanna looks naive and with clear thoughts; without the complexity inside her mind. When Alicia enters her room and sees a lot of flowers, she asks: "Who brought them?" "Many people," Deanna replies; although a few days later we learn that they are from her parents who arrive every week. Parental characters are well represented, but are not as important as their sons' characters. Deanna is lonely. Alicia looks ripe and violent; smoking cigarettes and talking roughly. But after two days of visit, he finds that he returns to the hospital every year; even sleeps in Dean's room all night. When they both fight, I believe Deanna says, "Why are you still coming back?" Alicia is also lonely. The end of the movie without destroying it is a bit disappointing; that's something I did not expect. Excludes part of the power the film has. Revelation is totally useless; Destroy the logical climax that the movie could have. It was a great script; and in an excellent direction. When it comes to Erika Christensen, it was the role she needed to fly better. Her role in "Traffic" was impressive, but it was a big step; starring. Maybe many of them did not have a chance to see her in this movie, and that's a shame. Since then she has not made any false move. She even went out with good performances in terrible movies. On the other hand, Busy Philipps, who turned out to be very promising (what transformation), does not have many opportunities for other roles. The same thing I say about Paul F. Ryan (directed, cursed) and I expect he is sitting in his computer now and completing his new screenplay; I'm waiting for another movie. I hope it will be best for everyone.
