Laurence Olivier's music and kind delivery have set a great tone for this great documentary. It is still necessary to see for fans of World War II, the offspring of the participants in the conflict, politicians who think things are always going their way when they expand their foreign policy through the deck of the aircraft carrier (did you hear George Bush?) And someone another curious or needing to know who and what aspects of the conflict. 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order but can be seen out of order because they are more or less separate. For the new viewer, there is a new look at the new viewer due to its full volume. Real shots of the battle are scattered by interviews with storytellers. Many of the interviews are with the offices of the second line, that is, with the support of the main figures, the privates, the captains, the secretaries, the witnesses and the like. You get a real sincere taste of what war is about. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original TV document. I highly recommend this over worn out, gaps, overrated VHS bids available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five double-sided DVDs. This new release contains bonus material and is in full screen mode. The bids are easy to trace, you first have the opportunity to choose the episode you want to see, and then, after choosing the option to play the episode, you can choose different chapters or the whole episode to play. It is understandable that with such a comprehensive presentation fewer navigation is available but the impact of what you will see after 60 years of the war has not changed after 30 years. /> I remember watching the first broadcast on Buffalo PBS just before I moved from London in 1975 and wished to have a copy. Now my wish finally happened. <br /> <br /> Look at this document. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and worship the sacrifices and challenges that have overcome those of America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all other nations and nations involved in the final victory. What the opener of the eyes.
