This series, made at probably the most appropriate time after World War II events, is at a value scale that stands far beyond any conjecture that it criticizes. The timing of the 1974 World War, reaching about three decades after the events of the war, allows precise pooling of events in a way that does not conceal residual propaganda and inclination. The course of thirty years allows this narrative to be supported by the impressive and fascinating panoples of the actors themselves, from some of the highest military and political figures to field soldiers, civilians and survivors of death camps, to witnessing the imaginary inhuman beings capable of civilized people. Most people who have approached or reached their senior years have had enough time to think about their experiences, and in most cases have had enough time for any propaganda and inflammation to influence them in the past, what they saw and what they they did. The information that these survivors give is noticeably strengthened by the attitudes and expressions they display in telling their parts, giving their stories even more impact. Such names as Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Hitler's personal secretary) ... the list is too long to concentrate on. <br /> <br /> Today, when they have survived this enormous lesson in the enormous amount of political ambition, they are young people who want the same type of militaristic and nationalist warfare that led to the Second World War. The DVD series we are discussing here should include the core of the subject of history in schools that the lessons learned at such terrible costs these days should not be unnecessary but should be taken to heart by those who have not seen a terrible price firsthand. <br /> <br /> I almost watched 11 discs when I saw most of the series when it was broadcast on local TV channel more than 10 years ago. I have lost no negligence for me, it has even become a more magnificent chronicle of some of the darkest times of human times. The highest possible rating seems to be unrated for this presentation. I think the value of this series is out of counting.
