This interesting feature has a very subtle story, rather colorful characters and a very stable pace. it also includes fence equipment from "Reap the Wild Wind", and since Cecil B. Deille drove it and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn drove this film out of his preparations, it barely can be a coincidence. it works in both cases, I have to report. An unusual arrangement tells the audience that the island of Barataria, controlled by Jean Lafitte, is built on piracy, but during the War of 1812 and before, he always abstained from harassing US vessels. General Andrew Jackson was charged with defending near New Orleans with just 12,000 men against 60,000 British Imperial Cloaks and 60 ships. Lafitta's men want to stand stronger; he wants freedom and homage to his men before moving such a strategic landing place to US forces. There are other factors in the story; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do so in contradiction with Lafitte's orders and leave the guy alive without knowing they have missed an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not provide what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte still supports him and in the fog, pirates and Jackson are losing the British and he is going to any fate waiting for a man who had genius and statehood but not luck. Casting this colorful and physically beautiful film is really experienced. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; as a girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his advisor, powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall Governor and Claire Bloom are charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Other players include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson Advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. Elmere Bernstein's music is very reminiscent, and the script script of 1938 had to be a little refreshed. Forest cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs; the decorations were provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, painted by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley has made complicated hairstyles and Wally Westmore has a difficult makeup. The film contains a fairly good dialogue on adventure level and a very strong climatic battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, ready to play part of the older general and then find out that the man was young at the time of the battle; but is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hulle as Mr. Peavey. It is an exciting and well-placed entertainment that looks exactly like C.B. DeMille finished his production; it's a beautiful and almost gentle film.
