I finally read Nancy Drew's book about 20 years ago, so a lot of my memories of a fictitious figure is probably wrong. From what I gathered, books were introduced to me at a time when adolescent sleuths were popular with children growing up at that time (for my 80s and early 90s), with Hardy Boys, Famous Five and of course "Carolyn Keene "Nancy Drew is more famous. I still remember those books in envelopes with very obsolete illustrations, usually quite heavy (for a kid) that attract them and the thickness of the book may be attributed to the words being printed in large prints. <br /> <br /> Well, the character has some updates along the way because I remember that my sisters are following Nancy Drew's books getting ever-less thick, softcover, with updated and more elegant Nancy illustrated on the cover. I can not remember if these stories are the same as the old ones, but I think these books, which are ghostwritten, have a fair share of the update itself. <br /> <br /> In this edition of Warner Brothers Nancy Drew, the figure undoubtedly gets its update to suit times, but writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen have kept their quotes in small towns to maintain some charm and taste, which people like me would appreciate. Her fashionable sense, her primary and correctness, even some unpredictable traits of behavior that do her well, Nancy Drew. Her family background remains almost the same, and lives with her father, father Carson Drew (Tate Donovan), who moved her daughter to a big city to get a better job and to lose her daughter in River Heights. Mom is just a distant memory, and home is an example. But what did Nancy Drew do, is the role of Emma Roberts in the lead role. Her niece from her famous aunt Julie, she also has spooky behavior, unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile. Her Nancy Drew, while in the beginning seems to be rubbing you wrong, will really grow up to you. And almost what I thought the Pretty Woman scene could have been, the characters had to walk into an elegant shop with almost mock reactions. While Daddy Carson Drew is trying hard to bring Nancy out of her sleeping environment and assimilate into a normal teenage life, trust Nancy to find herself in a house whose owner, the Hollywood type, was found murdered under suspicious circumstances. The mysterious solution is her comfortable food when she finds herself out of the local fraternity, and first we have to do with her on a big screen adventure. There is nothing like Black Dahlia about crime and secrets, instead it is a straightforward matter for Nancy to deal with Cork (Josh Flitter) crazy friend of school and sincere jealous friend Ned (Max Thieriot) while hiding the truth of her activities dad. The story is tied up with crazy fun and old sentimentality, which spells and becomes somewhat scaly together. With minimal violence and no big firearms or explosions, it's a genre that is clearly labeled "chick flick". <br /> <br /> I think the film will generate a new generation of fans, resume the memories of the old, and probably probably trigger a new fashion trend of sports penny wetlands.
