If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly met. "Nancy Drew" acts as a secret and comedy. Thanks to the books on which he is based, and at the same time spoofing them. The movie begins with a close-up on the shelf and an animated sequence of credits reminiscent of book illustrations. Then he starts writing books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea of ​​a teenage girl who regularly breaks off crimes in a small town is ridiculous, so the idea is treated religiously. He's trying to make Nancy Drew do anything like an ace in every class at school knows which roast treatment is perfect for turning the enemy on her side, making a birdhouse with twelve flying armrests, and even doing an emergency party tracheotomy. Nancy should always be in perfect style if she lived in a healthy 1950 instead of today's L.A. And she carries a "briefcase" complete with fingerprints, a flashlight, a compass and a magnifying glass. Of course absurd, but it seems to me that I remember the Hardy Boys' approach at any moment to make the CSI device a bit too good. And if it's a charming private eye a little younger than her literary counterpart, it's more of a comic exaggeration than the movie. <br /> <br /> The secret of the film is more serious. Nancy and her legal father move from a small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy breaks into a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home ten years ago. Nancy looks for tracks in some practical ways, such as surfing websites such as Google and these and watching old videotapes of victim films. When it does more than ordinary, you have to admire the girl's imagination. Emma Roberts, an undeniably cute guy, plays a beautifully amateur lady with a pint size. Makes the perfect girl perfect, if not absolutely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the father of the perfect girl Carson Drew. He is the ideal father without being unrealistically perfect, and proves that his daughter may be in danger. Less sympathetic is that Max Thierot accepted Ned Nickerson, friend of Nancy. I've much preferred the portrait of George O'Hanlon Jr. in a television series in 1970, where Pamela Sue Martin played as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a sharp and unpleasant boy with a bit of Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old with Nancy, is much less unpleasant than Max Max's Thierot Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker appear to be appropriately cast as Nancy's Gal's comrades Bess and George, but only short portraits at the beginning of the film. When we talk about the cameras, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison "Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis are all surprised by guest appearances, which only proves you can never guess which movie Bruce Willis will pop up next year. The film fails to live on any potential. He mentions that Drew's new house is heavily imprisoned, but Nancy and her father are finished a few minutes after they've trapped. Nancy also describes the cold thing she is going to investigate as a murder that takes place at an extravagant party that should bring a bunch of potential killers but meets only a few suspects. And while during Nancy's adventures there are moments of real tension, case resolution comes out of nothing, and in the end all possible plot fences are too tied and who care - who did it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the film's experience, but the current teenybopper melodies that are inserted into the soundtrack are lame. I really enjoyed this film, and while the film focuses mainly on girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
