"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And most importantly, the relationship between the reality and the art of the film, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la recherche du temps perdu", may be the case. In fact, "La Maman et la putain" and "Search for lost time" are obviously telling the same story: one of the unsuccessful love that repeats infinitely. The first woman's name is Gilbert, and the other woman looks like a twisted and distorted double Gilberter. Veronica is like a "Gilberte Gentleman," beautiful as a night, while Gilberte was clean and "beautiful as a day." After the first love fails, the second love begins, but it is the first condemned. Veronica takes over the place of Gilbert, Alexander's life and the movie. Gradually eclipses it, at least from time to time, Gilbert still comes as Alexandre waits for Veronica, then completely. It shows that it is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "unfaithful woman" as Alexandre says, which seems infinite - and unfaithful to Proust is the higher love that makes her but which also underlines his illusions. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Art is what drives the passage between what is out there - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is true, and is the knowledge of this truth. For example, when Veronica records the strange path Alexandre does is a bed, answers that he saw it in the movie, and then the movie, "It's given to learn how to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live like in the movie, he wants his life to be an art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" fights against the concept of "political principals" - see, for example, the ironic review of Alexander's political film. Just as Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations, and it only exists in silence." Above all art is introspection. And that's also why realism or naturalism is rejected: art needs to transform reality into existence. Proust writes, "I'm discovering the illusion of realism, which is lying." That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artistic skills, it emphasizes how the actors "say" their text: "the more you look artificial, the higher you will," Eustache said. /> Eustache and Proust share the view that the artist is a "translater" of the inner truth. But Alexandre did not succeed where Eustache had succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that the character is unsuccessful. You can feel a tragedy when you walk further into a movie that becomes the saddest. You see it in the face of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a living dead. You see this by making the scenes longer and that nothing will happen after some time. At the end of the movie, when you see that Alexandre writes, and Veronica asks if she writes her life, you may think it is not that even literature has failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, which breaks through the difficulty of reality. And in this little nurse Alexandra looks more like Albertine than Marcel. To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is Balzac's reader. In the format and meaning, Jean Rousset explains that in Proust's reader Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, they are unable to make any artistic creations because they are actually stuck, which is wrong with art. They see reality in art and "they are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of the artist and his works, between reality and art." And that's exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that "he loves a woman for parallel reasons because she played for example in Bresson." It's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticellian woman. "Life may not be my profession." This idea is really Eustache, who has committed suicide, even though Alexandre says it. Still, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustace: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, which is a terrible vision of an artist that crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, Alexandre is condemned to illusion. It is a death that reminds me of the last films of the film in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud, as well as the endless break of Veronica. Or perhaps it is already a hell that describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot," and absolutely not as the final release of "Le Temps retro". If Eustache was reading Proust, Alexandre could never finish a book, always disturbed by life and Veronica when he was trying to read it in his apartment or in cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is an inverse double of "Finding Lost Times," which tells how Alexander will not become an artist, while "A la recherche du temps perdu" tells Marcel to become a writer (Genette). As Baudelaire said, the artist tells "reality in the light of his dream", it is his nightmare Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
