In what could be considered a coup for a sexual "revolution" (I use quotations for this word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed Mother and Grace as a poetic, critical critique of those who do not seem to get enough love. If there is a message to this movie - and I hope that the message will be received only after what Ben-Hur has yet to offer - it is to have a love, honestly, to be a level of happiness, the real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result when nobody can actually have what they really want, or do they think they can even express what they want? What is the truth in Alexandre's (Jean-Pierre Leaud) relationships with women around him? He is a 22-year-old pseudo-intellectual with no apparent work and lives from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont), a little older than her, and is usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible love, life has left him, the woman she sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who might remind him. Soon, what unfolds is the most gently loving triangle of love that has ever been shot on a movie where psychological strings are drawn out with the most brutal words and smallest gestures. First of all, we think this may be all about what happens to Alexandre, but we're wrong. Women are so crucial to this issue of love and sex that they have to be around, to continue talking and talking about something to submerge. We were told that part of the sexual revolution, theory, if not quite in practice (perhaps it was, I can not say I was not alive at the time when I see it firsthand), this freedom was led to lack of inhibition. But Eustache, if not a complete message, is that it is virtually impossible to have both ways: you can not have people to love and expect to get the satisfaction of the final companion who comes "f *** ing" as the characters refer again and again . <br /> <br /> The strength of the Mother and the Devil, in terms of the subject, expresses this horror under promiscuity, lack of monogamy, and at the same time stimulates the intellect in the most extensive conversation you have ever seen in the movie. At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, who probably likes to hear himself when he says it's a movie he saw, or something bad from the past, Eustache does so that the film itself is not demanding - it might seem like that, but it is about the pretense that lies beneath those who hide behind their inner mistakes what they need when they are finally alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies such as Before Sunrise / Sunset are talkative relative movements, you did not. But as Eustache uses in dialogue, these characters sometimes have trivial or "deep," or sexual, or sincere, or occasionally extreme (or subdued) emotional, they are never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who do not have enough good talky film, it is exceptional. While his style does not create the courage that came with his predecessors in the nouvelle vague ten years ago, Eustache's new wave touch is with the characters, and then reflected on them. <br /> <br /> It is realism with the tip of attitudes, with things in a shattering and sarcastic, crude and shameless expression. All three actors are so stuck in their characters that we can never perceive them as "pretending" emotions or melodrama at all. It is almost favorable in a naturalistic / realistic approach, but there is no other way around Eustache's material. Luckily Leaud brings the crowning chip in his period career and both ladies, especially Labrun as a "bitch" by Veronica (a claim he tremendously reverses in the film of climax in one intact shot). And like another touch, so often, the director sinks into a quiet moment of thinking, characters sit up, listen to the record and in meditation or silent pain. This is probably the greatest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who is dedicated to Broken Flowers to Eustache, and has one scene that is completely uplifted (and lovingly) in the late Parisian approach. <br /> <br /> Sadly, before I saw Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache about this movie. Getting this became a big challenge (not available on the US DVD and on the VHS so rarely it took many months of watching at different libraries). The minutes of that time were not unnecessary; Mother and bitch is really beautiful work, one of the best French relationship dramas, maybe even one of the most stunning lucid I've seen from across the country. It's complicated, sweet, cool, absorbs and it's very long, maybe too long. She is also satisfied with the level I would compare with scenes from marriage; real revelations about human condition continue until 35 years after the release of each movie.
