Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is among many of the leading French filmmakers today, large unknowns whose films are hard to find and are not published on international DVDs. Since we have good old video cams in Tucson, I have been able to watch this 3 1/2-hour marathon that is not boring for ten seconds. one of the most discussed (and most controversial) films of all time, let me tell you the impression that the endless dialogues, originally typical of the early "Nouvelle Vague" Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, are almost ridiculous in this film. Dialogues are essentially monologues, especially the longest ones that Jean-Pierre Léaud spoke. The most characteristic is that the intersections of two people's speech are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, looks forward to knowing about himself more than the topics he seems to be talking about. That's why it's hard to talk about in this movie. It is likely that the director meant a satirical guarantee against the inaction of political and sociological thoughts that had been so hotly discussed, but the type of human Alexander exists at all times, we find him already in Petron's "Satiricon," which in fact has a great similarity with "Mother and Coward". Alexandre not only did nothing but developed his own kind of metaphysics about the absence of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility to the society in which he is part. He laughs at the people who ran to work at 7 am when he is busy having the last drink before sleeping at the apartment of one of his girlfriends whose money he lives. He is unable to speak one sentence without quoting one of the main thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who appears quickly in the Aux Deux Magots French cafe, where Alexandre also sits all day, must serve as a justification for the lifestyle of Alexandra and his colleagues because he suffers from an existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. However, Alexandre's intellectual speeches appear to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and quotations he quotes appear to come from the quote's dictionary rather than the real reading of the books. <br /> <br /> It is true: This film requires an extremely wide European knowledge, especially the knowledge of French existentialist philosophy and the implications for the 68 student revolutionary movement, but if you have that knowledge before enjoying 215 minutes of your life by staring at the stunning Television and laughing laugh as if you have not done it for a long time.
