Jake Speed ​​is a movie that lacks one thing? charismatic leadership. Unfortunately, this is something that really puzzles the whole movie and it's a shame because it's a fun action movie in the heart with a funny script and an interesting, albeit derived, assumption. Although it is probably genesis likely to be able to trace back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the movie actually plays a little more like 'Romancing the Stone', though the other way around. She is not the author of a romantic adventure fiction that is guided by a character adventure that resembles one of her creations; she is an adventurous fantastic figure that leads to her adventurous adventure and leads one of his adventures to an ordinary woman. /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by an attractive Karin Kopins) engages with Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his helper Dennis (Dennis Christopher) to be real and very wrong individuals in an adventure that takes them into the heart of the civil war of the torn African state and finally into the joints of two brothers deliciously evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously sister Maurice's camp (Roy London). Is that a conspiracy? it is not a labyrinthine and it is not complicated, but the story that says it does not require a great depth. <br /> <br /> Action sequences are tempting to start, and it is true that the hero trio is in their footsteps (whether captured in battles between government and rebel forces or being released into a pit full of lions) and they are certainly pretty funny line. It seems, however, that the film is trying to find an end and unfortunately actions that are quite tempting to start going nowhere and eventually become a little restless and unpleasant. But it did not have to be such a thing if she liked Jake Speed, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance it's harder to really care for what's going on. Now, I do not know if he was a little thin because he was also a producer and writer of the film, or he's just not a good actor, but he never really convinced himself as a sparkling mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. Is it a pity because most other characters play their part well? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing, and her character shares some nice joke with Jake (unfortunately he never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as an archetypal helper, and John Hurt plays a part with the pleasure of the camp? almost as if he had been in the eighties of Batman. He moves through his several scenes that horror in the absurd story of a boy who puts in a performance that almost belongs to another film. Sid is no Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's Nemesis from a number of his previous adventures / books), but he is always fun to watch. Jake Speed ​​will try to broadcast the same fun B movie ghost as 'Night of the Comet' (the movie produced by Crawford a few years in advance) and almost succeeded, but it is missing? which is a shame because Jake could be watched a lot in several other adventures and could be better served with a TV series. I would recommend it for interest in curiosity, but in the end it leaves a bitter taste, because most of the elements were there to make something really good.
