Comedies often have an unfortunate reputation for having little real depth. Weapons and humans prove that this concept is false. Shaw's play is full of comedy drama that combines fun plot with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family that has been deeply involved in the war; her fiancé and her father are both military officers. She's shocked, one night when an enemy soldier arrives. She saved him because she knew she would have to keep the thing secret from her family forever, and the soldier would eventually leave. Of course, once the war is over, the soldier returns and forces each of the primary figures to reconsider their values ​​and their relationships. It's quite interesting how Shaw layers mean a standard comic fence. Shaw is able to comment on class constructions, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And of course it does with Shavov's wit and a satisfying plot. There's so much to think about, I think a lot can be forgotten in one glance. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedy theater and is definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Weapons and Man" is both a fun movie that thinks it retains its meaning even today, a century after its inception. Shaw laughs at popular theories of war and love and combines military satire with a delay of love and family structure. The game has a flashing joke, exciting humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's statement to Sergius: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I'm very glad to get out of it if I do not have a amateur, you think fighting is fun." In fact, as the son of a Swiss guest, Bluntschli had no reason to engage in the war, and in this absurdity Shaw casts doubt on patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and army on both sides of the battle, and finally shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. Dialogue and sarcasm use common concepts for life is embedded with a gentle assurance of the movement of the story towards the fairytale end. The end, when all characters are happy and lovers change and love shifts, underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. It is a film that maintains its image that it has a universal appeal and is suitable today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "arms and human" should preserve its meaning if there is love and war.
