The irony is that a game that is not available on the film or on the video so long, weapons and man remained relatively constantly available on stage during the years since its debut in 1894 - in no small part because it grew as good as a solid satire on the nature of heroism and warfare. Whenever the world sinks into conflict, it seems that ARMS and MAN are growing more and more. <br /> <br /> This is the game that Oscar Strauss transformed (skipping most of Shaw's best ideas) into a successful operetta (When Hollywood got to it *, they missed Shaw's last traces of paying for his rights - he was the winner then Oscar himself). While the best of the Shaw was always his thoughts and dialogue rather than his bare drawings, in ARMS AND MAN, the fence also sparks and the master manages happy endings for all concerned. Young Raina (the daughter of the officer and the richest man in her city) got engaged to a lethal officer in the Bulgarian cavalry, and it seems that it all works well until the Swiss mercenary (Pip Torrens) rises from the other side after a sewer that has fled from the battle where his army was headed. As is customary in Shaw, it's nothing like it first appears, and social conventions stand on the head in the light of a simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys," just people from all sorts of classes who get to their best knowledge - as well as life better - and of course Shaw, are wittily perfected by all those involved. br /> <br /> An early (1932) movie version (of Shaw's own script) of this most traditional and traditionally humorous Shaw satirists and one of his first who really hit this side of the Atlantic has long been a missing one. Shaw did not sell screen rights to his games-he only licensed them for a 5-year period, and it seemed that with the rapidly evolving audio technology, when 1932 films looked primitive only a few years later, Shaw did not renew the license to show it. As a result, we are immensely in the BBC's debt that we finally broadcast their broadcast version of 1987 in a DVD box with nine other sparkling games. (Somewhat sad, PYGMALION, which many consider Shawa to be the most popular, best performs on this set in production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) Even coupled as well as on his DVD, with less impressive one act, MAN OF DESTINY, ARMS and MAN makes a real treasure. Helena Bonham Carter, after tearing her teeth to a television role like this, has released an important film career that will bring many viewers to this early role. They should not be disappointed because Mrs. Carter gives a performance in line with the layered innocence awaiting the audience, but for some of James Howell Jones pedestrians (and despite the unmistakably beautiful and well-observed physical production of the BBC), the role of a malicious fire (and her outrage at the fact that it is underestimated in the last act) is only about 80% of its potential. The same can be said about the real star of the work, Pip Torrens, like Bluntschli "Switzer". It's a great and attractive performance, but it's not a physical comedy implicit in an early stage where a young soldier can hardly stay upside down through his deadly dangers. <br /> <br /> Regardless of these reservations, it's a solid production of wonderful games converted to a small screen with aplomb. It deserves to be seen widely and ideally to bring even a more vivid remake with a big screen with the style and taste of the recent remake of Wilde AN IDEAL HUSBAND. Virtually any ARMY AND MAN will be tasty and with great luck we may even get to see the original version of 1932. "Except for one or another surface, this production will delight anyone who loves good Shaw.
