Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his death with Professor Moriarty in a GOOD PROBLEM. Financial considerations forced him (in 1901) to write THE HOUND OF BASKERVILLES, which is still considered to be his best novel, Holmes, and perhaps his best novel. But it was the "memory" of a great detective written before his death. Only a greater riot from his public led Dr. Doyle to resurrect Holmes completely in EMPTY HOUSE DRAG, which came out in 1905. It's not like the new stories (and the latest novel) are really bad. Perhaps the three stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Several of those later (for example, THE SOLIDAR CHILDHOOD GOODWILL) are really good. But production inequalities (especially after the stories in HIS LAST BOW (1917)) are becoming more and more pronounced. Repeats past stories and shows the really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story of THE THREE GABLES GOODS, Holmes shows a sarcastic sarcasm on a figure of African origin. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> SPOILER RECEIVES: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON'S GOOD PRACTICE deals with Holmes trying to recover compromise letters from Milverton, a very successful blackmailer. It's an interesting example of how Doyle has made a highly readable story with a minimal plot because there's little real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton to buy letters, but get them back no matter what! Milverton proves not only that he will not consider a smaller amount of papers but is prepared to protect himself before Holmes tries to find his person. Later we learn that Holmes entered the household in Milverton when he hid the romantic service. At the end, Holmes goes with Watson to destroy the Milverton House. He and Watson are in the house when he finds out that Milverton is waiting for some new business meeting in his study (someone with the information Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson look at a woman who appears to be a victim of minor damage from Milverton's past activities and who shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson are able to ignite Milverton's collection of compromise documents before they flee to the house and then discover (for themselves) the identity of a woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not know who the two mysterious men have seen running from Milverton's house, and they are so disgusted with Milverton's activities (they have never been able to bring anything against him) that it is clear that the murder will never be resolved. The story is not one of the fascinating, real detective work, such as EXCLUSIVE BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of mood and late action - the point is that Holmes and Watson will get evidence or be caught by Milverton? It's not one of the best stories, but it's basically stories that are really well known and interesting. At the time when CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON wrote, Conan Doyle had experience with the police about his sometimes acting as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader. The artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began writing his views on how the killings were committed. Then he stopped - seemingly warned his friends in Scotland Yard that the murder had not looked. The victim was a homosexual, and the police were convinced she was a lover who was terribly wrong. Due to the victim's family (that was in 1905), Doyle dropped his interest in the case. So he realized that sometimes the British police had been conscious of things that did not seem to justify their full investigation-as a limitation on Lestrady to the one who killed the vicious Milverton in the story. Due to the description of the story, which could be narrated in the usual hourly version of the series. But the teleplay for MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the terrible dilemma of Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edward England). We see the promising young aristocratic military officer kill himself when he faces homosexual speech due to Milverton's extravagant demands all at the beginning of teleplay. And they are not just gays. Men and women with a good name in heterosexual marriages could be blurred by revealing illegitimate children or past indiscriminate relationships. In the story, a woman who killed Milverton will avenge the destruction of her husband (prominent nobleman) ruined by a thug. <br /> <br /> Milverton is superbly playable in his inconsistent gentleness by the handsome actor Robert Hardy, who, though confronted with the unexpected furies he unleashed, is totally overcome (it looks as if only the angry woman showed up from home in moment). Brett and Hardwicke were quite well in their Holmes and Watson roles. How serious was the loss of the character of a rumor or a cue in 1905? In 1898, he was one of the heroes of various imperial wars and the leader of the last victory in the Battle of Omdurman, who destroyed the Mahdistus (see FOUR FARMA), was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was Governor of Ceylon in 1903, when suddenly, he suddenly resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in the hotel waiting for some kind of hearing. It later turned out that "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular commander of the army in Britain, was caught sleeping with domestic boys. Milverton would have fed him very quickly ... or had his real partners.
