Like Frank Miller and his comic book Sin City used black and white to express themselves (and his films noir influences), it is also Christian Volckman with Renaissance. It is 2054 in Paris. In the tradition of science fiction, the future is a bright, sparkling multiple gem. This is a jewel in the midst of poverty, inequality and darkness; bright and beautiful above, with a dark backlight beneath it. One of these "clear" people at the top, a scientist from a very large and influential global society (Avalon), is kidnapped. Well-known and effective, Captain Karas (expressed by James Bond himself - Daniel Craig) is assigned to find her. <br /> <br /> Disruption and layout is not very original. He is heavily influenced by film noir, Gibson's Neuromancer and other detective stories, along with films like Blade Runner, Sin City, Metropolis Fritz Langa, and Minority Report. There is a main plot surrounded by other possible sub-areas that connect at the end. It's not hard to think of it all. <br /> <br /> The power and originality of the film is in its intense visual presentation. Paris is a complex set of levels and below levels. At its base there is a more primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city grows, its architectural complexity and luminescence. However, in this structure the peak is not equal with the enthusiasm of human ideals and behavior. Paris was remarkably revived and unloaded in brilliant black and white. The film is closer in the spirit of Sin City (comics), then Sin City movie was with its source. This is all the more easy because it is still in the same environment; animation. Just like the Darkly Scanner has pushed the visual aspects of telling the story, so it does. Bright and dark, black and white create an atmosphere of contrast as well as visual ambiguity. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning and at the same time it is ahead of us. The film demonstrates how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious. <br /> <br /> According to the spirit of the film, I can be both a critic and a fan. I can love and despise in the same light. It is definitely an experience I recommend to fine art lovers. So, pour another Black and Tan, put in a void and enjoy the ride.
