"Renaissance (2006)" was created for six years, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of approximately 14 million. The ultimate result is the stunning completion of comic-like animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with the name Sin City (2005), but this film captured movement with live actors to overcome their faces and movements in a totally animated format. The film, which is presented in black and white, looks as if it was highlighted from the very sides of the graphic novel on which it was founded, and the futuristic city of Paris is ominously above us. French film director Christian Volckman, in his feature-length debut "Renaissance", draws on other films in the genre of science fiction and techno-noir storyline is not something we have not seen before, but it is insignificant. The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a decaying metropolis full of dark streets and deserted pavements, a recent installation of modern technology that only offers a thin mask for the degradation of dark buildings. The largest society in the city, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens a promise of beauty and youth, and the research department of the company is constantly trying to devise more resources to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasujev, a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously abducted on her return from work, and falls to legendary detective Barthélemy Karas (Daniel Craig) to reveal her current place of residence. Maybe the key to the disappearance of a woman is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona, ​​a hardy older sister whose trust is in doubt, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a specialist doctor who loved Ilon as her own daughter. <br /> <br /> The amazing, illuminated city of Paris reminds "Blade Runner (1982) Ridley Scott," and some technologies look as if he could borrow it from Tom Cruise in the "Minority Report (2002)" circumstances also set in 2054}. But despite this acquaintance, Volckman created an exciting world for his characters to live. Blending classical film-noir and science-fiction, the result is a nice collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows, which I should warn, occasionally becoming a difficult viewer. Dialogue is sometimes a little trivial and the story, although it deals, does not offer anything surprisingly original (except for the end I thought was a daring turn to the usual formula), but the "Renaissance" is intended to work best as visual treatment, and in this respect, it can not be denied.
