The marching order of introductory credits is a martyr who has a strange, full-body nightmare. After the closure of his dystopian Paris in 2054, the film begins to follow a woman into a dirty club where a Slavic bartender is called on board. They are dissolving to each other that they owe him more money, even though he thinks he will pay all that. Another woman prevents emerging violence only to have a hot fight with her. The initial woman is revolting and she is kidnapped. It seems that Renaissance Christian Volckman is another in the line of recent animated science fiction films, but even if it is basically true, he says a neatly organized, classically trapped detective story that keeps us in the dark in the opening minutes, even if we introduce Karas, a hard-boiled cop who we know from the beginning as a person awakening from a dreadful dream. <br /> <br /> The origins of the classic film noir are all hit without anachronistic changes for all purposes and purposes. It is in the hardness of his monochrome that Volckman's French thriller has seen no example. Movie animators, who are harmless to the physical lighting challenges they would normally face, could start with a completely black frame and attach a completely white color to the action on the screen. As they mimic the effects of real light sources in the whole frame, we distinguish the black and white colors without the smallest shades of gray that would sound the less characteristic moral codes of the characters, and the result is the harsh and determined vision of the direction of the commercial civilization , occasionally causes the most blunky and merciless enlightenment to undergo. It is an art study of the film noir taken to their visual boundaries of philosophy, and never before had ever shared the same realization of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this decent cyberpunk movie seem to be going purely from a gothic comic book in black ink, but their common physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their expressions on their faces look ashore in bright humanity. Normally, films exploring new developments in animation allow their technical advancement behind the scenes of all other aspects of production. For example, Sin City leaves the fabric and overall good screen adaptation from its source material to make it desirable. It does not have to be fine, it can have its narrative conventions, and its voice nickname may simply be reasonable, but a Renaissance, made for $ 19 million in six years, not only feels like a real noir instead of badly paid funds, but it is not secondary to all visual innovations, which are played as if they were random. We do not want to think about how great it is when Karas avoids bullets cut through a crowded glass Paris street, but more about his humiliation of life and death, as life tragedies like death make life meaningful.
