In 2054, in Paris, the city runs the town of Avalon, and when a young woman is kidnapped, Detective Karas (Craig) must go against Avalon to find her. Renaissance is a wonderful blend of film that blends with a futuristic futuristic story that illuminates the screen in a shocking house with ideology and conceptual concepts that should please many. Pixar are animation masters. Their numerous Oscar winning films are endless from the charming Toy Story to the thoughtful Wall-E, so every company or director has a real challenge to knock them. Renesance, however, is not a film targeting a young audience, and like Persepolis in 2007, it brings a powerful and mature approach to the animation genre to create an older and more demanding film for a targeted older generation. <br /> <br /> In 2005, Robert Rodriguez released a shocking brilliant noir Sin City that shook a full-screen green screen with a wonderful balance of black and white filming, and a year later Christian Volckman assumed a similar approach to a visually masterful shot of the film. <br /> <br /> Volksman's image is full of animation, but for half it is not even half realistic, it's strong 1 hour and 40 minutes running. The faces of the characters are well-drawn and especially this film must be the best for shadow use. The fact that we never know whether its night or day is insignificant when we just look at the stone faces when the shadows go beyond their expressions. It's a pretty smart use of a pathetic error and it's also gently controlled. <br /> <br /> For anyone who saw Persepolis, you have come to the conclusion that this is one of the best animated animations ever projected on a simple yet highly conceptual art style by Marjane Satrapi <br /> <br / > Renaissance is in the same conditions with this image and in many cases competes with stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the mood. One scene, especially when Karas appears from the darkness, is beautifully shot. The narrative revolves around the stubborn and boring political government that holds every citizen. The run of Paris is beyond the mysterious Avalon, which we do not see nearly enough to gain the essence of our true dominance. The Renaissance dominates the story of a tired policeman trying to save a mysterious woman, and then we see that Craig's tired and boring cop tried to rescue him from fighting other elements. In scenarios, there are a lot of things wrong, not to mention that an old exasperated cop is already here, but there is a lot of temperamental adrenaline and flexible battering between the characters to keep alive up to beautifully shot last shocks.
