Every other movie is wonderful. That's why they are seven because the story is not particularly frantic and I've been thinking about the last 90 minutes. I have never really felt any excitement or investment in the characters. If that's the case, luxury graphics and framing have made some scenes (such as Car Chase) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they look nice and have a very original design and sometimes new camera angles - but they lack kinetic movements and close-ups, which are part of the language for every normal action / thriller. The first hour is born and the dialogue feels very edgy and a little scenic - people are waiting for them to finish and not always react in natural cadence, which would be a problem in recording each individual dialogue separately. In rare cases, the emotions in the sounds do not exactly match those on the screen; which should really be avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, beautiful smoke / mirage / special effects) and nice looking cars, but again - it's more exercise in graphic design that has no real impact on the story. I think the whole idea of ​​using cartoon animation (instead of actors / CGI) is actually to shift the boundaries of imagination and design; to what is in other media too difficult / impractical. Although animation in the Renaissance is certainly amazing and incredibly well done, I never felt like I saw something that was not done yet. Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over the story and pace. To be fair, some amazing and engaging French films also have a slow pace, and persistent images in one's eyes or rain on Parisian tiles can cause great emotions - but animators must understand that while animation brings unique strengths, it has weaknesses compared to technique in real life. Perhaps it would be a reflection of the "noir" rules that the film wants to keep, but I think filmmakers have also missed the opportunity to explore their future society a little bit more - social strata, fascist adherence to corporations, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renesance to anyone who has a stylish design and / or animation (especially Manga fans), but I do not want other movie lovers to love. Remove excellent visuals and it's barely average film.
