I'm glad I can say almost positive things about the film with Karas and sisters Tasuiev, RENAISSANCE. And first it looks as if it should look; RENAISSANCE is the story of police investigations in search of the missing young scientist Ilona Tasujeva, genetics and researcher at Avalon. The story of Karas, Ilona, ​​and Bislan is, though much less known than SIN CITY, the better the movie, and the one that is more appreciated by the connoisseurs. For French comic fans it will make sense even more (last week I enriched my French comic book, though I'm not too late). Atmosphere, music, characters, their lines, conspiracies are nice and sweet. Paris Police Chief Karas is exposed to find a young woman who has become the star of medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuieva, a hot blonde whose rebellious sister Bislane was erotic, I think. <br /> <br /> For me, oldie aficionado comics and television series, RENAISSANCE, a beautiful cartoon, was like playing the episode WILD WILD WEST? here, the mythological past has replaced the same mythological future? more jaded and bloody, but in a sense absolutely exciting. RENAISSANCE is not thrilling; does not it look particularly good? but it's seductive and hypnotic. In addition, they are able to draw, even briefly, the world, the real world? And we think of Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, sisters of Tasuey and Goran, Farfell and Karas about his distant childhood in Kasbah? . I liked RENAISSANCE feeling, some kindness and friendliness and adventure, as well as a professional, assured look; among these new cartoons, this and Linklate's Dick's adaptation (the only and first Dick's adaptation at all) became for me a work of beauty and genuine excitement. I thought futuristic devices were (like invisible costumes). As appropriate, characters have exotic names like Bislan and Farfella, mostly gathered from the world of art and entertainment (Goran and Ilona and Naghib?). It seems that no one noticed that the RENAISSANCE poster has Rourke's look, the guy is Marv; which does not mean that it is SIN CITY, but not the expression of originality, and in fact, it is more like the Miller story, namely the dizzying futuristic appearance of the disorganized society, the brio hero (actually the Willis character's hybrid and Rourke's personality in the previous movie) on the other hand, this cartoon breathes more public air, the edge of a straightforward adventure and that's like SIN CITY for kids, well, naughtier kids I mean because it's a little nudity on the display. What I have said could explain that these characteristics are characteristic, even as clichés and common places of futuristic appearance of adult comics; and it was old that Miller brought this stuff on the screen and RENAISSANCE has some similarities here and there. It is now also fair that every RING should have its ERAGORN, that is, every city of sin, its Renaissance. I admit that I partly participated in these bleak futuristic stories, which is a rather casual specialty.
