Imagine classic Aerial Stories that are inspired by hyper-styled black and white visual views of Frank Miller's Sin City. Then imagine a dystopian sci-fi thriller, such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. Joining the above steps would be a good way to describe visionary French director Christian Volckman in his feature film debut. But although Volckman's work undoubtedly refers to the above-mentioned films and similar films, such a simplified hybrid did not do the Renaissance, the final result of Volckman, justice - the film itself is much more complicated than that. > <br /> Genre hybridity is usually a hit and miss theme, especially in the current context, with the well of individuality seems to be still exhausting. Renaissance is as commendable as a cinematographic experiment, at least with the unique scattering of the crushing nihilism of the detective thriller neo-noir and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi drama that serves to comprehensively narrating stories by conventions in a strangely adaptable way. The screenplay is a clever and interesting scenario (although it makes sense that many rows in the script would be much more effective in their original French than English translation - the title of the movie is also becoming much worse), who was able to stay one step ahead of his audience all the way. Though many elements of the plot seem to be quite familiar to those who frequent such sci-fi thrillers, the scenario throws unexpected twists and turns at exactly the right moment to make the viewer on the toes do a really convincing job. > <br /> Volckman's film really excels in its visual component and the stunning black and white animation is easily highlighted by the film - greatly moody and stylish - it shows what a huge aesthetic effect the easy use of two shades can be. With amazing details of the paid composition and the appearance of each shot and the excellent use of very night shadows and interesting angles that emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from the Frank Miller comic, but with a twist, the end result is a constant visual eccentricity. <br /> <br /> The English version of the film is also credited with its very appropriate grouping of voice cast. Daniel Craig's horrifying voice is a perfect piece of revelation for the stinking Stoic policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as a mysterious woman whose sister is the disappearance she is investigating. Though Romola Garai is thinking about the English accent, he does a great job as a ugly sister, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatened as the shadowy head of the ominous Avalon mega-corporation. Ian Holm's real voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a strong impression in his short scenes. The Renaissance together boasts a visually stunning, unique and convincing futuristic thriller as well as intelligent because it is fun. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who oftentimes such a fare and occasional weak lines can prevent the film's moody masterpiece, it seemed that the excellent animation itself easily carries the film despite its occasional despair. For the fans of any shuffle film genre or sketchy graphic novels by Frank Miller, or those who want to appreciate the brilliantly created, slightly less common look of a futuristic thriller, the film is undoubtedly worth seeing. <br /> <br /> <br />
