One reason Pixar resisted so well and was so successful is that while their films remain technical miracles and visual mosaics, they have a story that fits their style. And often the style that influences charming and cross generations is very moving. The fact that a lot of anime (in a broad sense) and many other animations does not match their technical virtuosity with the real substance is, I think (and maybe I'm wrong) partly because manufacturers are not bothered by the nature, focus too much on the sound and picture , or the ultimate effort that comes into making some animations is so enormous and so disturbing that they do not have the energy to create a truly engaging story. we can not say about the Renaissance. There are mistakes in his plot, but I'll get it later. However, the same shortcomings do not appear in visual form - the Renaissance is now overwhelming. Images with ultra-high contrast (sometimes such a high contrast that is nothing but one face or one ray of light visible) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. Futuristic Paris on the screen is a bleak child Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dark, somewhat rich and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, corruption, obsessed with beauty (the capital of fashion), and obscuring the foolishness and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental and sophisticated architecture. br /> <br /> This is a compelling environment that is not entirely original, but it's great. Film technology is a highly touted "motion capture" technology, and the incredible attention paid to human and design evidence results in a black and white photographer behind him. Not that detail prevents entertainment because Christian Volckman is doing some great action sequences: a skincare chase, a few murderous murderous wrecks, a few seizures in the dark, and an unpleasant dust in a gloomy apartment. Places are also great (I want to visit a nightclub). While the central character of Karas is your regular off-the-shelf maverick cop, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are real movie engines. It comes from the war of torn Eastern Europe, war products, the diaspora and the family crotch, is so much a metaphor for Europe as a whole. The film is extremely atmospheric, its dizzying, jumping faux - motion of the camera and the creation of tones for adults for a great experience. This conspiracy ... It will never become more interesting than the initial hook in which the unfortunate fetus Karas must find Ilona Tasujeva, who died a beautiful and pioneering scientist after she pulled her out of the street. Awaken Avalon (which company is not sometimes sinister?) On which she worked on "classified" projects, hell is inclined to get her and soon Karas is in official temptations, dead bodies, cigarette smoke and anxious balls and falls in love with Ilona Sister Bislane (very sympathetically expressed by Catherine McCormack) when it enchants with the depths of the city's intricate rack (and its own past). <br /> <br /> The text -in noir, in other words, but when I liked the film much more than Sin City (with visual similarity), conspiracy and resolution are boring, the theme of immortality is rising but never tested and shenanigans of High Rolling CEO Avalon Paul Dellenbach are also boring, underestimating a lot of dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are known sci-fi genre materials and there is a nasty feeling that images and atmosphere mask secular material. The film as a whole, however, is clear and perfectly coherent, although some scenarios that characters get into occasional feelings as justification for the manifestations of technical spell. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from the beginning, which makes this film something to be seen. I can take it too seriously, and if so, I can say at least that it's great, extremely fun (and quite mature, too) and with an atmosphere like no one else.
