Darkly Scanner, Minority Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and World of Tomorrow? If you are a fan of any of these, then it will be well worth checking out. The French animation project "Renaissance" lasted seven years to go to the sixth budget and today I finally saw the private screening of the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous response is reverence; my next reflection is "huh, pure" and unfortunately the analysis gets a "meh" echo. It's a wonderful sci-fi triumph on the surface, but scratching, or even a bit of it, and its unnecessarily complicated conspiracy is clearly obvious as well as flat faces. <br /> <br /> However, it's obvious that people on Onyx have made something magnificent with the above-mentioned surface. Visualizations are stunning. They used the capture of live animations that were placed in animation of keyframes, sharply shadow black and bright white contrasts, and sharply shaded rotoscopic backgrounds. For those of you who are not a "technical language," the film looks like a fully animated Sin City. Its liquid, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented by a large flash of lightning. It's a vision. Still, a lot of credits are also due to sharp sound effects, which are in the form of buzzing futuristic weapons, thrilling music, heavy rain droplets and glass shards. It is every wet dream of technicians ... The film expands on a strangely illuminated, bleak futuristic scene in Paris where the main company called "Avalon" has begun to intertwine citizens with care (you think the Transparent Minority Report screens) genetic engineering. This leads to the mysterious kidnapping of the young scientist Ilona (expressed by the beautiful Romola Garai). Cut off our hard-cooked box and the protagonist Karas (Daniel Craig)? the man who has the right to his own hands? who is assigned a case of finding and acquiring Ilona. In this case, Illon's sister helped him, with whom he also began a love affair. A very affectionate affair when I can say it. The world of the Renaissance is remarkable. Director Christian Volckman is warming up in a nightmare, resulting in the urban jungle full of hairdressers, rat, femme fatales, and solitary detectives hiding in the shadows of poor slums. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely clear and narrative archetypes in the story, or the film would be "too unrealistic" for a traditional audience because of its furious animation format. It follows that we have a lot of clichés, such as thieving villains, dirty crime bosses, and harsh youngsters who smoke every chance. It pours our feet and it is not necessary. Worse, the dialogue is small. It seems as if each line only existed for propulsion. It's nothing fateful because the plot is so complicated as soon as it does it needs some clear direction. Daniel Craig is also helping here by bringing a stubborn stance to his stubborn cop. At one point in the Renaissance it is visible in a lively car, which is certainly one of the most adrenaline and top sequences of the film. Unfortunately, the novelty of sci-fi visuals was worn after this autograph and "Renassaince" could benefit from being slightly shorter. In short, a very interesting but erratic futuristic comic experience. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
