The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people was gathered in the Salon Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to witness the Cinématographe, a supposedly new invention that emerged from the work of several photographers called August and Louis Lumière. The small audience that reunited that day (some of the invitations, mostly because of curiosity) did not know what they expected from the show, and when the stationary photos appeared on the screen, he most thought the filmmaker was just another fantasy. Present slide show shows. When the photo starts to move. What about the thirty-three people in veneration that cool day in December was the first public projection of a moving image projected on the screen; history was written and cinema, as we know it was born that day. Of the 10 short films that were shown during this historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Leaving the Lumière Factory") was the first to be screened. The film shows many Lumière factory workers as they pass through the gates of the factory and leave the building at the end of a busy day. While this is a very basic "real-life film," the film surprised everyone in the audience because their conception of moving images was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" (Kinetoscope), the invention of the brothers was nothing like what they had seen before , so the audience stood in amazement as people and horses moved across the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince made the first film in 1888), but the way to show the film was simply revolutionary. "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" will become the first in a long series of "current films" that Lumière has created over the years. This primitive form of documentary film was a popular kind of brother film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than the use the Cinematographer had. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, the first performance of Cinématographe was a great success, and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic picture of this first screening. It was definitely not the first film made by the brothers that year, and it probably was not the best of the 10 films that turned out that day (I personally think "L Arroseur Arros" is the best of 10); however, it is really meaningful that the first film was the opening of a few gates, literally opening the gates to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
