All films made before 1912 really need to be seen with a sense of time and space. In 1894 the men of the Lumiere family [father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis] owned and managed a factory that produced photo plates and paper. It's not a small business; the factory had more than 200 employees who received retirement benefits and social security benefits - innovations for that time. He was located in Montplaisir in the suburb of Lyon, France. What caused Louis Lumiere to be interested in building Cinematagraphus remained in 1894 open for speculation. My suggestion is that the Kinetoscope exhibition of the Edison (peep-show machine) in Paris during autumn 1894 provided a catalyst. W.K.L. Dickson of Edison's staff invented a piano-sized motion camera that was patented in February 1893. It was electrically operated (using energy from heavy battery batteries.) This massive machine pulled a celluloid film strip (a newly developed Eastman) around a lens with speed approximately 40 frames per second (fps). It was stored as an almost invariant object in "Black Maria" (basically the first film studio.) The Kinetescope machines featured stage performances (less than one minute) that were filmed in this studio. During 1894, Louis Lumiere applied for a moving camera, and decided that even at the 16 fps celluloid film, the persistence of the human eye / brain could allow for normal movement. His camera, called a cinematographer, was large in size and equipped with a removable film magazine that provided storage for enough film to shoot for about one minute when it was oblique across the lens at 16 fps. The size and low weight of the camera (it could be converted to a printer or projector by adding a light source) is so transportable that it can be brought to any location to record an event (provided that enough sunlight is available.) In the spring of the year 1895 Louis made: a bit of riding on some riders; the house that firemen came by fire and pressed the recessed building with water; and many other scenes in Lyon and its surroundings. Using a bulb Molteni turned the camera into a projector and introduced his films to scientists gathered at the Reception Generales des Science. Images were projected on the screen, 5 meters away from the lens. The screen stretched in the door between the two rooms. At a meeting of professional photographers in the same year, Louis photographed the arriving delegates and showed them the movie of their arrival that evening. Thanks to the appreciation of both the scientific and the photographic community, Louis has decided to have a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year. Given that each of his films will be about one minute in length, he will need at least a dozen films to present himself well. For one of these films, he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory and photographed the employees' exit at the time of the end. The public place that Antoine chose as "" for the Cinematograph - was Salon Indien of the Grand Cafe at the Boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was the winter Saturday night on December 28, 1895. The first listeners were presented with a projected look at the exterior of the Lumiere factory (with closed gates.) Some were disappointed to see only the routine of Lumiere's photo presentation. But then the handle on the camera / projector was turned and movement began. Louis had an innate sense of filmmaking. This movie has a beginning, a middle and a final. At the beginning, the door is open and people are starting to leave their workplace. during the middle of the day people are going out - with many trying to ignore the camera and the cameraman, because they seem happy to leave behind the day of work. Eventually, the gates are closed to the factory. And this was the first film screened for the entertainment of the general public.
