I just came back from the late afternoon cinema, and it was a really quiet way because most listeners were thinking about black and white pictures of division, free movement, etc. Which really resembled the lives "our ancestor faced!" On this background, you think there was no tel / fax / internet, but for the voice of truth and nonviolence, cinematography was inspired by some ghostly reality of adversity in the midst of righteous Raj. <br /> <Gandhi turned out to be a hardworking lawyer in South Africa who stood behind his basic ideas and provided all the conviction to spread the awareness about it with the same humility and holiness that seemed to be a good farewell to the screening of General Smuta.It had the best proposed speech with subtle humor and a shrouded threat to the British paradise in India! It was a nice note when he said that we pray to pray to the British in Indians Even when Gandhi, the politician, is destined for India (toward holiness) .At the very background of a large family with many children, it is worth mentioning the clear distracted attention and love that had to cast the spell on the unhappy psyche of a child who longed for unrealistic the ambition of his abilities, and he is emotionally floating with little pleasure in life and failing in front of his father's giant model. He is trying to retreat from the mentor, which is the basis of any success that the lucky neighbors had to see in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal turns his frustration into an open state. This means that he becomes mentally weak and psychologically enraged to the extent that he is forced into religious conversion and alcoholism, with debts and disobedience encouraging his negative thoughts. He still showed sincere love to his mother through touch scenes, and even Gandhi's humble expressions, which Harilal had rejected, did not satisfy him in his mind because he always feared Father Gandhi. he could not spend the fact that Gandhi could not share his love as he expected and was raised to revolt when he could not understand that his father had provided a scholarship for the same merit of his father to his cousin where he saw an unsuccessful opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. He had to take it into account as a beggar in the street when the whole of India celebrated Independence! never change anything, but the way the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi is shown brings emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts about the dying Harilal are shown as a glimpse of the audience capturing and wondering where the father of the nation will go wrong? he was smart enough to be mentally strong to lead an army and use his brave soldier as a weapon to show the British and the rival forces that there is nothing in the interest of the peoples. even though reading the heart of Mahatma must live outside his family and see to whom the emotionally naive Harilal could not see living inside ... The trouble that such a naive Harilal still destroys the efforts of many fathers in the form of Mahatma in many families in today's life and enjoyed drugs, alcoholism, and God knows what thoughts! Here is a message to all the bold sainics (soldiers) - please respect the father of the nation! and luck will be granted, otherwise it would be a disaster, right?
