It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982), just telling the story of a great personality who had been on this planet not long ago. It had to be much tougher when director Feroz Abbas Khan debuted as a director to make Gandhi my father, who was involved in a hero scenario against an international hero, both historically true individuals and ironically father and son. Movie events are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived according to the film and set high moral standards that the world could follow. Yet these standards lagged behind the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a lawyer known as his father, to finish his education and get a job in India, and thus provide income for his nuclear families. <br /> <br /> The film does not reveal Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi his mission was greater than that of his family. He loved his family and cared for them, even though his thoughts on their reassurance reflected his ideal of caring for the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all persons, and in his view that giving him special extraordinary benefits to his son, who overlooked other deserving persons, was against the basis of what he preached. The film explores an unusual case of parenthood where an idealistic parent places receding goal posts for less than brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has become. The son married a child's love and annoyed his father. The father favors the educational aspirations of his son in several key places. The fragile connection between the devoted son and the father is broken because the son wants to stand on his own feet and take care of the nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of the nation, the son is buried in a spectacular search for identity and survival. His marriage breaks down and seeks to calm down in the region, escape between Islam and Hinduism. In spite of all his suffering, his relationship with his mother remains until he is drunk. Feroz Khan is basically a director of games that returns to the cinema. He wrote and directed the Mahatma vs. Gandhi, which had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. The play and subsequent film were based on two biographies, one Chandulal Dalal and the other Nilamben Parekh. The success of the game was an obvious reason for the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable film. Every time a good film director tries to direct a cinema, there is evidence of a lack of trust in the media. Peter Brook is a great director of games but less capable as a director. The opening shots of Khan's film promise a great cinema, and neglected Harilal Gandhi is taken to a hospital in Sion, Bombay (Mumbai), barely muttering that his father is Bapu (the native name of Mahatma Gandhi), father to the whole nation. Hospitals do not recognize him as the oldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately represents only a great story and some exquisite exterior pictures of the father and son meditating in silhouette. For the Indian film, some high-quality production goes hand in hand with lack of interest in details (most Indians' clothes in the film seem dust-free and freshly washed, modern hairstyles of actors and even Shefali Shetty plays Mohandas Gandhi's wife a hundred years ago with a plucked eyebrow ), the crime of Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theater personality, he has invested a lot more effort into collaborating with actors in character development, rather than on film details, somewhat like Sir Attenborough, which is also a product of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. <br /> <br /> She knew quite well that criticizing Gandhi in any way asks for trouble, even though there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made an extraordinary decision not to publish the posters of a film accessible in India, that someone might tear the poster or deliberately or unintentionally disrespect. <br /> <br /> With all his combination of size and mistakes, Gandhi, my father is asking the viewer a few questions. Is mother-son linked stronger than father-son in parenthood? Is the closest family less important than humanity as a whole? Does anyone seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when there are worldly difficulties? In this film, Harilal faces opposition from one religion to another, while his father cites the scriptures "forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they defeat and throw a South African policeman, convinced of the value of religion and convincing others. The film was awarded Shefali Shetty (Shah) and the Indian Critics' Award for Best Actress at the Tokyo International Film Festival. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor handled a sensitive subject very well and produced an above-average performance of the set of actors. I hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for some capable director to shoot another brilliant Indian game Girish Karnad Tughlaq, who has ever met international quality standards.
