Gárohi's father, Feroz Abbas Khan, a film that sheds light on the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is as dramatic as the movie that this movie is trying to tell, it's a shame that the director did not say it dramatically. Gandhi My father is told as the boring historical lesson that put you to sleep at school. Now the film is trying to say one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi, in an attempt to be a just man, ended up as an unjust father. This point has been done in the film many times, and one of the examples to be given is that a scholarship to England that Gandhi twice denies to his son. Instead of showing us exactly how Harilal was dealing with this betrayal and what was happening in his head, the director is just moving with the story, and so we never allow us to witness the increasing resistance that Harilal feels against his father. Because when we finally see the explosion from Harilal, it looks as if it's over-reacting. <br /> <br /> What I'm trying to do here is that we will never know exactly why Harilal has become the insurgent he has done. We have never understood why he turned to Islam and then returned to Hinduism. That's what Harilal never understood. And that's because the director of this film is too busy when he focuses on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, a story most of us already know. Simply put, Gandhi My father promises to explore the relationship between father and son, but it does not mean that they show us where the cracks appeared in this relationship for the first time. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being a son of Gandhi, but let us know why it was the burden. Show us the incidents of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi merely says he is against Harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the way her son appeared - because he was constantly going through the schools in Gujarat and South Africa because they moved him every time Gandhi had to relocate. Words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. What's more, instead of sticking to the puzzling subject of this complicated relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film breaks too much of the touch, and so the impact of the central theme gets worse. This has never been considered a movie about the fight for independence, and yet on many occasions it looks exactly because the director feels he is almost obliged to us despite all the major events that lead to this historic moment has nothing to do with the basic premise of the film - the relationship between a stormy father and a son. So you can see that the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confused movie. What happens to Harilal's children after his wife's death? Does he ever have a relationship with them? Where are they suddenly disappearing after the scene they see with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are answered in the film, which basically concerns relationships in the Gandhi family. The film version of the immensely popular game, directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father, is a disappointment, no questions. Kinematically he tries to overcome the ambitious intention of the filmmaker on the screen. Virtually every scene in the movie opens and closes with attenuation and fading, which never escaped. On the positive side of the movie, there is a gentleman you know. The director tries to make a balanced narrative, trying not to get away with the parties without once judging his father or son, or painting like a villain. What the film does, however, is clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch, whose ideals could form a nation, but apparently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it's just Akshaye Khanna, who really shines in the role of Harilal Gandhi, stripped of happiness. It's an amazing performance, and it's not easy, because it covers virtually the life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mixture of innocence and despair to this part and succeeds in making Harilal a criminal figure. Just look at it in the scene where he finds out that his wife is dead, and you realize how much he expresses only the language of the body. Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, has taken a cartoonist approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but it's the way the humanist did in his early years as barrister in South Africa, which is the actress's best contribution. Deeply gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, a woman to be upset in this conflict between father and son, but if she can not overcome this sense of helplessness, then it's not really her fault because it's the blame of the script. There's been a lot of effort in making this film, and it's obvious all over the world, but the film suffers from the inevitable flaw, which is ultimately what you think about it when you leave the cinema - it's so boring. Gandhi My father, director Feroz Abbas Khan, is a sincere effort yes, but also a movie that he could do with a much stricter scenario. We learn from the film that Gandhi and Harilal are very unhappy with each other. And thanks to this movie, the director is also doing us.
