For a very long time, we have seen movies on Gandhi. And most of the time, light is always portrayed as a Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a guy with principles. But when I heard a film that highlights Gandhi as a father and emphasizes his relationship with his son, he immediately caught my attention because it is one of the least explored territories because it has its own dark side and fewer people show the courage to survive. Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (director) did. The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. Later, Akshay (Harilal) joined his father for becoming a lawyer, but his dream overturned when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to become a freedom fighter. It implies that Gandhi believes in more practical studies than formal education. Harilal also tried to go after his father, but soon failed because his love for his wife, children, and his own dream had become a great success, changed his way, and then began to resist his son and father. He eventually defeated his father as to his dream and left him according to his own conditions. He wrote back to India, but then began his unsuccessful stories, which are increasing and increasing over time. I leave the reader to see a movie that caught another story ... Performance. First Akshay. He got the best performance and is absolutely convincing in his portrait like Harilal Gandhi. The scene where he gets into the room where his dead bodies are placed is where you can see a subtle actor who is hidden / developed in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and able to live such a bigger than life character. He worked successfully and well. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already emerged as her metal in TV series. Bhumika chawla has also played well, but the actress of her candidacy has been wasted in these roles. Another actor also justifies their performances. Technique and make-up is also good and cinematography in particular, that the Duo tonal color picturisation was too good. The costume looks and matches the context. <br /> <br /> Overall, it is worth seeing a movie that is relatively slow in progress and impatient people, it can be boring, but it gives you insight into the area that is not transferred to the silver screen to date. Similarly, the way in which the story of progress and connection of the scene may appear to some people and critics in particular, but for the average observer of a movie like me, it is still enough to take me to the end.
