Although I have long been a fan of Peter Weir, I have not seen any of his Australian films until I've seen The Last Wave. And it was a pleasant, unpredictable surprise. Richard Chamberlain plays David, a lawyer called to advocate five natives who were charged with murdering another native. For David's peers, this is a clear case of a drunken disaster, and they think they should defend themselves by guilt and serve a quick punishment. But David believes that under murder there is a secret associated with tribal rituals. She continues to investigate, teaches not only her clients but also herself. <br /> <br /> To reveal more, it's ruining one of the strangest movies I've ever seen. I can only say that this film is a direction that no one expects. <br /> <br /> There are many elements that make it a fascinating film: for example, Chamberlain's acting; but also the performance of David Gulpillo, who plays a young native who introduces David to indigenous secrets; and Nandjiwarra Amagula, which plays an old native, a spiritual guide. Relationships between these three characters form the heart of the film. But it's also the way Weir suggests supernatural in the movie. David has dreams that warn him of the future. Australia is going through terrible weather, with storms, hailstorms and even mysterious black rain, which can only be polluted. But it is also a connection with the case that David advocates. As it relates to, it is one of the great revelations of the film. From small events, Weir manages to create an atmosphere of fear and oppression, suggesting future horrors without showing anything. <br /> <br /> Team Charles Wain's score is fantastic, especially using didgeridoo. Photography is also quite good. Russell Boyd, Weir's long-time DP, who won the Academy Award for the Master and Commander in 2004, portrays a dark, haunted world full of secrets. I also find it remarkable that for a film directed at natives, do not forget to indict against white culture or to celebrate famous traditions such as Tance With Wolves or The Last Samurai. This movie is too smart to be so simplistic. Sometimes it can be frustrating and may disrupt viewers who expect to complete the film with all that make sense; but for those who do not care about any peculiarities or ambiguities, The Last Wave is a great movie you can watch.
