Director Kinka Usher remains faithful to her creed: "Play it straight and they will laugh," and thanks to the excellent cast, he created what should become the first cult of the movie of all time, "Mystery Men". When Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a psychiatric institution, he captures Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), a superhero and threatens to take on Champion City, three want to be superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) came to rescue. Frankenstein joined the countless assortment of lower world noise, which became a huge rival. The Trio is aware of the need to help and decides to accept; what ends up is nothing short of an unforgettable "superhero" team ever made in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has anger; Shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raja sheds silver (mainly forks and occasional spoon, but never a knife); An invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) may become invisible until no one is looking; Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can break the weapons in half with his mind. Maybe; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can strike the ball with deadly precision; and Spleen (Paul Reubens) control gasp that can affect the whole room. It's a brilliant song that adds laughter without ever becoming a blessing or patronizing the audience and playing it straight all the time. The dialogue is funny and the performances provided by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, cheerful scenes, especially those in which the swimming pool and barbecue are hosted and hold interviews with the solicitous gathering of applicants; and another in the bar when Bowler has an interview with his long-standing father whose skull was implanted into a bowling ball. The funniest of all must be when the team really tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples because the whole movie is composed of a funny scene behind the other, tied with a soft humor that will laugh for a long time and think about it. The real secret of success is that Usher keeps everything real; relationships between characters are true, and the whole concept of "superhero" is played as a sensible one that in some way gives credibility to the whole action. In this world, the desires of Mr Fury and the rest are sustainable, and Usher keeps laughing without resorting to the chills or just the eyes. Hardbacks include Lena Olin (Edward Izzard), Tony P., Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) Pras (Tony C.) "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired movie that you can see over and over again, with the new taste to be guaranteed with every watch. In the immortal words of the Sphinx: "We are number one! Everyone else is number two or lower." Is it an Oscar movie good? Hardly; but for good time and lots of laughter, enjoy this comic creation; it's a real deal and you will not regret it. Rate this 10/10.
