In 1999 I saw "Mystery Men" when I was on vacation. When I came home, I went to see it again. Keep in mind that I was twelve, but at that time it was the best movie ever. I even collected ultra-rare action characters (I have them except Bowler, who is the hardest to find.) They did Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, Blue Raja, Spleen and Captain Amazing, if you're interested. There is William H. Macy an action figure in existence!). I've been watching it many times over the years, and it's still my favorite, especially for the pleasant memories of childhood. It's not the perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps a cult. <br /> <br /> Story: A lot of low-level superheroes will save the day. This was again done in the average, straight-to-video "The Specials" as well. But it's the other end of the spectrum: a big budget (a huge budget, almost $ 100 million I think) a studio comedy. Yes, the effects are exaggerated and the huge sets and the exquisite production design are a bit of a conspicuous plot. But do not think it's a stupid, special effect - a superhero movie - it's a parody. They fight with the villain Cassan Frankenstein, the people. He has a psychopractor, no matter what it is (it's a courtroom, he takes over the world, yada yada.) And the resident super captain Amazing (Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with commercial product logos on his costume, a nice touch) is kidnapped. (Kelly Mitchell, guess what he does), Spleen (great Paul Reubens, Farty) and Sphinx (Wes Studi, doing weapons), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, Britney Spears) half with his mind, I do not know). The rest of the fantastic cast of actors include Geoffrey Rush as Cassan, Lena Olin hardly released as Cassan's bride and only Tom Waits as a crazy dealer of weapons. So ... with Mac, Kinnear, Olin and Rush there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner), and Tom is calling Waits! But it is not perfect. It's exaggerated and there are some pieces of stupidity here and there (The Shoveller is full of them). The dialogue definitely prevails over the physical comedy that is sometimes lacking (there is a person who farts for his power, Case closed). Dialogue is definitely the pinnacle, cyclic mood of sphinx, mixed metaphors by Mrs. Furious, etc. It's a totally funny movie (almost forgets that it was the movie that left "All Star" Smashmouth out into the world.) Unfortunately, the film did not even critique the audience, as it should. The sequel was originally scheduled (the film is actually based on comic book and "The Flaming Carrot" comics), but it did not work well in the box office. It could have been hard to sell, superhero comedy with a guy from "There's something about Mary". It could also be the fact that he was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which was the biggest hit for August - just like "The Thomas Crown Affair." Two other incomprehensible classics were released in the same overcrowded weekend - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics have made MM passive reviews but were quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, at the Peast of Jerry Stiller comedy center, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented on Ben Stiller that "I've seen Mystery Men, and I shot my agent." Ben is then seen on the mouth of the word, "I should." Do not listen to him. Give "Mystery Men" a chance.
