You know the people in the movie are worth when the kings hail fall from the bright blue sky. In fact, the weather in this whole atmospheric thriller is bad and only Chamberlain's lawyer has the answer. But he is too European rationalist, I gather to come into contact with this inner being, which is revealed only through dreams. Dark original mystery heavy on metaphysics by director-writer Peter Weir. He has already flirted his skill with a different size at the Hanging Rock picnic (1975). Here is the mysterious world of Australian natives who will confront the confrontation of a tightly organized world of predominant whites. Something strange happens inside the native community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Juppie Chamberlain lawyer should defend them in the white yard. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things they get, the more interested he gets into the strange old native. And then there are those dreadful dreams that come and go in odd times. The structured scenario deepens interest. One of the reasons why the movie works is the normal background of Chamberlain's wife and small daughters. Viewers can easily identify with them. And when their small world passes through forces beyond the usual framework, it is normal for us to start working and we feel that the world is starting to collide. Chamberlain underestimates the whole, especially during an underground discovery, where I think he should show a greater growing awareness than he does. After all, it's lifting a mask that holds the key (I believe) on the puzzle, but its reaction does not really detect the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the nature of the hitting back has some resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the concept is packed in a lot of fun hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains informative. One way to refute the central irony in the film is to symbolize the opening scene. Large white SUVs are barreled around an indigenous family, so they are in historical dust. The terrain looks like an internal tribal reservation, which has no special significance for offshore meat preparations in which the industry dwells. Yet it is also an area that is likely to survive as a devastating last wave. Maybe there's something about the past and the future I think. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a really good movie that probably stays with you.
