Spoilery I loved later episodes from school and on, but I wish I could take the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the latest I could get is the first college season. Still teenage years were sweet; although they have concentrated much on magic, they have also made it a character that could relate to teens, to teach young people and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not get into morbid teenage problems like sex and drugs but they were doing coercion to get inside I like to watch her grow up and deal with her magic on her own and try to convince her to let her go while she left the nest . The older episodes were cute, but it was much better to see her as (and not a really teenage witch), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; were so talented! In earlier episodes, great actors were actor, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but in some ways treated like a small child, but by no means. I think by basing it on every little mistake she made with her magic, I think you'll let her learn one of her own mistakes! I liked it in school episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without being based on everything; it was unpleasant. You're not going to get rid of Hildy and Zeldy. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her personality perks. I liked the last episode when she fled from married Harvey, but as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened next. I think I believe it was obvious he was getting married. where else would they run away in their wedding dresses? But I'd like to see it. I supposed that they wanted to let the viewer to choose the end, though rather than the spoon that fed us like most comedies. Someone said they could show they were marrying and going to school in the house but had already graduated from college. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey did a good job because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end but never tells what he's doing. As a child, he always talks about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his dad. When Sabrian moved to the house this season, they never say how it happened. In fact, there is a lot that the show does not explain, but I suppose it is to leave it and give us some secrets. Sabrina and her friends returning to the house show that Hilda is getting married and this whole charm ends when Zelda turns into a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is in some other form, but Beth is not in the episode) but they do not show Zeld's husband or what happened, just like kids? Perhaps they did not want too much in one episode. I also like Hart's sister playing her spoiled cousin! She was a pretty and great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! I could believe it was six years since the show broke out of the air! I still love repeating! I also do not know if anyone noticed it, but in earlier episodes the city was called Westbridge (the city that I thought should be near Salem), but in later episodes the name of the town where Westbridge is going and I think they call it Boston, if it's not just where she worked. I also wanted to add, I found an episode of Wild Wild Sabrina, where she learns about the meaning of the rules that it is an insult. She was 18 years old and too old to be on the floor; I would be offended if my parents made me eighteenth. And I think while an eighteen-year-old man could hurt what he did, he must learn the implications alone. I think they know at 18 that the rules are important.
