I have this movie on DVD and I have to watch it now thirty times. I really have to love him, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer in my life and I loved the sport. To this day, I'm fascinated by good surfing. Giant rider has a lot of it, so I'm on it. But I definitely have bones with me. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the movie has too little faith in its subject. Cutting and editing waves is such that most of them are a bit destroyed. Very, very little waves are actually displayed from start to finish. Peralta seems to be dependent on the hyperkinetic cut-and-pace method. This is particularly bad in the central part of the Mavericks site in northern California. No single wave is driven, it will begin to finish. Almost the entire section about Mavericks (one-third of the film) is a sparkling assembly of clips with the same joyous soundtrack. I understand the effect that Peralta attempted to reach with Maverick, because the place is a really scary mixture of bone crushing waves in the cold open ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are indeed stranded, even with great performance. It would be good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks it's a great sport (and I'm sure he does), why does he insist that so many of the themes get confused? Sometimes editing will reduce the movie to an unpredictable. There is one quick clip in the section about Peah in Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even when I'm running on slow playback on DVD, the image is too fast to be decrypted. It must be a few frames of max. <br /> <br /> Second, do the guys who have ever learned of this thing about underestimation? It is particularly difficult to watch the version of the directors on DVD. These guys sound like two girls over the upper valley. The same sentiment appears in the main production. Every thing is always so damn 'awesome', etc. One character is just unpleasant - Sam George, editor of Surfer Magazine, who practically drank pants every time he has something to say. He's great to pull on the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a huge amount of effort that went into this movie. I mean, just to get the old movies they have, and all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's a generally captivating pastime. It is thematically well grounded, with three parts centered around Greg Nollo, Jeff Clark, and Laird Hamilton. There are some shooting modes that are phenomenal. Director's story tells you it's a new type of 3D technology and really works. The three main characters glisten both in conversations and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is revealed. He's at the top of his sport in a way I've seen in basketball just by Michael Jordan. And the story of his encounter with his father is a gem. He really touched me. <br /> <br /> The movie could have been a lot more. The last part of the movie, when credits are being opened, indicates what it could be like. Some beautiful panoramic wave shots with a wonderful soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is litter, although you may like it if you are a fan of a modern, frenetic-rock school.) Anyway, I have two cents ...
