I remember seeing it when it was released, in a theater in Palo Alto and not expecting much. I mean - Australian film? But eventually I thought. Here's the scene. Richard Chamberlain sits cross-legged on the floor of a dilapidated apartment in Sidney, facing the Australian older native Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were out of my house at night, you scared your wife, you?" And Charlie deliberately replies: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? Who are you? Who are you? a clumsy, handsome face filled the screen in opposition to Charlie's black, wide bearded, bearded face, and the two guys could not differ anymore, and this film is a story about how Chamberlain accidentally encounters his humorous legal existence in the inexplicable, almost insignificant secrets of Charlie's world. I have to say that anyone who has done research on the Australian indigenous systems of faith should get plus, they have everything, uncovering the bone to the times of dreams, a sort of parallel universe, in which is a real scary movie without any musical points or wonderful special effects. Chamberlain's dreams for reasons that have never been completely clear. If there is a problem with the script, that's it. Nothing is entirely clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have some extraordinary relationship with natives, die in the last wave? Do natives? All Sidney? The basic prerequisite is also a bit difficult to accept, even though it is fantasy. Natives are invested with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to the American Indians, while the reality lies in the fact that mythology is mythology and while one can be more complex or more satisfied - more elegant and beautiful, if you like - mythology is still an attempt to overcome the ordinary, demanding and sometimes disappointing physical existence. Charlie's Mysticism is more convincing that the miracles of Moses in Cecil B. DeMille are "Ten Commandments," but they are brothers under the skin. But I do not care. The film is considered good and is particularly important for celebrity design by Peter Weir and the Australian film industry. It was the first of a large wave of antipodes, some of which were nasty, like "Mad Max" and some soft and dramatic, like "Lantana." I like Wei's things that resemble Nicholas Roego in being pregnant with an irritated fear. Try "Picnic on Hanging Rock" as an example of how to create a really cool film without a drop of blood.
