The Equestrian Rider is a great documentary that deeps deep into the world of one of the most underestimated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion to capture only director Stacy Peralta. Everything from structure, players, to amazing serial footage, even in the style in which the film was shot, only strengthens the beauty and strength behind the sporty surfing. Of all the surfing movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step into Liquid), that was the most consistent and most important. Beginning with the early surfing (short historical lesson), which lasts until Laird's infamous ride, the Giant Giants go further into the mind, heart and soul of sport than any other document. How does he do that? By giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction, or jig jogging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> The beginning of this movie was structurally sound. In the other films I've seen about surfing, sometimes you find jumps from a new person to a new person, a wave on a wave, event on an event, without any knowledge of why or who? In Equestrian rides, we have a very small cast of veterans and newcomers. This will allow you to deeper into the minds of each one. Instead of just waves, we go into the world with more history and a more personal view than before. That really attracted me to this movie. I was amazed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it's a big wave movie), we listen to the stories and see firsthand what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves. I loved information about beach beaches or surfing. I still have the amazing stories of Greg Nolse and his early adventures in cruel blue. Then, to see him personally, he was talking about what was going on in his head, just adding more fuel to the fire. The simple structure followed by Peralta allowed me to follow and go with more knowledge of sport than with some of my earlier films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be amazed at what these brave people are doing and where the sport is happening. Add some intense and creative cinematography to the immaculate structure, and you have the perfect perfect movie. Using the techniques I've seen on Kid Stays in Picture in Picture, Giant Riders create some scenes that almost feel as if they were jumping off the screen. Although it's not 3D, it's the flat dimensional feeling you get when you put two pictures on yourself. It worked in this movie. It created more depths in the scenes and really added not only to the shock value (the human waves were huge), but also the dangers these guys were constantly faced with. If they disintegrated otherwise or maneuvered badly, these waves would kill them. Some died, but the sport did not stop. It created more excitement and more passion to make it better. It is this love of ocean and sport which leads me to my last point. Human element. Many of my former adventures in the world of documentary film surfing have left me with beautiful waves, but very few people. Films knew people watched the waves, so it would basically go from wave to wave to wave, and perhaps a short second of that person. This film was the opposite. Peralta has created this masterpiece by still giving us waves, but it gives more attention to surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What is spreading through their minds, what is pushing them to go on, and the bonds that are being created while out there on the wild blue side. I felt after watching this film that I was not only familiar with surfing the big waves but also about the emotional side of the sport. It was an element that was not developed in other films, and pushed Rider's riders to a whole new level. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was great. I have never witnessed so much passion, devotion and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From start to finish I was amazed. I would be delighted if this film won Oscar this year as the best documentary film and see a new rebirth in the world of surfing and open another door for films of this nature. <br /> <br /> Rating: *** ** Off *****
