"Film Noir" is an overused expression when it comes to describing a movie. Every crime drama seems to be "noir". But "Where the Pavement ends" is really a good example of what the genre is. <br /> <br /> Very briefly, a supernatural detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnika who works for mobsters. Killing is blamed on the father (Tom Tully) of the woman with whom Andrews meets and falls (Tierney). To save Dad from old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the crowd and turns around. The moral wrestling cop is driven by impulses from the past. His father was a thief who was killed and tried to fire out of prison. But that does not justify his actions after accidentally shutting down no-goodnik in self-defense. He immediately comes to the phone to report the incident, but hesitates. He's already in hot water with the department and he can finish his career. It is only at the wrong time that the phone rings. It's Andrews's partner and Andrews tells him that the suspects they are at the end is not at home. Hides the body and later releases the shooter and throws the body into the river. What motivates a person to do something so stupid? Good. His work was threatened. But now many crimes are committed. At least I think it must be multiple. I counted on the obstacle to justice, the attack, the liquidation of the body without permission, the garbage, the first mopper and the false witness against his neighbor. We do not know if root for Andrews or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, but it was an accident because Andrews did not know he was a war hero and "had a silver plate in his head." Perhaps this is an ambiguity that makes it impossible to do what it was, among other things, as distinctive lighting. If noir included nothing more than black and white photographs, murders, criminals, secrets, and suspicious women, then we would have to include all of Charlie Chan's films under this heading. <br /> <br /> Andrews is pretty good. It's a sort of Mark MacPherson (from "Laura") who was bitter. She never knows, and rarely smiles, although she sits across Gene Tierney's restaurant table, a situation that could make smiles for many men. No sense of humor at all. A few jokes are destroyed. When he pulls the stool into the cabin and the stool says, "Carefully, I almost hit my head," Andrews's stubble is, "It's okay, the cab is insured." Andrews might seem a little wooden, but that is a task that requires a hard and humorous determination and is well treated. Its undervaluation is perfect for this part. Little wailing or blinking reflects his thoughts and emotional states. And I think director Otto Preminger stopped him from saying the bullet as "BOO-years" and the police as "POE-lice." I could never decide on Gene Tierney. She does well in the role of daughter Tom Tully, model, but she is like Marilyn Monroe in that you can not separate accepted manners from real personality traits. Does Tierney really have such an innocent, almost holy personality? When she called her home, she had her voice the same quality she had on the screen? Poor Tierney has gone through a bad psychiatric affair before there were some effective bipolar disorder drugs. And Andrews, a handsome kid, though it seems, slipped into alcoholism before he eventually recovered and made public service announcements. DVD Comment Peter Mullera is casual, informed and sometimes entertaining. /> <br /> Anyway, it's a good movie, just like a good example of a movie noir. Good guys are not all good, though all the bad guys are all bad. Maybe it's the ambiguity that makes him an adult image instead of a popcorn movie. For children, only one shot is shot on the screen, and no one escapes. Excuse me.
