The shape of a Turkish bath in the movie noir, located in New York in the 1950s, must be a sign of something! Something that has been revealed in all of the previous comments has noticed, but I find it necessary to understand this film. Turkish Spa Succession: Back Street at Night, Dirty Saunas and Scalise wrapped in a leaf and massaged thighs. Steve, the masseur is a young boxer (Beefcake!) And another guy, bodyguard? finish dressing. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there, and he is immediately threatened. We know he has a reputation for robbing the suspects. A good policeman, but getting out of control easy. Why does he hate it? <br /> <br /> It could be that he hates himself. This part he inherited from his father? The dark side that could bring him directly to the end of the sidewalk into the trough? What if the dark side lurks in the "closet"? Remember: whenever Dixon meets Scalis (3 times), the guy lies on the bed and has only a man around him (the company is the irony of the "Girls" poster that hangs on the wall near his bed!). /> <br /> Scalise acts funny: it affects the behavior, crouches arrogantly, defiantly, and cradles his inhaler (poppers?) into his nostrils each time he talks to Dixon. Dixon, with revenge, bent to Scalise trying not to understand: "I've never seen a man so full of hate as you, I think it's almost funny you came to me." as if I were strange! Why? "<br /> <br /> Because Scalise is indeed something special: he is the direct heir to Dixon's father:" Your father loves you, "" Your father made me business. "Dixon is well aware," Who killed him (Paine), you or some of your teammates? "" Playmates "Notice how each time they meet, Dixon Manhandles Scalise: chooses a directory from the jacket, slapping his face, striking him. "Scalise:" I warn you not to touch me! "Dixon's homophobia is obvious, or it's different: his un-expressed homosexuality Dixon, aka Dixon's child, is the son of a thief, in response to that he has decided to become a cop, good, but there is something wrong in him, the dark side: he's violent copper , a murderer, a liar, besides being married, he brings a "dizzying blonde" to his famous dining place, but nothing else, the shocking waitress says he does not know how to love a woman Dixon has a deep sense of guilt and hence hates "A hat and a gangster like his old man. Blood will tell us. "Finally, to make redemption, Dixon decides to sacrifice himself: if he gets his alter ego Scalise to kill him, he frees himself from guilt and free the girl and her father. <br /> The end of the film takes us back to the introductory sequence: Scalise puts them in the trough and Dixon deserves the right to walk along the sidewalk and win the love of the ladies. <br /> The unintentional theme of the film could be very good as a man who wants to cover up his suppressed feelings and wants to experience a woman's love (Jean Douchet) br /> <br /> A lot of the commentary Jean Douchet in French DVD released by CarlottaI
