"Where the Path Ends (1950)" opens correctly with the names of Dany Andrews and Gene Tierneys written on the pavement as dirty water flows down between the sewer rods. Does the sidewalk represent honesty, integrity and morality? only scammers and delinquents walk into the trough. But even the most honest men tend to miss them sometimes, and when the walkway suddenly ends, it sometimes turns out that it is impossible to avoid a wet shoe. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in a trough, his father was a professional criminal, and his whole life spent a march back on the pavement, which was constantly balancing on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the grace and integrity his father missed, but he has a tip he can not escape. When his quick temper leaves the murder suspect, Dixon finds himself as the father he has scorned, a cheap criminal who will cheat and lie to cover his offense. "Where the Path Ends" was the only film that reunited with Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the excellent Lauret (1944), "although the two films, in terms of noir, could not be separated from each other. had a strong intimacy about the murder story at home, this film is more conventional than the harsh urban police track.As a deliciously unforgettable performance like Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney is deeply unused here and occupies a typical niche of a nice, powerless of romantic interest (like in 1950 in Jules Dassin's The Night and the City)} Andrews, on the other hand, was rarely better, showing the toughness and restless anger I did not expect from him.Gary Merrill is kindly kind to the Scalise crime boss , but it seems that this is not enough role for this role and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo ( 1955) "a more suitable character; I did not realize this, but Conte appeared only a year earlier in the Preminger Whirlpool (1949). "The tension, when Dixon is trying to cover up his accidental crime, is absolutely riveting - surely among the strangest sequences of his era - even though I think the situation has not yet been exploited to the full potential, the taxi driver is the only person who could definitely identify Dixon as the offender , but Preminger is in a hurry when Dixon walks up the stairs If a witness was brought in when Dixon made his own moves outside the entrance to the apartment we could have some real fireworks And why, because of this, the taxi driver's testimony could not immediately free Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from suspicion of murder? Inconsistent inconsistencies such as these will destroy otherwise otherwise an excellent scenario from Ben Hecht, who traps his furious criminal into the underworld with heavy bush police officers and wise clerks.Andrews' shouting and hateful lawmaker scared with rage and reproach , seldom has done better, at least m the same as Robert Ryan in "On Dangerous Soil" (1952) in Nicholas Ray.
