New York Police Detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has a daily work with his own demons, simultaneously with encountering everyday life fluctuations. The tribulation of his internal struggle and his intense hatred for criminals lead him to serious mistakes in judgment and in inability to recognize the need for any code of conduct that should be observed when dealing with people on the wrong side of the law. He has experience with the treatment of suspected and known criminals with brutal brutality, and this has led him into conflict with his senior officers who have condemned him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. Dixon can not limit these challenges to his own extreme and irrational hatred towards all criminals. She is tortured by the fact that his father was a criminal and has been left with a strong need to live up to his father's reputation and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have about him. <br /> <br /> When a rich texana is murdered after a gambling evening by gangster Tommy Scalis (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixon's superior Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney), and that Paine was murdered. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and questions the suspect who is both drunk and uncooperative, and when Paine strikes him, Dixon gets paid and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to liquidate the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is questioned and, after describing what happened at Scalis, adds that her father drove to Paine's apartment later to speak to him that she had come back home with her face bruises. Paine attacked her a few years ago, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened to beat Paine if it happened again. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and accused of murder. No one accepted Dixon's explanation that Scalis had killed Texan and then killed Paine to expel him as a witness. Dixon continues his various efforts to get Scalise convicted, but eventually realizes that the only way to successfully accomplish his task is to write confessions about his own role in Paine's death and cover. He will do it, and he also notes that he will oppose Scalis to arrest a police gangster for the murder of Dixon. Confrontation with Scalis and eventual way Dixon reaches his own redemption, provide this thrilling thriller with a tight and reasonable conclusion. The tense and in love expressions of Dany Andrews express his constantly troubled nature and anxiety when dealing with a number of misfortunes involving Paine's accidental death. Dixon, however, is not the only one experiencing misfortunes like Morgan, the successful model loses its job due to all the problems that surround it. Her father, who was awarded a diploma to help the police a few years ago, was unjustly charged with the crime he committed. Ken Paine, a war hero, experienced unemployment and the loss of self-confidence that led to alcoholism and marriage, and Scalis, who was founded in Dixon's father's shop, also suffered from his own misfortune. <br /> <br /> "Where the Path Ends" is a deeply engaging story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
