The spell of the grandiose, visionary film noir Otto Preminger is that he has ambiguous intentions and betrays the gloomy essence of a central figure who is still bored by living in the shadow of his criminal. Dana Andrews is a murderous, repulsive cop, acting out as an outsider, irrational, and destructive, which may change because he could find a good woman to take care of him. The restless man justifies himself with his own confused impression. The tedious mood that was filmed in the second half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht is echoed in Andrews's tense performance as Preminger saturates the film in a substantially prosaic essence of style. At night we do not see and hear the city; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the rarest and the most distant factors. Dana Andrews delivers a complex character developed over his stripes of violence and hatred that always invades him. As the story unfolds, it is secretly entangled in situational chasms, but it is restored by external acts that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the vintage noir before performing them. a specific stage in the evolution of the genre is a breathtaking, wild and shadowy film noir that is placed in the underworld climate where the hero is so alienated that he is still raging, and despite losing his rational resistance, the principle of employment and ethical constraints, he's still a good cop. Preminger just winks at telling a socially conscientious drama about a harmed community in the city's vast panorama, rather that the thriller runs on Andrews's shoulders as an existential way of personal consequences for men with Oedipal fixation that becomes disconnected - the worsening effects of the law on his side and unwavering perception of right and wrong. Production companies in the early 1950s radiated on a socially problematic picture and rather a "low budget, low-risk thriller" like this, apparently in an effort to avoid conspiring critics and social activities. But for Preminger's inimitable approach, there is an expressionist affair. It puts every scene in the background of everyday drama. Each supporter must draw their own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoons or depressive comic reliefs. Every character thinks he's a star, as Karl Malden says as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch counter. Those are the stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, both agonized by their futile attempts to conquer their emotional intensity --- who do not want to be.
