Otto Preminger, who completed the noir cycle at Twentieth Century Fox, reunited with his Laura, which led to this sharp, rude detective track. Dana Andrews shows a policeman again, but this time he is obstinate, cynical and accused of police brutality by his superior - "You hate the hood, like to beat them!" Mark Dixon (Andrews) despises criminals because his father was a cheater. She does not want to be "Sandy Dixon's baby" so he became a cop, but his methods are cruel and hated. One night, investigating murder, unconsciously hitting the suspect, Ken Paine Craig Stevens) so hard to kill him. Dixon shakes to try to cover up the hated robber, Scalis (Gary Merrill) for a crime. However, Paine is the father-in-law, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), is stolen from her husband, but is still drawing to his gaming systems. Paine hit his wife, angry with his father who appeared in the apartment of his son-in-law, but not until Dixon had gone with his body. With no better suspects, Jiggs is arrested and charged. <br /> <br /> Damn with blame, Mark falls to Morgan and offers money to a lawyer. He decides to marry Scalis, but leaves the letter to be devoted to the department in the event of his death, confessing everything. Ultimately, he can not live with what he has done, and allows the letter to be read by his supervisor and Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan confesses her love for Mark and will wait for him. It was great to find this movie on DVD, after so many years of television unknown. Eddie Mueller, a movie night story historian, provides commentary and does a good job, but I find his claim that the audience would not capture the importance of unveiling both potential customers because "Laura" originated six years ago. In this regard, they are wrong because they appeared in the "Iron Curtain" two years before WTSE and the film was box-office success. Andrews and Tierney were fabulous together, and Ruth Donnelly is a huge comic relief as the owner of the Martha restaurant that flames the detective and the lady. Night sceneries of the city give the film a sense of threat. Gary Merrill is great as Scalise with a low life, which had a criminal past with Dixon's father ("Your dad loved me," Mark mocks). Karl Malden and the young Neville brand are amazing. And Tom Tully just touches and fun, because Morgan is an unjustly accused pop. Observable movie noir with fantastic cast.
