Where's the End of the Pavement (1950) <br /> <br /> Where One Ends, Another Begins <br /> <br /> This is a prototype movie noir, and as such, quite perfect both in terms of style and content View. The shooting and night setting are top class (cameraman Joseph LaShelle leaves dramatic scene in the scene after the scene) and close faces of pure expressionism. I can watch this kind of film only for visuals, even if the actors are fighting and the plot is sneaking. <br /> <br /> But acting is the most important here, and the conspiracy is what I consider to be the core of most of the new movies, the stealing male leadership (representing many men who have returned home to the altered states of the United States and feelings of loss after the war). In fact, not only Dana Andrews is really convincing as a rogue, reclusive detective, she has a small but important counterpart in the film, the first female leading female man, decorated with ex-GI, fell into heavy times and booze. The fact that one person kills another can have a monumental meaning, overall - a common guy who is struggling with success through his inner problems, while a soldier with a medal slips into a random death with a silver plate in his head. The woman goes from one to the other - we assume they will marry and have children, as was suggested earlier in the film. Even despite the fact that this is the case, we can still see the path of a man with a psychological luggage that hides the crisis to the highest sort of moral order - and he's just converted to a little crime he actually got into it. <br /> <br /> This movie belongs to Andrews. He plays a much more restrained and moving type than Kirk Douglas plays in a similar role in William Wyler's detective story made only a year later, and Andrews certainly less theatrical. You can easily see the two movies side by side for comparison of textbooks and contrast. The fact that Andrews as Detective Dixon is morally afraid of all of this, and Douglas as Detective McLeod is not, can explain why one person gets his girlfriend and the other does not. Gene Tierney pulls out a tremendously sympathetic, humble, and ultimately conventional and "pretty" type of woman - it's not just cardboard desirable, but somebody you want Dixon to really marry. <br /> <br /> Criminal plot is really secondary to the main drama, but it is effective enough in its game with types and clichés. The tiny details are elegant, tiny details (such as a portable cat chart) have nice touches, far from character actor or gambling casualties in Casablanca. But then Curtiz's brilliant film is iconic even in details - he does not make any effort to be gentle and real and penetrating, but instead is sweeping and unforgettable and inspirational. They come at the opposite ends of the war and represent the opposite possibilities for their leading men. Bogart started his duty, Dixon, and the man Dixon killed is over. Through, thoroughly, but not wash. It's no coincidence that many, perhaps most movie nours have what you would call "happy" ends. The man overcomes his adversaries and transforms his inner self and film pupil, then, and now, understands how beautiful he must feel.
