I'm a big fan of a movie noir fan and this movie by Otto Preminger is one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger gathered two of his stars from Laura - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews for a totally different kind of crime film. Laura was founded by love and this film is based on hatred; as we follow police detective Mark Dixon, the copper, who has been patiently controlling his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics, accidentally kills a suspect and tries to murder a known criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The land is greatly processed and Preminger perfectly balances several points; but everything goes back to the main moral implications around our main character. The fact that the film is placed in a criminal underground means that the story has an excellent base for work, and director Otto Preminger professionally captures the boundary of life by showing the main characters of gambling, hitting each other (and their women), filming and others - and it also helps to compensate the film from the former "Laura", which was largely established in the upper class society. Role Mark Dixon gives Danu Andrews one of the most exciting parts of his career. Here we have characters that are difficult because it is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives, guarantees that he is easily sympathetic to him and that allows the viewer to engage in his misfortune. Character development is well timed and as follows by character and motivation throughout the film; everything makes sense to the end. His star is beautiful Gene Tierney, who is not as strong in this movie as in the Lavra; a movie that made Tierney his piano. He tries to do what he has, however, and the leading duo's chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps to complete each scene in which he is. I can not say it's a better film than Laura before; it's hard to watch, but this film certainly fits into the noir movie better than the previous Preminger film. The film also makes a good benchmark for Laura; because almost everything in this film is compared to the film of 1944, but it is all strangely known. We highly recommend everyone!
