At first glance it would be natural to compare where the pavement ends with Laura. Both have noir quality, both directed by Otto Preminger and both stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most comparisons end. Laura dealt with the fashionable, sophisticated human resources that had just happened in the murder. Where the sidewalk ends are set in completely different layers. These are people who hardly have two Nickels to wreak together, who are more often used to seeing a company's hold than to go with fancy dresses. Where the pavement ends, it is a grainy film full of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon. Small hoodies are a dime, and policemen usually beat confessions from scammers. Capturing homicide investigations seems as natural as breathing. While I did not see my whole work, on the basis of what I saw, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances a beaten cop, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He's a kind of cop who's used to rummaging local hoods if he gets information or confessions. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does everything to cover it up. But things get complicated when he falls into a dead man's wife, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the event of a murder. Because Morgan's father means a world for her, Dixon must do what she can to clean up the old man without learning. Technically, where the end of the sidewalk is excellent. In addition to the awesome performance from Andrews, the movie always contains the wonderful Tierney. It has a quality that even the deadliest moments can look lighter. The rest of the cast is just as solid as Tom Tully, because the wrongly accused father is really outgoing. In addition to acting, the direction, set, lighting, and cinema are the highest. Overall, it's a surprisingly well filmed movie. If I have one complaint (and of course it's a very, very minor bug), it's such that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its surroundings. It's a little difficult to believe that such a woman may be mistaken for some of those unpleasant characters. It's not her fault, it's the way Tierney comes across. It looks a bit too beautiful, polished and delicate for this part. But her soft, kind and trusting nature adds a sense of realism to her portrayal.
