Where the pavement ends, Otto Preminger meets Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney again, surely in the hope of regaining Laura's magic. But they are strangely unimaginable films that are found in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the universe noir). A nice Gothic fog floats over Manhattan laurel, with its erotic obsession and faint smell of necrophilia; Where the end of the pavement is pure urban black and gravel, which is surrounded by city basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. But every film is so fine as his predecessor and stained-wool noir (Laura, on the contrary, one of the continuous films from 1944, which the French first called "noir", was still a very sophisticated murder mystery). Daylight enters only very temporary misery, and Joseph LaShelle uses the most aisles and brown stones, docks, and El. This is a typical big city - specifically Big Apple - noir, like several other 1950 bumpers, such as Side Street and Sleeping City, Tattooed Alien and Edge of Doom. As the film opens, police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways, especially his vendetta against Gary Merrill's crime boss (whom we found founded in the shop by Father Andrews ne'er-do-well). When an alien is stabbed to death by a floating box run by Merrill, Andrews triggers a witness and causes him a fatal crack in the skull (worsened by a steel plate installed in a veteran's head). Realizing that his work is already on track, Andrews folds the body into the river after the suspect has seemed to have taken the powder. Of course, this is far from ending. The murderer is discovered, his estranged wife turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence begins to unfold from his father (Tom Tully), a hacker driver who met in the night of murder not only to have enough reason to want his killer to die. But the enraged loner Andrews finds in Tierney's call to his better nature; he tries to justify his father while still holding his own entanglements into the whole sordid mystery business .... Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the scenario for Where The Walkway Ends (Ben Hecht) Shows (in the second dress, his supervisor tells Andrews, "Look you are all - like a crazy grandmother "). But while Laura extended her attention to half a dozen characters, here is Andrews's only focus (even Tierney's role is far less central than her half-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never have reached his appearances. It is stiff and silent, but never more eloquent than when his face is silently recording the anxiety brought by his own stubbornness. He is an exhausted sufferer who can only be released through a safety valve of violence (even relying on his loyal partner Bert Freed). Surely, he finds a fast way to redemption, though his beautiful star. But that was the style of those times, and the glorified end has nothing to undermine this New York story of violence, corruption, and urban tangles.
