As a young teenager at the time, Airwolf was obliged to watch for a generation that wanted their "Cowboys and Indians" to have amazing gadgets and whiz bang bangs. In many ways, the show was basically Knight Rider in the Sky: a similar comic technology, a central figure that was basically a solitary one, and reflecting the concept of one person who has changed. But in other important ways it was thematically very different from Knight Rider, Street Hawk, The A-Team and other action shows of that time. First, the presumption of the series is not built on the desire to help those in need, but Stringfellow Hawke is holding Airwolf for essentially selfish reasons (as a lever to try to find his brother MIA, Saint John). And then there is the dark edge that has been ensured by setting the series firmly in the context of the Cold War in the 1980s, complemented by Soviet espionage and Central American dictators, not to mention the enemy inside. Sure, the A-Team team constantly referred back to Vietnam and the status of the team as refugees, but it was generally done with a light touch and was rarely central to the site itself. With Airwolf, intrigues were the key to the tone and direction of the show - though it was (poorly recommended) diluted as the series continues. With retrosight, the Cold War setting clearly dates to the series, many of the stories are gruesome and conceived, and much of what Airwolf does is obviously unlikely even with today's technology. But there really is no reason. Airwolf was furiously entertaining, trying to tell interesting stories without relying only on big action sequences, and did not purge everything that miraculously ensured that no one had died. Sometimes it did not work, but it has often been great - and the TV budget booming. For UK readers, DMAX (Sky Channel 155) is just starting (Jan 2008) the daily takeover of Airwolf. Set up your Sky + field for this past blast - we can even get a re-cast, re-cast (and sadly terribly worse) fourth season, which, to my knowledge, has never been shown in the UK before.
