George Cukor directs this high-quality story of tension in the theatrical world with the usual sensitive but firm touch. Does Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still persists despite some revolutionary moments? it's hard to forget his haunted face when he deliberately scatters about social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subkeys, and Sugar is doing a great job to clarify it without having to force it too hard. The script of Garson Kanina and Ruth Gordon is brilliant and blends the scattered theater world with the sad world of the streets and uses the elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to the main theme of film jealousy and obsession with Colman's obsession with identity. <br /> <br /> A few interesting things about this movie? superficially it could be dismissed as too good a healing of actor's everyday problems. In other words, if the art of art required such a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have the exhaustion of the psycho-methodic actors who are haunting the streets. But I really do not think this story is the most important interest in acting or working / able to act on its own. I think Anthony's struggles represent a wider existential question, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. There is a key in his relationship with his former wife, Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he will never have or could become a good actor without her inspiration. And elsewhere he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about it, but I think it's important, especially because it's her obsession and the jealousy that ultimately goes beyond her. Perhaps this is the consequence of Anthony being in the first place in danger by entering a serious relationship. Marriage means "connecting the soul" in a traditional way. It is unusual that male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not entirely unprecedented (Comic Hawks "His Girl Friday"), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up solving their romantic departments. In this way, the film may mean that jealousy is another form of self-interest.
