**** SPOILER ALERT **** In summer in Australia, summer has changed into a flood of rainy and hailstones of baseballs that have caused confusion in coastal cities such as Sydney. Under these hectic conditions, tax lawyer David Burton, Richard Chamberlain, participated in the case as a lawyer, which included the death of a local native who was found dead at a bar in Sydney. <br /> <br /> After five comrades who were arrested behind Billy Cormans, Athlete Compton, it is a death that police will decide that Billy died of drowning, not by violence, even though he had a bruise on his neck and shoulders. Still, the court decided to prosecute five for their death, which accused them of killing instead of murder. David defended five of them did not get any help in defending them with accused strikers who chose to stay fairly Billy became himself and took the court what was coming. One of the defendants, Chris, David Gulpili, begins to somehow attack David's dreams as if he wanted to tell him what Billy really was about. David initially did not get his dreams about Chris seriously begins to feel that he is real when he meets him in a courthouse. Chris confirms David's dreams by showing him that David saw Chris in his dreams. Later, he meets Chris and Charlie (Nandjiwarna Amagula), who came to his house in the evening, learned that Charlie had the spiritual power he had inherited from his mother's grandfather. These powers will reveal to him the future that has to do with the strange weather conditions that flood the Australian continent. Earth, Chris says to David, goes through a gigantic cleansing cycle with the old world to be flushed, and a new world ready to take the place. David is confused by what Chris and Charlie call him, but as the rain continues to grow and the ocean waves begin to grow, he feels something horrible will happen. David wants to know if it's all indigenous folklore, or there are some scientific facts or logic behind their end of world-view revelations. It is obvious that both Chris and Charlie are members of an indigenous tribe right in the heart of modern Sydney. That in itself can release Chris, like his four friends, for the murder of Billy. Since the Australian government will not prosecute native indigenous peoples, the tribes themselves have to be left with some kind of justice. Still, Chris refuses to admit that he is a member of his native tribe, and he and his four friends are sentenced to death in Billy's death with judgments delivered by the judge within a few days. David now decided to find out what was the reason for Chris's silence, and why Billy had to die, was accepted by Chris as the crime scene. There David found that Billy betrayed members of the tribes of Chriss by Billy not being a member of tribal tribe of Chris. David is also revealed to have a spiritual connection with the Australian natives, as Charlie and his stepfather Rev. Burton David Parslow. <br /> <br /> The stage is now set to the great and final cleaning cycle that David saw in both the night's dream and the day's vision. It comes in the form of a massive tidal wave that stretches from the Pacific Ocean to the Australian coastal city of Sydney and then submerges the entire continent.
