Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and feeling of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can not remember who exactly is - who is his role and who is alone. And much more serious, he begins to see and hear his game even in everyday life. So from the time he's currently playing in "Othello," he starts to act jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. It finally leads him to the depths of madness and murder. I saw the movie years ago and I liked it. I saw her again and he loved it. Now maybe it's a bit of my enthusiasm because I always enjoyed Ronald Colman and it was a great triumph for him - and he won Oscar for best actor. And when we look at the competition this year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH OTĚŘ and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING STÁLE ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice, his usual comfortable zone and made a much more challenging role. Now I noticed that one filmmaker hated this film because he hated Shakespeare - and it took about half of their reviews when they talked about their displeasure. But this movie is not about Shakespeare, and it does not really matter if you like Shakespeare. I'm not a huge fan of Shakespeare, but I was amazed at the small parts of Colman's play again - though, as I said, it's not really a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it's a beautiful portrait of an actor who loses his mind and mixes his scene with reality. It could have been any play, though "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - which really really began to show up in the movie. Overall, he was a very clever film due to the beautiful script - with some subtleties of Noir. Fortunately, acting was also amazing because Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his part just right). And since director George Cukor directs, it's no wonder it's a great movie from start to finish.
