I like my Ronald Colman, who is funny and dear, the man you see in such films as if I were the King and the Kismet. I like him as an embodiment of civilization like The Lost Horrizon and Random Harvest. Colman is not popular. But in Double Life, just because his role as actor Anthony John is so extraordinary for him, Colman was recognized as the best Oscar for 1947. This became his most famous part. <br /> <br /> Colman is an actor who really takes the method quite seriously. He's just finished comic in a successful way, and he's a pretty bloody man. For a change in pace, when this game closed Broadway's run, Colman brought Othello to New York. About how you can get to the other side. <br /> <br /> His leading lady in both is his former wife, Signe Hasso, who loves him dearly but can not change his mood when he is at work. Colman loves her and wants her back. But he is about to collapse when he begins to mature with the jealous Moor Othello and Hasso with her role as Desdemona. Unfortunately Shelley Winters as a poor waitress who deprived Colman rises to get out of his madness and she ends up in chaos as poor Desdemona. Killing in the same way, and now it's a matter of murdering cop Joe Sawyer. Colman's performance is so good that one is weird that it's a professional hazard with actors? I thought it would be, there were some unresolved murders in or around Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles, and then they unloaded Othello. <br /> <br /> I could not buy the story enough, but I'm sure to applaud Ronald Colman and what he did with that part. I'm sure there was a disappointing inclination in him when he won the Oscar, because one of the other candidates was his good friend William Powell for life with his father. Others in the run this year were Gregory Peck for Gentlemen's Agreement, John Garfield for Body and Soul, and Michael Redgrave for sadness to become Electra. Colman gets support from the rest of the cast, including Edmond O 'Brien, who finds himself in the unwanted part of Cassia in Colman's jealousy. Still, you will not find any equivalent in the Double Life of Iago, which no one pours jealousy, all in his own mind. And one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century.
