DOUBLE LIFE has developed a secret among fans of the film for two reasons: the idea of ​​plotting an actor so engaged in a role (here Othello) to pick up the big mistake of this character and put it into his life; and that it is the film he won as the best actor Ronald Colman Academy Award (as well as the Golden Globe). Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman the biggest role or even his signature role? I have my doubts at both levels - but it is one of his most famous roles. Most of his career was played by Ronald Colman to decent masters, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleaned up in Goldwyn's production not being an arrogant racist) to fight crime. It's Raffles, a big cricket player and an even bigger thief who tries to pull his best burglary to save a friend's honor. It's Robert Conway, a great imperial political figure who was kidnapped and brought to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, who agrees to know that his masterpiece has been destroyed and he knew he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is unconsciously vicious - killing one person and almost killing two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior is anti-social. For me, Colman was to get an Oscar for Heldar or Carton or Conway - which is more typical for his role acting. But the academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles for giving treasure to its leaders. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance and really scary in one place. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she at the top of the stairwell and at the base, have an argument. He asks for "Tony" to leave and says he does not see him. She looks at her, her face strangely stiffens as he has never used before, and he says, "Oh, no, no!" He starts to move up, scary Hasso, and he enters his room. He stops and leaves. It's actually the real highlight of his performance - even more than his attacking Hasso on the stage or Edmonda O'Brien or his killing Shelley Winters. It turned out to be his blind fury. For this moment it was (for me) an Oscar-winning performance. But it's just that moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should be awarded for a more rigorous performance. His true performance as Othello in Shakespeare's film is not great but tolerable. Too often, it lets the dialogue discard the language of its kind of forced singing (one asks if it was Walter Hampden's coaching, who probably knew how to handle the role correctly or respond to it). Today, "Othello" plays an African-American actor more often than white. Paul Robeson's outstanding performance in the role has set this tradition firmly in place. But the three most famous film performances of this section are Colman's, Orson Welles' movies in OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his OTHELLO film. All three white actors played in a black face. My personal favorite of three is Welles, which seems to be the finest. But even watching Welles' film release makes me uneasy that Robeson has never done his performance (with Jose Ferrero as Iago) on the film. Now the first question - can the actor get the role? I have heard something different about it. Some actors admit that they play a role in theater or film. Others have found the role they must stimulate, influence them on the new cause of their life or some aspect of life. But in fact, I have never heard of who became the role of murder. It seems to be a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Sugar, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, "BRIGHTON STRANGLER" used the role of a "Jack the Ripper" actor in the lead role in 1944, and who begins to commit this type of killing after an accident influences his mind. In the 1930s a movie appeared in which an actor who plays Othello is jealous of his wife (I think the title is MEN is not God but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career and Sugar's direction, it's the LIFE OF LIFE that people think when they recall this idea. She even achieved a comedy (eventually) in the CHEERS episode, where Diane Chambers helps a former convict who may have an actor's talent, and they dressed OTHELLO in the bar just after he saw her with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of a former convict and can not prolong production for so long to try to start a discussion about the history and symbolism of the game. <br /> <br /> Casting the Double Life was the first speed, and Sugar's direction was as sure as ever. The film is definitely worth watching. But in spite of giving Colman an interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
