Legend of Dragoon is one of the little-known games that people either love or hate. Some people say it's too similar to other games, namely Final Fantasy - which is understandable because it was originally meant to be the Sony Final Fantasy equivalent. Frankly, I can not comment on similarities beyond that because I'm not very familiar with FF games. I think my favorite aspect of the game is the combat system. Not only do you have the ability to change a stronger dragoon shape, but every time you attack, you have to pay attention to complete the attack by pressing the buttons at the right time. And not just that, sometimes your enemies invade you right in the middle of the sequence, which means you have to press different buttons to avoid damage. Even the use of certain attack items requires a little click on the buttons. If you do not want to attack, you can always guard, which not only cuts damage in half but increases your score points without the use of medication. <br /> <br /> FMVs are quite well-finished, of the same quality as Final Fantasy 8. However, graphics during the game are not entirely in line with this standard. They are nice, but they could have been - and honestly, it should have been - better. Translation also leaves something to be desired. Not only does it raise interesting relationships with questions, but also some grammatical errors that simply should not be allowed. <br /> <br /> Another thing I found interesting was the loss of the main party figures - one dies and the other is basically useless at the party and leaves. While at the death of one character it is often said that it does not make sense, you will realize that the characters, while the heroes are still as deadly as other people. People who replace lost characters simply get all their stats, so the transition game is fairly smooth. Perhaps my only character complaint is the love of the main person, Shane. It is the embodiment of a helpless woman who needs a rescue, poor to drive the driver with frustration. While you can use it in your party, it is madly weak - I do not know what her Dragon forces are, for I did not love her so much that I never used it. Character Rose, on the contrary, is probably my favorite female figure in any game. She is not a wand and some of her magical dragoons are extremely useful. Meru is also quite strong, while sometimes he is unpleasant to say a brat. The figures of the designers, like most of them, were inclined to make women look pretty or whatever, and not much to think about the real usefulness of the clothing. Seriously, no armor and most of the skin that is exposed is useful in fighting monsters. But I will give them props because they have women in the rhythm like knights. <br /> <br /> I can not comment on the plot because I sincerely pointed out where I needed to go. I'm not sure if it says anything about the conspiracy itself or about my game style. Overall, this is a very nice game. It has its shortcomings, but for me it has just hit the right balance that we have to think and just press the buttons and kill the monsters.
