This two-part TV mini-series is not as good as the 1966 original, but it's solid. The original has benefited from a large number of things - everything in black and white, having great jazz scores and filming in real places, including the home of the sentenced Clutter family. This was important, because in the book and in the original film home is a very character itself. This remake was shot in Canada, which in my opinion doubles in Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as he dares, and Eric Roberts plays it as a rather fetishist man, his homosexuality almost hidden. Roberts's finer shot does not work yet because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith eventually ends up in a spasm of murder. While Robert Blake is not leaving for Smith, he does not doubt that Perry Smith was extremely dangerous. Anthony Edwards was great as a bombastic, spectacular, and ultimately cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brains of clothing. His performance is very well compared to the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. Because this is a longer film, it allows more time to develop the Clutter family, and in this respect I think the 1996 film has the advantage. The mess is just an excellent, decent family. They have never damaged another soul, and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family is eventually massacred so horribly. I still love that after the mess in the bathroom was blocked, Herb's mess did not disturb the window so that at least his children had a chance to escape. This movie has the idea of ​​it, but too late. From what I read about a real house that still stands as the bathroom is set up, they could open the sockets and effectively block the doors that would force the assassins to get inside. you have bought the time for some cliffs to escape. Why they failed, I have no idea. Fans of this book realize that this film has many freedoms as the crime is committed but not too serious. Still, it's viewers like audiences like me who read the case. Actors playing with policemen led by Sam Neil and Le Rossi are consistently superior, much better, I think, as a group than actors in the original film. They know that they had to admit to have a loop around their necks. And the officers came to the conversation without error. They have already discovered a probable alibi fake story about the journey to Fort Scott and have revealed every joke. The officers then allowed Smith and Hickcock to trap. Hickcock is b.s. an artist who can convince anyone of anything, and officers have honored him to tell his story. But when they diminish its boom, it breaks very quickly. It is very well shot and effective and very pleasing to watch, because the viewer should naturally lose weight with Hickcock, especially at this time, the coward who needs the easy manipulated Smith to kill him. Reportedly, Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from the mess but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least her degradation was spared. Actors playing Clutter are very good, Kevin Tighe like Herb Clutter in particular. The story is sensitive to Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, probably clinical depression, and Mrs Clutter has a remarkable inner strength when she strongly and strongly requires the killers to leave her daughter alone. From what I read, the surviving Clutters family was especially bothered by how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, and claimed it was completely untrue. But as a side, the two killers are related to the police, as asked by Mr. Clutter not to bother with their wife because of their long illness. Capote could create this fiction to make Bonnie more interesting, but surely the killers had no reason to falsely portray Mrs. Clutter, and undoubtedly much of the interview in the book (duplicated in movies) is right behind the recorded killers. So it would be pointless if Herb said it was not true.
