Like most others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films on the Killing Disorder, including several dramatic works thematically based on the actions and psychobytosis of the participants in this crime - including Capote itself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for deliberately withholding Perry Smith's confession, intimacy and writings, even from lawyers. I believe the truths and facts Capote "reserved" for his "book," which demanded two vindictive verdicts and the death penalty for Capote, would almost certainly retain a successful defense against madness for Perry Smith and McNaughton's old rule. Capote himself could never write another major literary work after "In cold blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he willingly encouraged and planned the brutal death penalty to provide the enormous end he needed for his book / drama. For him, the two men had to die to make his book succeed. The book was to be justified by pretending it was the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence assured that the ice cold conclusion. Kapot's book is not true. It is not a fact or a journalism. It is a drama and a melodrama spiced by its own creative psychotic imagination. What most people see as the virtues of today's first film are the sharp images of Capote's mind, which may have been the coldest aspect of all. No wonder the audience ironically, but necessarily prefer Blake's performance. The actor is a nightmare of Capote's dishonest ideas. <br /> <br /> Who is to say how two killers are to be played? Who is to consider what could mean a poetic psychotic flaw of excess courtesy and kindness to killing "do it now"? I agree with a few who, in the work of Eric Roberts, see a wonderful performance, the Shakespearean within reach, but he played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude" mode to make crazy Hickok; but it's one-dimensional and boring, with just a few notes in his television series. Roberts is almost four-dimensional and adds physical weakness and agony to a strong animal, Frankenstein's creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what he should not do. Like Leopold on Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with the evil man. Without Hickok or a strange man, Perry Smith would not bring his psychotic mind into the world of horror. He worries more than he is afraid of something else in life. Due to the freedom from Capote's death grip on the consciousness of killing disorder, Roberts and Edwards can freely create original personalities and psychoses to create another and new production of drama. The same facts as the case, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic psychotic stresses - indeed, Roberts is so good at this fluid madness that at any moment physically and facially shows how little he knows where he is or who he is. What many of our reviewers do not like this movie, especially Roberts, is that cold-blooded killing is not shown as expected and manipulated as required. Because we see here a deeply realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. The real cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritical artistic "romantic novel" does not control these interpretations and performances. If the influence of "Cold Blood" and Capote on life, literature and truth depend on what scholars say, as well as a talent for plotting the truth, or a version of truth that is not a rank, a cowardly lie that is drawn from the defeats of Kapota's own abyss.
