I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie and the thing is, I thought it was okay. I've seen a lot of bad comments, but you have to remember that a lot of people who look at these two parts of the miniseries are all over the world and not just in the US. Also, do not forget that someone has never heard of a film from the 1960s and maybe not about murder events. And even more ... it can be hard to find an original movie and if so, there are always people around who do not like black / white movies. This person feels fresh and colorful and discovers their public. Her 12 year old, but I just saw it for the first time. I will try to find out first if I can compare them, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse is the internet, but nobody in the world. The point here is that it is mostly part of the American history of crime and was great in the 50-60s in the United States, but in the rest of the world I just missed it. It has been said well for some time, but 40 years later it will disappear, for example, at a time when Europe is going through. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone makes a remake of the movie and returns it back to the light again, it's not a bad idea at all. The next generation can participate in this terrible story and even the Capote movie, which was released just a few years ago, the witch was also a pretty good movie, I think. It will increase interest in events that took place fifty years ago and may stop them falling to sleep. I started it and now I'm looking for Robert Blake's version so it was not that bad ... right? That's my opinion. Some people of course disagree, but hey ... it's okay. Sometimes he'll be fine with remakes on old movies. Its not always when the old ones are so good. Film making techniques have evolved a lot and scenes can be more realistic if they want to. It's always a question of money, of course. There were so many films that were made in "good old days", but they lacked money, bad directors, etc. And today they are transforming 50 years later and they are all right. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called Good old days. Most of them are cold inserted directly into the trash. They were so bad we sat there like zombies ... they could not move ... like dead. I can not recommend it to anyone. Some of them have seen remakes and I remember they like ... but not the originals. They were terribly painful. It's like the old story of who's the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think when you see Roger Moore first, you can find who you trust or like ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry for my English, it's not that good. / Lars from Sweden
