I found this family film pleasant and enjoyable even though I am not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), who found that a lift in her high-end apartment unit became a time machine when the key in a chain that she had acquired from a blind scientist was turned into a lift lock. He will learn how to drive the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of day). The film is not a serious sci-fi. You must ignore the usual unstable paradox associated with the change of the past in time, ie the past has changed to prevent the Walker family from 1881 being poor, but the change means that the family never got into financial trouble, so Victoria would say Susan about the financial problems her mother had, which means that Susan had no reason to change the past in the first place! But there are some nice touches in the story, such as the old elevator panel, located in a woman's apartment that secretly invented and installed the time machine without having a lock space that activates the time machine function. As with many children's stories, we must assume that the child will not share surprising information about time travel with a parent or other adult, but instead hide travelers. some ill-presented scenes, and uninformed performances by some adult actors. (Children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts.) In one scene in the 1300s, Native Americans drew Susan's attention and photography. But they do not take the surprise of the sudden appearance of this blond, white skin of a girl in a special dress. Their answer is simply to stop what they are doing and to go quietly towards Susan. In the same scene, the Indian mother carries what the child is supposed to be, but it is so obviously a doll (her white skin and her head spreading around). Timothy Busfield, an award-winning actor who originally came to glory in the old television series "Thirty Something," gives somewhat uninteresting, sometimes carefree performance. In the second extreme, Michel Perron speaks as the superior of an Italian builder, just like Richard Jutras in his role as a carrier. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel from which the film is based.) I suspect that these problems may be the fault of either the director or perhaps a low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these flaws, I recommend a movie for kids. In addition to an interesting story, it also has some educational value by pointing out how both technology and social standards have changed in just over 100 years.
