Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer living in Sydney, Australia, involved in a murder trial defending five indigenous men accused of murdering a native of Peter Weir in the 1977 Apocalyptic The Last Wave thriller. Once the picnic on Hanging Rock stopped, the film explored the unfamiliar and is now proving the gap between the two cultures that live side by side but lack understanding of every other culture and tradition. Weir shows how a white society considers indigenous beliefs as primitive superstitions, and believes that because they live in cities and are "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture are no longer in place. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and the 'dream time' evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from an introductory sequence in which sudden thunder and thunder breaks a peaceful school holiday on Burton's discovery that his bathtub overflows and water pours down the stairs. As the violent and unusual weather continues in the episodes of black rain and mud that fell from the sky, there is a clear distinction between the easy scientific explanations of this phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) are studying books about natives and learning about the roles of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his dinner home, he is concerned that he finds out that Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a mysterious native magician, are being questioned. As Burton continues his investigation, his clients are making their job difficult by refusing to post real events around the murder. When Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton believes that a native was killed in an indigenous native ritual because he "saw too much" even though Chris refuses to admit it in court. Burton, who is increasingly concerned about a mystery he can not recognize, tells his half-priest: "Why did not you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the Reverend, the Church responds to all secrets. Burton now knows that he must find out the truth and enter the tribal underground caves. Though we do not know for sure what is real and what a dream is, it comes face to face with its deepest fears at the commemorative peak that will let you think about its meaning until the early morning hours. <br /> <br /> In this period of history, in which the native Hopi and the Mayan prophecy predict the "end of history" and the purge of the person leading to the fifth world, the last wave, although 25 years old, is still timely. The natives are portrayed as a living culture, not completely conquered by a white man, yet I am alarmed by the angry feeling that we are watching but not fully seeing. Weir opened the eyes of a mystery that lies above our consensual view of reality but retains a doom orientation that sees the possibility only in terms of fear and shows nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without the hint of spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.
