John Cassavetes' 1977 Opening Night is what critics usually call the work of such a prominent artist as "overlooked". It is an excellent film that is in itself and one of the best portraits of the middle age crisis the film made. It's not a perfect movie because it's too long a half hour and too much emphasis on the drunken character of Myrtle Gordon's character, played by Gena Rowlands, wife of Cassavetes, in two hours and twenty-four minutes long after we got it. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, also played by Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. Rowlands, however, was awarded the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this picture, and it was well worth it. Often, this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to his older and inferior film, Woman under Influence, but it is a false comparison. Rowland's character in this movie has been severely mentally disturbed from the beginning, just as it comes from a blue collar, while her characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are passionate about the phenomenon. In this film, it is the spirit of a dead young woman who can be perceived as a younger companion of Myrtle while in Allen's film it's her own character's past. Many critics have taken this film as a portrait of alcoholics because Myrtle is surrounded by occasions like a stage manager who tells her on the opening night: "I've seen a lot of drunkards in my time, I've never seen anyone as drunk as you could get up You're great! "But that's bad, because alcohol is not her problem - her chain does not smoke. It's just a diversion from what really makes her own destruction, and much for Cassavetes' credit, as a narrator, never lets us find out exactly what's wrong with Myrtle, and despite the fact that it's over, there's no reason why expect to actually solve some of the consequences. This kind of ending without reference refers to Cassavetes directly with the boldest European directors from the recent past, who have been satisfied with not giving the audience everything and forcing viewers to realize even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film perfectly recaptures the effect of drunkenness or fever that rises from the fog, and the spectator thus subconsciously participates in the drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or recovers after the film about the universe is squeezed remains the decision for each viewer, and as we saw before the lid closes, the choice of something matters.
