While watching John Cassavetes' film, the opening night reminded me of something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about his personal experience in being a creator of art or acting. He mentioned an example, let's say if he ran over a dog when he was about to act in the game that it would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him, and that he undoubtedly had to bring that experience to the scene, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help, but he was thinking about his words when he looked at the character of the Rowland genre, Myrtle Gordon, who, after nearly that week, was going through a very similar scenario. In Cassavetes, of course, there is more, because it's about how the theater works around the star of the actress, what emotions and human nature they mean when looking at character playing and how it lives when everything (like Myrtle Gordon) is a theater. At the beginning of the film, after the show, Myrtle signs autographs and one such fan named Nancy comes to his favorite star and pours his heart into Myrtle. It's a touching little moment, but it does not last as long as you have to get into the car (it's filled with rain and everything). She looks horrified when the girl who stood next to the car when she left her is hit by another car in a car crash. She is not sure what really happened, but then she finds out that the girl actually died. Since then, she's a little overwhelmed, even though she thinks she's out of her system. At first it shows little ways like trying a scene with her fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and does not seem to be hit - she accuses it of lack of depth in character (writer, "What do you think the game is missing?" " , "says Myrtle), but Nancy is beginning to appear - a revelation that is real to Myrtle until she suddenly disappears. Cassavetes, just like in previous films, is after looking for what it takes to have emotions to really feel something and feel it, or its deficiency, and how it affects others around the human being. This is not entirely new ground for Rowlands, who previously played a woman at the very edge of a Woman under influence (in that case because of alcohol), nor would it be a foreign territory for Costar Ben Gazzar who just came to play in killing a Chinese book. But the actors express in every scene everything that is important to their characters; Cassavetes does not tell them how to get from Scene A to B, and it does not have to. In Cassavetes, there is a mood that sometimes embodies an eccentric work with a camera. You know that Myrtle should be content, even if it's not happening. But she's scary and she's unhappy with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the game ("Aging, Who's Going?" Asks a playwright) and starts to influence those around you. <br /> <br /> The question will soon become, though not what is usual. Conventional playwright would make a conflict "Will he be able to go on stage, will the concert continue?" For Cassavetes it's not important, even if it's there, just like the question, "Will it be okay?" Perhaps she is going through such a grueling game as a "second woman" who can help her solve her personal demons and her loss of reality (see Saru and attack her against full strangers who ask what the hell is going on)? Or will he play a lack of hope to straighten everything else with her? The depths that Rowlands does with her character are intense and horrible, and it's not supposed to mean that it's any minor than the Woman under influence - if anything, it's as good as the movie when it's honest about person in this profession. other performances are equally true, from Gazarry to Nancy, played by fine Laura Johnson. Cassavetes answers to your own questions is not easy. One of the real excitement of the opening night, along with seeing great actors performing an amazing script, is to see Cassavetes receive the theater as he does. We see the game going - and it's probably a real game - and we know only a little about what's going on. When we see the actors on the stage that we are doing, we wax and lose ourselves by participating in what happens to melodrama (affairs and affairs and occasional slaps and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I wondered how much improvised how much Cassavetes allowed other actors to do in scenes where Myrtle was beginning to wave or even completely destroyed. It's also on stage, so there must be something for them to solve beforehand and let what happens. <br /> <br /> It's funny, surprising, cool and marginal, some of the best theater scenes in the movie and we see the boundaries between the actor on the stage, the film actor, the actor with the actor and the amazing blur. The opening night is a powerful drama that is full of sincere talk about death and madness, about reality and fiction, where there is love among people, and finally what does "acting" mean?
