John Cassavetes "Opening Night" is fantastic and fascinating; fantastic, because it plays with the deepest fears that we have within our imagination, and it's fascinating because it never surprises us. With a very long duration of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who appreciates the characters will not be able to take off the screen. The story of the unstable actress Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands) tries to get together for the game, fighting with her demons; "Opening Night" is not only about the woman on the brink of disorder, but also about the complexity of theater actors and the theater world. All Cassavetes characters are experienced people who know about the theater; so half of the film takes place on stage, whether the artists are doing their work or backstage, where producers, writers and directors do their work. Cassavetes is so harsh that his characters that this godlessness turns to the audience but to the audience in the cinema. Because there is another viewer in the movie theater that he does not know what's really going on and laughing because he thinks everything is a performance. And that's basically what it is; it's just that the audience in the theater does not see "backstage" the way we do it. They have no experience with Genesis Rowland's exuberance before going to this stage, but most importantly; they do not know why they act the way they do it. I always thought it would be hard to be a friend with my friend. Myrtle (Rowland) says she's an actress, and that's the only thing she knows how to do it; and I imagine that if I had a friend who would be a professional artist, it would be really difficult to tell when he was telling the truth because I knew he was an actor and he could make a fake at any time. Do many things Myrtle does during the horrific experiences the film is transmitting? We suspect it is real; the rest of the character is suspicious. There's a writer Sarah (Joan Blondell) who does not understand why Myrtle does not understand the person she wrote for her. There is a director, Manny (Ben Gazzara), who can not accept the fact that his best actress may be losing; producer David (Paul Stewart), who does not know where he is, and Myrtle's star Maurice (the Cassavetes himself) who can not cope with the love they have for each other. testifies to the death of a teenager, a fan; all this gathers and influences Myrtle, but no one knows if her delusions are real. They say nothing because they do not want to upset her, but the film will enter a subconscious state that only Myrtle will accept. Sometimes we can say that everyone has it. During these moments, the scenario of the Cassavetes scenario tells a ghostly brutal sincerity in the words that the characters say in the backstage; and not just what they all call Myrtle, but what they tell them. Here are people who are not afraid to talk and constantly change what they think, as well as the way Cassavetes does cinema. And in this respect, actors are more important than in "Shadows" because the characters are involved in a larger image; a bigger story that stands out from trivial. But in another aspect, the real way to make a cinema, this movie does not differ from the "shadows". It is a beautiful thing in the way of shooting the characters of Al Ruban. When someone is talking, the camera does not focus on him, he shoots the person who listens; so we can see how he reacts to the things the other says. Sometimes they do not care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes devastated. <br /> <br /> While some of these wonderful performances can become improvisation. Nearby is an unexpected scene where Cassavetes and Rowlands begin to talk continuously. Whether it was improvised or not, there is something we should be surprised. We should just watch; and watching both of them exchanging life experiences and seeing the words come alive in an interview that means far more than what it shows? It is not more natural than that.
