It was once proposed by Pauline Kael, never a fan of Cassavetes's idea not as a director but as an actor. What Kael meant was his alleged lack of sophistication of the filmmaker; I do not feel that Cassavetes drives in the movie, I feel Cassavetes implanted into his own creature like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is just as brilliant as Welles, but much more important as a true artist (unlike technique or rhetoric). It is like a cross between Italian passion (though Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introvertions. Never before were the internal demons so physically exposed. It's about the secrets of standing, performing and acting. Just like the creepy record Skip James, they have a ghost echo all around. Rowlands' disruptions, which are stunning and almost opera, surprising from the Cassavetes, are accompanied by a fierce and restless piano. Who is a dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are infinite and it is amazing to find such things in the Cassavetes, only the apparent intelligence (in the beginning is also a brief interview). But then he was always intelligent, just never moved him to praise him. This is not "adaptation"; here the mixing of reality and fiction and drama is not about cleverness, it will show the inner riots and confusion that it creates. There's so much going on. Pure, joyful love when Rowlands greets his porter; horror when they have fun ... The scene in which the girl talks about how she works in art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some roots of this in "A Star Is Born," and Almodovar borrowed from him for "All About My Mother." I think the end is a little disappointing because of laughter, but the preparation that led to it is almost bad. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite the urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point about the film.) It's a living, breathing thing, and it's like a process: it could go anywhere in any direction. Like "Cheese Cherry," we recall that "you must never forget that it's just a game." Yet it's dangerous: when he says Rowlands, is that a great drama? How do audiences accept it? Is it reflexive or is it just one? Her (distinctive) breakdowns are incorporated into the performance and eventually into the movie so that she is a witness to James Dean's wife. 10/10
