Yesterday, I went to the monthly antique flea market that came to town. I have no interest in these things, but I went to the friendship of friends who have such an interest. I looked at the hundreds of dealers who quickly went through many of them, I noticed someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the films he shot on DVD were relatively recent; the oldest one I noticed was Cary Grant-Irene Dunne in 1940, the co-creator of My Most Favorite Wife. However, VHS tapes were mostly older films. I could not resist buying SOMETHING because they were sold on 3 cassettes for $ 10. What a business, as Eddie Murphy said. I've come across a movie I've heard for years, but I have never seen: John Cassavettes' RETURN OF NIGHT (1977). Well, I definitely wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowland and I heard that this film contains one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago when I probably did not have enough life experience to appreciate it thoroughly. And I wanted to take advantage, so I caught him too. My next choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). When I returned home, I decided to postpone the work I planned to watch the opening of the night. I was completely enchanted by this film. He focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), the celebrated actress of the scene and screen that has personal and professional problems in her extra-curricular views that cope both with her character and with the theme of aging. After one test her fanciful fan and autogramiáda hear her with tears (and tears) "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. Myrtle's descent begins, where she has to face her own worries about aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and the inadequacies she finds in her own play (written by a much older female playwright played by Joan Blondell). During the movie, she sees the dead girl, the obvious symbol of her past; drinks almost uninterrupted; (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), her comic (John Cassavettes himself) and playwright. In fact, they are more interested in how their behavior will touch these people and their careers: wasting on the podium, improvising new lines, generally falling apart on stage and coming to a full drunken opening on Broadway. <br /> <br /> This story serves not only to solve the issues of aging but also to support Cassavettes' dissatisfaction with the main film. When I watched the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, disheartening, but in the end I enjoyed, satisfied and satisfied. Cassavettes had a really good sense of humor, he took great care to see his viewers understand what he meant and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. Makes a hint at ALL about EVE, using an enthusiastic fan of the theater, even dressing up a young girl in whipped cream and a hat similar to that she wore Anne Baxter at the beginning of this film. This cue clearly appears to support the aging of the subject, the contrast of older and younger women. Obviously, she also uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle in confrontation with her own lost youth. At first I felt that symbolism was obvious, but then I realized it was Cassavettes' intent. He does not want his audience to understand what they are getting; if so, it would interfere with their emotional engagement. This ghost of youth pursues Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually "kills" her, but before she can really deal with herself and the game she must get down (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes is so drunk that she can not walk and crawl into her dressing room at night when the game opens on Broadway. She resurrects herself (helping herself out of such situations is also important to the movie theme) and makes the game a success by giving great performance and changing the direction of the game to better improvisation, so it contains some ray of hope for the aging character she is playing. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the game in front of a live audience who did and did not know to become part of the movie. The game they play also acts as a contrast: it's the main and self-serious issue it solves, that is, until Myrtle changes its denominator. It also improves the performance of its stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) among human beings, subjective realism, and universal truth - were Cassavettes' concerns in filmmaking. <br /> <br /> Gene Rowlands is amazing all over the world. Of course, she has a great face, and Cassavettes (known in love for her throughout her marriage) treats us with numerous details so we can feel her emotions and we know what's going on inside her. She makes you so much about this character that you want her work to come out of this soul crisis. And that's what interests you for 2 hours 30 minutes. The film is deliberately tempo and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good filmmaking and great acting will be rewarded. Someone else said it was a movie for people who love movies. Everyone else should be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> Find the OPEN NIGHT if you've never seen it. Everyone is excellent and one of the best Cassavettes movies.
