*** z **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is the kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? The 1993 film that portrays Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is "greeted" by several travelers on his way to California as a friend who could be a good company on the road. When I look at the film, I always do not like conspiracy before I look at it, because surprises can be even colder. So it was with Californian. When I first watched him for the first time, I never realized it was a tension film, so when I found out I was shocked and when the film went on it was even better and I was on the edge of my seat, almost kissed my monitor, I was so close to it! So we're talking about Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I watched only two other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can say I do not know well, but she can say from afar that these two films were as big as they can be for me. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really so desperate to have a DVD copy and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible as well. And today I was watching the third DePalma movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the movie goes on, it goes completely different than what you would expect. I was looking, very curiously, at the scene of the museum where Dickinson watches the mysterious man to his cabin and ends up in the living room. Maybe you think what could happen there. But when the film reached the scene of the elevator, the film completely disintegrated in a different way. I watched the rest of the movie and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, a mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! That was totally ridiculous, and it was undoubtedly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film at least as a masterpiece. Even in the cockpit scene, where Dickinson tries to justify what happened in the museum, a completely silent man catches her, pulls her into the cabin and starts kissing. You know, reminded me of the Mexican television series of the 70s "El Chavo Del 8" where some characters are completely silent. Despite these low points of the film, it is a really great film with regard to tension, characters and plot. Dennis Franz is fine as Detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same character. <br /> <br /> When this review is complete, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same as Carrie! I do not know if I really liked it because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a film from DePalma, so it's not an imitation because after all, it was his idea! But it became a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could do something else instead of showing that Nancy Allen woke up from a bad dream just like she did with Amy Irving on the final scene of Carrie. This was, of course, without any doubt. But if you get around, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie and I assure you it's not a waste of time to watch.
