"Dressed to Kill" is the best film by Brian DePalmy, the absolute exciting ride of tension, humor and style that remains unmatched today. DePalma has a raucous rap in Hollywood, because most people say it will bounce Alfred Hitchcock. He did not. Hitchcock could only dream about what DePalma shows in his thrillers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the original video that was not cut is "Dressed to Kill". The current copy made by Goodtimes is a nominal cut approved by Jack Valenti. But some copies of the original DePalma cut still exist. This is the one that distributes Warner Home Video in a green cardboard box with Angie Dickinson on the cover, or in a black case with a poster on a silver lining. These are the ones you get if you find a copy. I have the green one and it is one of my valuable things. <br /> <br /> Anyway, back to the story. Dickinson plays Kate Miller, a sexually frustrated woman with whom Dr. Caroline (Robert Elliott) deals with her obsessive fantasies. While on a trip to the museum (the real tournament power for DePalm in terms of camera work and tension), Miller is picked up by a stranger. You can quite guess what will happen to her, because advertising and boxing art publish a story. There are, however, several complications. Hook (Nancy Allen) is the only witness to the murder. Kate Miller's son Peter (Keith Gordon) is a teenage genius who is determined to tackle this crime. And the phone recorder Dr. Elliott has a message ... about the missing barber ... <br /> <br /> I do not play the film at all because what I described above takes place within the initial half hour and the biggest surprises of DePalma are reserved for the last hour. This film, however, is clearly sufficient for Valenti (the MPAA chief) to demand a cut in the film. What surprised me is what she wants. Several cuts in the opening scene of the shower corner and one or two editing scenes and some of the dialogues by Nancy Allen (Valenti wanted the "cock" to be changed to "Ridge"). This is a movie that is very violent and bloody, but the objections relate to sexual content. I'd love to hear Valenti's explanation of how to see two women on the love scene "Lost and Delirious" is a bit more damaging for the young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger, who blows people with chain pistols. It is not fair. What makes "dressing for killing" is so good that the most important are not only technical credits but also the performance is very good. Michael Caine, who has received many clues during this period, gives one of his best performances as a doctor. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, perhaps because he really plays a strong role here. Nancy Allen adds it to a series of performances that have captured her as one of the world's most underestimated and overlooked actresses. Keith Gordon is wonderful as a genius and I loved all his inventions. DePalma is one of our best directors who has never won the recognition he deserved. A recent joke from AFI 100 Best Thrillers has shown that few people really know what a thriller is. If they really had their eyes open, they will see that DePalma has a career in thrillers and is actually the best craftsman. That's even better than "Psycho". It's a shame that he knows very little. <br /> <br /> **** from 4 stars
