I just completed the Dressed to Kill tracking, which is written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" rated version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. I still have not rated the "R" rating , I can not be sure of the differences. However, it is a very graphic graphic female nudity including a scene of expressing self-satisfaction in this version. I think you could call this scene a soft kernel porn.if this kind of thing could offend you I would recommend you see "R" rated version.but i digress.Any comment from here refers to an unrated version.This is a murder mystery / psychological horror / film suspense.There is very little violence and blood.there, however, is one sequence of death note.the act of the kill itself is quite graphic. however blood that does not look real.it reminds how the 70th slasher movie would look. I believe it is done intentionally to offset the violence of the act itself, put the scene in place that it is most violence or rather such an option is implied. The film is very well thought out. I can even say that every scene has its purpose, which is very rare compared to many of today's films. I also thought that acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Micheal Cane plays this role in a quiet undervalued performance that works great in this case. The film also has a great shot, although some people might find it predictable. The only complaint (and it's really more observation) that I thought was that the character played by Nancy Allen could be completed, especially given that she had plenty of screen time. I think she does a good job with what's given. And that does not really remove the quality of the movie. The film also has a strong morale that is even more important today. he hit it over his head with it.i also really liked the music score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi felt that it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho.to me, this music really raised the film.I thought this movie was great. for me Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
