It may contain smaller spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressing Kill when you first saw it for the first time is a movie with some amazing sequences, some decent performances and nice, though obvious Ritchie Hitchcock, plot of the fence at the end. It's just a bad thing, obvious, to prevent it from being classical. Closed to kill is the secret of a murderer who killed at least two women (it could be more than the film ever tells us) and the search for a murderer by three people: a wise kid whose mother was a victim, a living prostitute whose only one identifies a murderer, and a psychiatrist, whose female patient was the mother of the killed brain. There are many great performances including Nancy Allen as prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as sexually frustrated victims Kate Miller and Micheal Caine as Dr. Rober Elliot, who is more hidden than meets her eyes; although nobody really does not pay any extraordinary value. On the other hand, Denis Franz, later a great character in the same spirit at the hit NYPD Blue show, is embarrassing as an over-exaggerated, ruthless, hate detective, though it takes little time on the screen so it will not hurt the film so much. Keith Gordon, a child of the brain, is decent, but he's almost too smart to be truly credible. What keeps me most in the movie is tense sequences. The scene with a sexually frustrated mother in the museum is stunning and well done, as well as later sequences leading to her premature death. I also like a sequence in the doctor's office that reveals the identity of the killer, which really makes the film instantly. And there is a split-screen scene that I thought was almost classical. Still, another situation where Liz is on the train runs from what a killer can be, who gets into directions that should never have with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller he is tense and quite often believable. The crime drama often falls, especially with an incomplete, ridiculous explanation of what has happened. At the end there is also an unnecessary and too long dream sequence, in which they had the courage to shoot one's leg for what seemed to be after a few minutes. It was a matter up and down; one scene would catch my heart and think with attraction and another would make me stand up and ask why. In more than 100 minutes it could have been less than 90 years and it was a better film. <br /> <br /> Scary fans of the movie would love it. It's still a better movie than most of the Slasher films today. Maybe it was a better film, but when I saw it recently, I can say I like it and it's worth watching my three favorite scenes myself.
