Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) with a sexually explicit nightmare, later she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) at a meeting in which she admits she is sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in her current marriage. Kate then visits the museum and picks up the aliens, returns to her apartment for casual sex when Kate is ready to leave but is attacked and killed in the elevator elevator building with a blonde woman. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers a terrifying scene and sees the killer but can escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says Liz suspects the murderer, because there are no other witnesses, so Liz associates with Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to track down a real killer, clearly named Liz's name and see that justice is done. . <br /> <br /> Scenario and Direction: Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good solid psychological murder mystery. The script is relatively slow and slow, but it likes to focus on characters, so you really know it. For the first twenty minutes Kate is developing as a character before he suddenly kills, then the film switches to Liz and no one else looks to see. This time dressed for killing is quite absorbing and engaging, unfortunately the character itself is not entirely sympathetic. I found that some of the dialogues are sometimes fun, especially the dirty talk Liz occasionally spends. Murder motifs are somewhat likely, but I think you would have to be bad enough to do anything that was suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it made me so excited and I did not really have a character that should be rooted or the like. The film knocks on unnecessary and unnecessary twist that I have not seen before. Director De Palma directs style and visual perception, from the sequence of museum art to automobile chase, and as a whole is perfectly filmed around the world. I would imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill was thinking a lot. I felt the film was a bit flat and uninvited sometimes, however, I was really excited about it. It's a bit of nudity, some sex and rape along with a few bits of gore and violence, Kate's rabbit murder in the elevator, which is the pinnacle if it's the right word. However, it is by no means shocking or controversial in today's view, as many would have believed. With an estimated budget of around $ 6,500,000 Dressed to Kill, she has the shiny, high-productive feeling of a Hollywood movie. Places in New York are pretty, cinematography is good, and as a whole it's extremely good. I thought the music was inappropriate and it was very loud and disturbing. Actor is fine, but despite his top billing, I did not think Caine had so much time. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time Dressed to Kill was made, interestingly from the four films that de Palma appeared in two of them, this & Blow Out (1981), he cast her as a prostitute. The body pair was used for Dickinson as she delights in the shower at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Dressed Kill is a good thriller that is worth watching, but I did not think it was quite a life of noble reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
