De Palma Technique has hit its high maturity at the time of this film, which is a magnificent show of its classic techniques, although unfortunately, like many of De Palma's films, the story serves meta more than the interests of putting an emotionally compelling story. The story opens with CRAZY scene in which Angie Dickinson masturbates in the shower as she looks at her husband. She is then caught and raped while her husband is incomprehensibly close - and the whole thing is unveiled to be Angie's fantasy while he takes her thoughtlessly away on her in bed. He has a short scene with his son, a dead ring for Harry Potter, who concludes with a joke that he "tells his grandmother that he is playing with his petter." Then she went to her therapy where she complained of her marriage before attempting her Michael Caine series of therapist. He refuses and she is injured and feel unattractive and unfulfilled. Then begins the bravura of a 22-minute almost unthinking sequence that is perhaps the pinnacle of the movie. Among the many things that De Palma gained from Hitchcock is the understanding of the film as a purely visual media telling stories? and in the typical De Palma fashion, it turns into a way to show off its impressive skill. The problem with me is that in this case, one begins to feel that the scenes are unnecessarily lengthy just to showcase the skills of the director. <br /> <br /> The order begins with Angie in the Art Museum. He looks at foreigners, all deal with sexual or family activities, then begins to turn to the man who sits beside her. De Palma very skillfully tells an extremely complicated narrative without a single word about Angina's attractiveness, embarrassment, retreat and ultimate finding and submission of an alien at the back of a taxi taxi, all that Pino Donaggio, also Carrie. In the second part of the sequence, Angie slept with the guy and got up to return to her husband. Again, De Palma grows up without a strict dialogue because Angie realizes she has no panties that her husband is already at home, and she is undoubtedly wondering where she is likely to have encountered a venerous illness, and that she has lost her engagement ring somewhere in the shuffle. It is all very admirable, but it starts to feel a little threaded because we are forced to do things like a long lift from the seventh floor, then up again, almost in real time. <br /> <br /> ... Spoilers out of here! When Angie reaches the seventh floor again, she kills her big woman with blond hair. The woman protects her until she arrives on the ground floor when the door opens and Nancy sees her there. There is an amazing slow succession as Nancy arrives in the elevator, Angie approaches her and the killer's blade is about to break Nancy's hands. Then follow some electrifying shots when Nancy looks up and sees the killer in the convex mirror of the elevator. Everything is good, and when we have some dialogue again, you think; "Woah, it was just 22 minutes of a purely visual narration!" Or maybe not, but I'm doing it. Younger Dennis Franz plays a big role as a dirty and tough detective in New York who would prefer if everyone else did his work for him. He interviews Michael Caine, making terrible consequences (although it goes without saying) that Angie wants to be killed. Angie's son is there too, and he joins Nancy, and they are going to spy on Caine therapist and find out who the killer is. <br /> <br /> Once again, there's a strong tie on Hitchcock, in this case Psycho (just like Obsession's re-work of Vertigo). You have a woman we would like to understand, secretly a whore who kills in the first 30 minutes in a confined space, in this case an elevator rather than a shower. Then the relatives of the deceased carry out an investigation that reveals that the killer is a man who dresses as a woman to kill. De Palma even throws a doctor at the end, explaining the psychology of the whole thing. <br /> <br /> It's very interesting, but at the same time the viewer can stretch a little, and that's my main reservation for this movie. It's definitely a major tour and performance of some of De Palma's greatest workshops, but the feeling that the story is third for De Palma to show off and his somewhat uneducated sexual fantasies make it harder for a whole-hearted affection. <br /> <br /> --- Check out other reviews on my bad and cheesy movie websites, Cinema de Merde, cinemademerde.com
