Kill dressed, of course, made a bit of roughness when he was first released in 1980: You had a "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic because Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the bad museums out there in the lifts) , plus Nancy Allen as a call-girl, Michael Caine as a sophisticated New York cousin Norman Bates, and enough lurd paintings for the last two movies of the season. Today it's a little less incriminated by standards and such, though the unrated version has the worst content of one of De Palma's films, at least in his quasi-auteur period of the 1970s and early 1980s, where he seemed to repeat themes over and over again, right from Hitchcock's classic discs and an exciting ascension. This is a simple story that has already been seen in the Sisters, and then again to that extent in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call-girl Liz Blake, who must erase her suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson, in full blown "MILF"), a murder weapon from Dr.'s office. Elliotta (Michael Caine, most of the slow down performance.) From the beginning, De Palma seems to be doing a way to create a dangerous scene of sexual fantasy as a way to overcome Carrie's initial scene (which may only do in editing terms), we receive a number of technical reversal twists from the point of view of the style itself: watching pictures in the museum that are supposed to bring about a more fascinating process in itself, follow and desire to follow, than any tension, persecution over the metro (the predecessor of the Carlit path) with the exact degree of tension, in the meantime with a slightly exploitative bite that sinks into the black gang, the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of real life De Palma as a child (a scientific geek possessed by Hitchcock and voyeurism.) And that's all fun and funny, as if something that is close to real the intuition of what makes De Palma thrillers so unique while being so confidently untainted by the fearless attitude of the film. on the other hand, the same self-confidence ended when, in recent years, he scratched the director a few times in the ass, and so in Dressed to Kill it became very irregular and unsatisfactory because the story must be wrapped up. Since psycho themes are gathering even more clearly (a person who wants to change sex, or even thinks that he kills the way he is, she does), there is an expository scene at the police station that makes the above-mentioned Hanging Film looks like awesome psychological revelation. And the final scenes in Peter's House, which also call into memory, are far more perfect sequences in Carrie, they are designed for manipulation that De Palma asks for; the ultimate shot, especially if it is a master class, how to copy. Yet there is a very confused and perfect scene in a psychiatric hospital in the midst of this confused disruption where the doctor does some work on a nurse to whom all other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo and overhead shot up and up through the scene is one from the best shots of sexual / general perversion sometimes captured on film. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that the film ends in such a special and disturbing way, then it is a remarkable piece of cellular film where the class in technical aspects (mild illumination, complicated camera movements seem so simple) in the middle of a subject that would should be found in a 25-cent paper paper mix. It's not a masterpiece, but I'm sure to take over most of the directors of the last thrillers every day.
