In France, it is considered polite by French critics to adorn the seemingly coherent chain of films Brian De Palma has left behind. However, a significant part of his films is threatened by the bombastic effect of Carrie (1976), "Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), without mentioning his Hitchcock loan. Here in Dressed to Kill, it is impossible not to think of Vertigo (1958) for a long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably reflects on the sequence of anthology in Psycho (1960). As far as our film is concerned, I do not want to revive the old debate: does De Palma Hitchcock do? Instead, I would be very generous and I classified Dressed to Kill in the De Palma winners category next to "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, with some reserves, these are the ones I have previously figured out that drive up quarrels among the deaf fans of De Palma and his traitors. If "Dressed to Kill" is a thing that can generate a general agreement among film lovers, De Palma is a virtuosity overhead. He controls his camera as if it were a film expert. His sophisticated camera work greatly fills up the tension that causes a rise in tension and an inconvenient aura. The audience is easily glued to the screen. It helps to use several long silent sequences, in which everything depends on appearance and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho", there were also long silent, exciting parts ... But the main drawback in De Palma in the 1980s vintage is that the quality of the plot can not be found wanted and it seems to be a rehash of many formulations, rotten ingredients an unpredictable amount of murderous stories. The prostitute is the only witness to this crime. Then she suspects the police and has to act alone (with the help of a child from the scene on the subway further away) to track down the murderer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that is not at all humiliated at all, it's a tender that smells warm. And the filmmaker will end his movie on a sequence that reflects the opening. Yes, it's great shot, but when one discovers their real function, it says: "It's almost a worthless filler." Perhaps De Palma wanted to shoot his movie in an hour and a half when at that moment the audience knew (and even before) who was a killer.) Two central core elements in De Palma are motivated by manipulation and voyeurism. The second theme is to be seen in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene that makes the film almost look like a gentle porn film. And the filmmaker is not afraid to shoot his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I find this approach to this topic rather dubious. But maybe the first sequence was conceived as the viewer's mirror, and De Palma wanted to blur his peeping side. I do not want to humiliate in all the works of De Palma. His prestigious work in directing a communicative treatment of the film will redeem the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy that he had raised among the filmmakers was not ready to retreat.
