Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - so much to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets into trouble, she also includes a person in attendance, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who enjoys an investigation to find the identity of a psychoactive killer. <br /> <br /> Dressing Kill is somewhat important historically. This is one of the earlier examples of the contemporary thriller style, which extends beyond Hide and Seek (2005). It is strange that director Brian De Palma was basically trying to sit on Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) for the besieged museum scene of Dressed to Kill. The dressed Kill's shower scene, as well as her villain and death, have similarities with Psyche (1960). De Palma also employs a prominent score with recurring motifs in the style of favorite composer Hitchcock Bernard Herrmann. However, similarities do not end there. But De Palma, whether by chance or skill, can make an oblique deviation from, or perhaps overcome, his influence, with clothing to killing with the attitude, structure and flow that was influential. Maybe partly due to this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply flawed when viewed at this time. Countless other directors took Hitchcock's De Palma and improved it by improving almost every element, so when thrillers were affected after 25 years, a lot of dressed in killing looks painful, structurally clumsy and clumsy. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie unfortunately was not to improve is sex and nudity dressed in Kill's scene. Both Dickinson and Allen keep us full of nudity (Allen is from a very oblique angle), and De Palma has Dickinson's stubborn breasts, strongly implied masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than they usually do in contemporary movies. Relatively few scenes approach the soft-core porn. I'm not a fan of prudishness - on the contrary. Puritan, monogamous, protected access to sex and the nakedness of our culture worries me. So from my point of view it is lamentable that Dressed to Kill is an emphasis on the body and its pleasure is one of the few aspects in which others hardly followed the movie or topped the film. Perhaps it was desirable, but they were not allowed to follow them because of cultural controls from conservative stuffed shirts. De Palma's cinematography and staging some scenes is also good enough that it's hard to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a special, distinctive approach to detail, and he likes shots of interesting angles, such as top views and James Whale-like watching through remote clips in sets. Of course, later directors are more crazy, but it's hard to say they're better. Looking at film production, at least the museum scene has a remarkable ability to create a very gentle tension over a drop of handles and a look or two while watching Kate through the intricately nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. > <br /> On the other hand, from the viewpoint of the story, and especially if someone expects to watch the thriller, everything that is hidden in the museum scene and somewhat outside it may seem too slow and stupid. Because of its removal from the film's main genre and its primary interest in directorial panache (as well as cultural facts outside of the film), it seems that opening does not seem to be a well-integrated attempt at blurring and risqué. Once the first murder occurs, things get better, but due to the possible influence of the movie, most improvements seem to be a bit of a cliché and sometimes hokey. The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is little used, and Dickinson has to leave before we want (but the output is necessary and very effective). Kill-dressed is at least likely to keep your interest to the end, but because of the facts that are not contained in the picture itself, it was not exactly aged. At this point it is best to watch the film as a historical monument, and as an example - but not the best, even for that time - some of De Palma's overhead.
