"Groove Tube" was first introduced to the video, the first "video theaters" here in Boston. In one room were TV monitors on high stands with old chairs, in small groups towards the monitors. There were the old Pepsi-filled refrigerators and the York Peppermint Patties baskets. In the second, smaller room, there were no seats, only large pillows. It was a "smoking" room, ie. The people were tall. This act just adds to the fun of the video. <br /> <br /> I was a "frequent viewer"; the scenes I liked most and I remember this day: Koko Clown, Kramp Easy-Lube Shortening, Sam / VD PSA Safety, Chevy Chase Hitchhiker with Boredom crossing the forest, Finger Ballet what was finally revealed as a naked body women. The last item resembled the late, incredible Ernie Kovacs. Now I've lost a lot of readers who are under the age of 48 ("who's Ernie Kovacs?") But believe me, it's fun stuff. One reason I was a "frequent viewer" was that me and my friends brought another doll "Groove Tube". We sat and watched closely the "virgins" as PSA would play "Security Sam". When the camera slowly approaches Sam, we'd wait for it "Oh!" recognition on the face of a "virgin". Every time he was more entertaining than the last. And then the "virgin" brought a friend to see the show and repeat what we did. To get this joke, you have to watch the video. Yes, some of them are dated, but most of them play, movie, television and now videos. Check out any video taken in the 1980s. I saw "The Groove Tube" in the theater as a movie, grainy transmission from the original video. It was cut and some of the original top scenes were missing. <br /> <br /> The first show of "Saturday Night Live" featuring Chevy Chase has triggered instant notices, "this is the guy from The Groove Tube, so it was Chevy's predecessor, I can not see the shortening can without you heard a voice, "covering her hand with a lot of the Kramp Easy-Lube shortening ..." and thinking about the Kramp Holiday Loaf recipe, always bringing me laughs in the alley of groceries in the grocery store In the early 70s of the last century, "The Groove Tube" was fresh, new and really "got" humor of time, offering a "hip generation", a humor that was not available in any other format / medium.
