I just finished tracking The Groove Tube, which I first saw 23 years ago when I was a teenager who was hanging around my burn and watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We also saw the animal house just before, so we saw two films that played SNL alumni and had some naked breasts. Good that our parents slept all the time! Anyway, there were lots of special and entertaining things in the movie, such as the Uranus Industries brown bean production sequence, said the spokesperson, because the human excrement obviously comes from a human excrement with the Ewww white tube!) or the face of a puppet speaks of VD (scrotum with a small penis with eyes attached). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their feature debut. Chase is curious if he's doing a Geritan point with a woman, he's got sex with Fingers Do It, or he's singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-author / director Ken Shapiro, drumming his hands on his head. Belzer teams with Shapiro in Dealers and Channel One Evening News with one wild piece that Belzer had as a black prostitute and is trying to trick the tricks on reporter Ken playing Lionel. "Lionel, it sounds like a train I'll go like Choo-Choo!" Other bizarre bits include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a clown guest who, after ordering "people over ten" leave the room, reads the demands of his audience like the "Fanny Hill" passage! Or as to the Olympic Games with a German couple who makes love announced by two men (one of them Spanish) as they pronounce while "please stand" still interrupts on the screen! Or the animated segment at the stores that shows the dancing toilets after Shapiro has used some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. Next to the "Four Leaf Clover" sketch, there is a very fun music segment with Ken's lips, syncing your own "Just You, Just Me" while dancing in a suit and briefcase around the town with an occasional cop (co-writer Lane Sarasohn). So in summary it's a weird, fun movie that seemed to affect other similar films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and maybe Saturday Night Live (which Chevy was the first star of the show) dated elements they can still enjoy today. P.S. While I liked Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the beginning of the dance / tracking of the gorillas, I wondered what was the point of tracking the hitchhiker and the woman who lifted him and let them run out of the car. run and then let a naked man catch a policeman who stopped on the road. I guess it's one of those 70s,
