You know what they say about the 70s when you remember that you were not there. One of the few things I remember about the 1970s was the first hippie and hip social satire, as seen from a totally "underground" or ancultural perspective .. The Groove Tube. If humor seems to be faded or dim for some audiences, it can only be because there has been a lot in the last 30 years and the comedy is no longer "fresh" ... but hey! When this movie came out, it was the first ... and some of these sketches were the first time ... at the time Nixon was in office, the Vietnam War was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. . and J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. It's a movie that was made before Watergate broke, and as such was one of the first to make a big break into the facility ... to enjoy the hippies at the same time. And frankly, some skits are still sad. If you like Cheech and Chong "Up In Smoke," you will love this movie. If you want to know what was 70. was really glad .. try out Groove Tube .. if you liked Oscar's "network", which got about the same year and thought it was okay in the wild on TV, kick Groove Tube .. which belongs to the theme, but plays from the angle of the audience. . young audiences who turn off television for other entertainment ... We were raised on Ozzie & Harriet "let it be a beaver", my father knows best, my three sons ... a nice day ... so imagine our joy when you Those who have experimented with new lifestyles have seen send a box from our perspective! The ads of Uranian society themselves are invaluable .. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and a sudden break from a direct film into a Fritz Cat style animation when hippies eat weeds is still one of the best and savvy I ever he saw the movie. <br /> <br /> If you liked Kentucky Fried, LOVE this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your strange uncle Harold still gets a sinister glimpse into his eyes when he thinks back to school for a day, it would be a perfect movie to watch. ... one day of the day ... and a dense little movie that will help all those who forgot to remembrance in the 1970s.
