This is the last of four swashbucklers from France to plan for a tour during this Christmas season: the others (in the order of watching) were not blind BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as this but not so good), surprisingly effective LADY Oscar 1979, which emerged as a Japanese manga!) And the wonderful CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I watched this television long ago on Italian television and I remembered that I was not particularly suppressed, so I was really surprised at how much it pleased me this time (also with the enthusiasm that is here and anywhere else appeared in the movie when it was first announced as a forthcoming DVD release from Criterion). In addition, FANFAN LA TULIPE is quite common with the CARTOUCHE mentioned above: not just crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, cinematographer Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also a fable-wise? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Cartouche Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a brief military charm), whom a fiery girl loves (in this case the gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he is obsessed with impossible love (here is none other than the royal daughter)! As in a later film, Fanfan (ideally occupied by Gerard Philipe, who is so ironic, is so full of life that it's hard to believe he will be cancer-afflicted by 7 years) is surrounded by two (one of them is actually his senior officer and hero's father ) and opposes the ruthless figure in its ranks (the aging Roquevert, with which the hero will eventually engage in a duel on the roof, love suggestions for a gypsy girl); for recording, Lollobrigida returns to Philippe in the next film, Rene Claire's beautiful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). FANFAN proved to be a big box in the home and (1951), DETECTED STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! (1951). In fact, its popularity has ensured its re-release in a computer-color version (probably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black-and-white product with a 10-foot pole), and the self-service DVD Criterion includes a sample of this variant; which is probably the title of a foreign language, there is also a dubious choice of the English dubbed soundtrack, but it turned out not to be particularly painful when we realize that when everything is said and done, there is simply no replacement for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname proud of the young Genevieve Page as Madame De Pompadour) contains about such a comedy as (anticipated) action and romance; while some of them may seem overwhelming, I disagree with myself because I enjoy a sharply satirical narrative, and overall this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowskij's equivalent of THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). This means that sword moves are remarkably strong for a business that is basically carefree (especially a railing in the woods and a monastery assault), and the film itself is mature (with numerous hints of sexuality and rough tongue, looking back and forth with The Hollywood vintage fare like me, the climax, then it's quite brilliant: the enemy forces (who, funny, are ready to talk in the speedy gabberish!) are exhausted by our heroic trio alone, much to the beauty of wonder who, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand? the role of the leader of the Paris underworld in THE CHILDREN OF RADIATORS (1945) Marcel Carn? is in itself something he does. PS Italian television channel threatens to promise for a few months the promising CHAMPAGNE TO TREATMENT (1964) Christian- Jaque, but despite programming already three times (with a preliminary fourth scheduled next week) he still does not have to show yet I have you three more films in my inscrutable VHS pile (as well as Italian television shows in the late night): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also Gerard Philippe), THE TWIN TWIN 1967) and the legend of the French King (1971, Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
