Why a stupid, boring, miserable, overrated movie series like "Star Wars" gets all the hype and a really amazing movie like this is totally invisible ... it's behind me ... This movie really opens the eyes of a dark, disturbing, sad and terrifying world we live ... <br /> <br /> Unlike the boring "Elephant", this film is not one of those "just a typical day until someone pulls out" movies .. this film focuses more on what's happening after the event ... Dean, played very hot and very talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy straight-student with great friends and great life ... until ... she is wounded on the day of shooting by being shot in the head. Fortunately, she is not killed, but she's badly wounded and she has to be in the hospital for a while, causing her to be in many emotional pains except physical ... Meanwhile, Alicia, he also played a very gorgeous and talented Busy Phillips, is an uncomfortable, cold heart, rebellious, counter a medical goth girl who does not wear any positive qualities ... and she is undamaged when the shooting happens .. because she turns out to be a friend with a shooter and she knew she would do what she did ... which causes she is brought to the police station and asked her a few questions. If she refuses to talk to the cops if she knows the shoot is going on, they always come to her house to try to persuade her to say something ... and she still does not, so the school head will make her take part in the funeral of one of the dead students and after surrendering it ... the director decides that it is enough, and forces her to visit Dean at the hospital. Of course, he also rejects it, but the director says that if Alicia does not do it, the cops will continue to try to say something to her ... and so she really can see her ... <br /> <br /> Lonely, traumatized and both physically and emotionally injured Dean is more than happy to visit her, but Alicia is happy to see her. Deana is trying to give her a friendly welcome, but of course, Alicia only responds to harsh and painful comments and a harsh statement, just because she is forced and does not intend to be friendly with her at all. But sooner or later, this intention will change ... (and that's all I'm saying :) This is really one of the most moving films ever, as well as one of the most dark and disturbing .. Actually, I think it would bring it together with "American History X" as equally disturbing while moving ... <br /> <br /> WARNING: Watch this movie at your own risk! It contains VERY graphic scenes and pictures! EXCELLENT and criminally unqualified movie! I feel so shy that I'm the only one who knows about it!
