This is the story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "Weapons That Won West" Cowman, Outlaw, Peace Officer or Soldier, Winchester 73 was a valued asset. Indian would sell his soul to his own ... Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and James Stewart, a duo who would continue to create a number of great Westerns that added a new psychological depth to the genre. The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam, who pursues the man who killed his father. When he goes to Dodge City with his intimate boyfriend, Johnny Williams (Millard Mitchell), Lin goes to Dutch Henry Browne {Stephen McNally}, the man he wants. But with Wyatt Earp (Will Geer), who took all the weapons from those who enter the city, both men are unable to fire that they are ready. The men instead got to win the Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that was eventually won by Lin. But before he can leave the city with a grand prize, the Dutch is attacking him, stealing the rifle and quickly set off the city. When Lin exits in hateful pursuit of both man and rifle, the rifle will change hands several times, each time adding the next dimension as the day of credit for all approaches. <br /> <br /> A very benchmark for what has become known as the 'Psychological West', Winchester 73 is basically the story of a decent man who has been in the past a frontier madness. Tho shot in black and white (the only one of the Westerns duo that was), the landscape is still a fascinating holiday for the eyes. The tone is set in the opening scene like Lin and Johnny on horseback and the silhouettes are on the hillside when they get to Dodge City. It is just a starting point that would see Mann use his outlook as a way to run in parallel with his characters of emotional states. Stewart gives one of his best and most intense performances as McAdam, proving once and for all that he was one of the best and most versatile actors in America. Support is not too bad. Shelley Winters is excellent as the only woman among machismy, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and always great Dan Durya add another class to the management. There are even a few parts for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson, because the one who plays Indian bravery is too long. <br /> <br /> Originally, the film was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had a script run. But Lang left him, which proved to be a blessing to Western fans. Like the director that Lang was, when he was driving Mann {and the new handwriting from Borden Chase & Robert Richards in his hands), he set the wheels in motion to change the course of the genre. Not just with other efforts made by Mann & Stewart, but also with whoever influenced them. Like Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller all took notes and gladly for the Western Purists, followed their sample and transferred the psychological torch further. A big hit at the box office for release, Winchester 73 is a wonderful film that still packs punch in modern times. 9.5 / 10
