"Winchester '73" marked the first of a series of westerns including James Stewart and director Anthony Mann. Like most of them, Stewart's hero has a violent edge that threatens to explode at any time. The name refers to "one in a thousand" rifles that is intended for rifle competition. Dodge City on July 4, 1876. Lin McAdam (Stewart) and his sidekick High Spade (Millard Mitchell) arrive in the city, who are on the way to Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) for past Scandinavian deeds. They arrive just in time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) who came out of town outside Lola Lounge (Shelley Winters). It turns out that the Dutch Henry is also in the city for the rifle. Lin and Dutch Henry tossed him at the winning prize Lin, but Dutch Henry dismantled Lin from the gun and escaped. Lin and High Spade Dutch Henry cross the land where they meet Lola with her cowardly beau Steve Miller (Charles Drake) holds a coffee shop in the US waiting for the attack by a young bull (Rock Hudson) who won a valuable rifle by murdering without John McIntyre's weapon. He got a gun by cheating on Dutch Henry in poker. The young bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Lola and Steve meet with notorious shooter Waco Johnny Dean (Dan Duryea) who kills Steve's prized rifle and Lola for himself. When Dean meets Dutchman Henry, he lets him take his "gun" back and plans to kill him later. In Tuscosa Lin, he kills Dean, while Henry's Dutch plans to hold the bank are getting worse and running into the hills with Lin in pursuit. In one of the best final shots, they sometimes meet in the final fight. <br /> <br /> I believe that this film was the only collaboration between Stewart / Mann who was shot in the B & W. He is beautifully photographed, especially in "wide open space" scenes and especially in the final showdown. Stewart plays against the guy, playing a hero with a horrifying motivation of revenge, the emotion he would bring to future films with Mann. As with most Western Westerns, it boasts experienced veterans and contract players of the day. In addition to the aforementioned, JC Flippen appears as equestrian sergeant Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette, and Chuck Roberson as various supporters; Ray Teal as the Sheriff watching Durye, Tony Curtis and James Best as Newcomers, and Edmund Cobb, Chief Yowlachie and John War Eagle different roles in the Dodge City sequence. Classic Western in every sense of the word. He was responsible for the re-generation of Stewart's career as an action star.
