The story confirms the classic picture of good versus evil in the form of a brother's fight against his brother. The main character, Lin Macadam, played by James Stewart, represents justice and justice. His brother, working under Dutchman Henry Brown, who plays Stephen McNally, is a classical coach who robbed a Western outlaw persecuted by his brother for killing their father. The world underway is a classic dystopian west where the only way to prevent its inhabitants from killing each other is to carry their side weapons as soon as they enter the city and the person responsible for observing this law and order is the classic West lawyer Wyat Earp. <br /> <br /> There are also typical Western housing signs, such as the murderous Indian warrior, the besieged rider and the harassed girl in the hood. Another important archetype of this film, which gives the film the name, is the custom Winchester rifle. A weapon can be considered an allegory of rewards for those who do things honestly. Once stolen from the rightful owner, it brings tragedy to all who come in contact with him. In this sense, it resembles other icons such as the Holy Grail in the Raiders of the Lost Arch, and a bloody letter in the custody of private Ryan. This gives the film an element of surrealism, which is mostly absent from the West, a genre not known for esoteric themes and symbols. <br /> <br /> As a genuinely vengeful film, this element shares with many other genre examples such as No Arnold's Name on the Bullet and Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven. <br /> <br /> There is also a silent theme of rape in Winchester '73. Waco Johnny Dean, one of the movie villains played very effectively by Dan Durye, kidnapped a woman after killing her husband. A volatile cowboy toy with a constantly moving husband and sends him as a cartoon of a cat playing insects before biting his head. Waco Johnny Dean eventually gets what comes to him after coming in contact with the ominous Winchester rifle. The main story of Winchester '73 recalls the mythological story of Jason and his search for the golden fleece, as stated in the Argonautics of Apollonius. Both stories deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that has some intangible quality. Just like Jason, Stewart's character goes from one adventure to another and is looking for a unique prize. Another motif in Winchester '73, which is similar to the mythical legend, is the struggle among the brothers. Several historians of antiquity deal with this issue, such as the story of Cain and Abel of the Hebrew Bible and the vulgar story of Romulus and Remus. <br /> <br /> As for the subject of abduction and rape present in Anthony Mann's film, he is present in many mythological works such as raping Europe, as Ovid says in his Metamorphoses. Winchester '73 is a great example of the western genre and acts as an objective correlative for many classic American Western and ancient mythological themes.
