One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shootings, etc. But instead, it deals with one Winchester '73 rifle and how one rifle affects others and how it affects it. The rifle is not alive, breathing, human being, is not it? You may be inclined to believe it is not. However, he seems to have his own mind, for two very similar reasons: he will eventually return to his rightful owner, though over the rest of the picture, his clumsy "owners" do the best to make sure and never seem be content until he returns to the original owner, so it seemed that the clumsy "owners" somehow lost or killed and tried to protect them and keep them until they returned to James Stewart, then it was "content." But not every owner deserves it. Stewart, of course, has been winning since then. McNally is not, because he has to be a dirty thief and steal him. Drake certainly does not know because he's probably lost him in a poker game, and Drake is too crazy to fight, so why should he have a unique rifle if he does not even use it? Duryea will not do this because he's just a sly maniac, and we all know that the giggling maniac does not deserve his weapons. This film has a kind of new-edged edge that only Western people can have, such as the Ox-Bow incident. Westerns have their own type of noir, which is very different from the movie of the thirties and forties of Bogart. This is the best of all five western western Stewart-Mann, although my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four have become very different from this. I do not think it is by chance to see that the other four are colors and that is black and white. It's because of the edge of the noir. All five films have avenged, and Stewart's dark past plays in the movie to the point that it's not just Stewart's dark side, but also a kind of character, not one that was listed in credits, but one that you can only recognize and to know he is there, always present. However, this not only in the revenge and dark past, but also in the highest danger, and the characters that were very different from Stewart, prefers the other four in all its aspects. But Stewart never goes beyond that. But he makes a line between light and darkness. This is why Black and White played such an integral part of the film. They could all be black and white, or they could be all colors. But this is in black and white, and the other four are in color and there is a very good reason.
