Greater than the characters of life Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson and the ghosts of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull appear above director Anthony Mann, who is very entertaining with the first Western with James Stewart. Though Stewart's attempt to avenge his father's murder is a primary story, Winchester '73 is a truly piece-packed, with an eponymous, one-in-a-thousand firearm passed through the hands of many colorful owners including a sad businessman (John McIntire, particularly great) and excluded Danu Durye is more contemptuous than usual. The filming of fiction and history creates a dazzling tempo and an ambivalent tone greatly in line with Mann's rigid, compose-tight film. His topics of psychological turmoil and past dictates of the present are weakly underpinning this high tale of good and bad men who chase after a legendary weapon but apparently appear in the hint of husband's cowardice and an unsuccessful attempt at reconciliation and are defined in Stewart's interviews with brother Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment is what distinguishes him from other Western creators. Instead of looking at distant views, it integrates them into drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of human figures. Like the mountains, caves and rapids had to be explained in The Naked Spur, there is a collision between loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstacle that fatally defines the role of the winner and the victim between the two equally trained gunmen. (I would be courageous not to recognize the contribution of cameraman William H. Daniels, especially his superlative day for the night, open-circuit photography.) Mann is not just a loyal outdoorsman, he is equally vividly pictured by Wyatt Earp-watched Dodge City, primarily using scale, multi-level staging. The shooting competition does not depend on fast camera shake or twitching because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to show the greatest density of information in the shot. Likewise, he fails to explain this conspiracy in dialogue, relying on actors' eyes or a well-chosen picture to convey betting. One scene specifically serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell tells Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, who is interrupted by the ultimate fighter fight that will soon reveal everyone. Light without feeling insignificant, intense without being over-excited, Winchester '73 looks more modern than his contemporaries and is pleased to see.
