This is quite an unusual and unique little West, which is mostly original due to its story that revolves around the unique and superb Winchester 1873 rifle and all those who pose it at one place or another in the movie. > <br /> It's a mostly funny movie you can watch, but not without being a real western. The film took place in the typical 50's of the 20th century in the style of western genre, so lovers of this genre should not be shut off by their rather unusual main premise. Since the rifle is in fact the main story of the movie, it allows the story to follow several characters throughout the movie, all of which are connected, of course, and the story makes a full circle at the end. Without this, this movie would be pretty dirty to watch, because the story often jumps from one dangerous occasion to another and is constantly different from the characters. Pretty awesome how they even managed to put Wyatt Earpa into it all. But that's not really a criticism. I liked that the film and its story were original, and it seemed that the film was moving from one event to another. It gave the movie some sense of adventure and fun. It's also a great looking movie. I liked setting up the settings of the movie I used and it seems to me quite amazing that it was actually the first Western director Anthony Mann. Fortunately he would continue to direct more westerns later, which would also often play James Stewart in the lead. It was quite bold casting choices to select James Stewart as the lead lead. He is one of the wisest and most polite and performing actors, so dropping him off as a hard shooter seems a bit odd. But Stewart is surprisingly convincing as a hard man and shows how versatile and truly capable as an actor who was actually. <br /> <br /> He also has several other surprising actors in the movie, who often do not connect with this genre. Shelley Winters plays female lead, and later known actors Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis appear in some small roles. <br /> <br /> Real Western with lots of action and fun. /> 8/10
