The new creative team emerged in 1950, when brilliant actor James Stewart collaborated with equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to create a series of westerns that helped define the genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was largely known for having access to family films focused on comedy, drama and romance. Not that he was no longer a multi-talented Hollywood star. One of his best performances on the screen and one of the best for someone on celluloid was Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandalous snake in The Philadelphia Story. He even did Westerns. His portrayal of a shy, but expert shot by Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make the film classic. But for most of the movie visitors, it was all American guy like Smith or George Bailey. Rarely was the dark side of any character he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with motion B in the noir movie mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" captured James Stewart's eye. So two gifted men have combined their resources to create some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful film director A and then went on to manage what some critics see as the greatest of all Gary Cooper's "Man of the West." Stewart has become incredibly rich thanks to his partnership because he signed a part of the royalty in exchange for a fraction of the salary that was generally paid, a wise move actually followed by many other actors ever since. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first one to tell the story from the point of view of a cannon gun. Each owner is part of a narrative story, and everything is hidden in an exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which will also surprise the viewer. In the story from Stuart Lake, the story is devoted to vengeance and ownership of Winchester '73. Year 1876. Custer and his seventh cavalry were destroyed by Sioux and Cheyenne on Little Big Horn. White want to avenge. Native Americans want their country and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between indigenous young bourgeoisie Americans (young rock Hudson showing his potential as actor) and a small group of cavalry bound in the canyon joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong pal High Parade (underestimated actor Millard Mitchell) and a few are trying to find himself, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a polluted dove with a kind heart. Among the horse soldiers are novices Tony Curtis and James Best (late of "Duchess Hazzard"), whose part is truncated by a bullet. Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as the main marshal. Good actor Will Geer (later Waltons) looks older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was the assistant to the marshal at Dodge at the time, only when he shortened his teeth to being a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins Winchester in a shooting contest, but he is soon taken by the devoted Dutchman Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his followers. McAdam and High Spade are the Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the film. On the way, an even more sinister figure appears, Waco Johnnie Dean, playing as an evil personified by Dan Durye who threatens to steal the show from other star cast members. Winchester goes through several hands during the movie, each time the transmission is intense. One includes a shooter that John McIntire played to perfection. Other swaps intertwine with the above scenario. All this plus action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the show. <br /> <br /> As stated above, casting is the first gear up to the smallest roll. Check out other familiar faces in unparalleled parts, including the future Sheriff "Bonanza" Ray Teal and Western Reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
