In 1942, TALES OF MANHATTAN narrated a set of stories that were essentially unrelated, but were tied to a men's evening outfit. Each story began when "tailings" were handed over from one owner (eg Charles Boyer) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, an excellent movie and a great western, has a similar plot. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart looks for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly grudge. But during the film two men got into the shooting competition, the prize (awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart hardly defeats MacMahon, but the gun is stolen by Stewart, and the pursuit is turned on. <br /> <br /> The gun moves from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant merchant who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and short on it), Charles Drake, Dan Durya (like Waco Johnny Dean), MacMahon. Eventually he will return to Stewart. The film is professionally directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experience. Duryea gets the rifle literally through Drake's dead body (Duryea's problem is growing). But it will lose MacMahon, which is faster to draw - not that Durya is so stupid that he is fighting for a rifle. When he and Shelley Winter saw MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who watched Durya kill her ex-boyfriend Drake) immediately dropped the misfortune when he asked why MacMahon's bullying weapon stood. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. Some opportunity comes later (ie when he can safely kill MacMahon and return the rifle back). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake, but he sees him a really big side - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this retreat and helps to destroy it. Other characters have real touches, such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights against the Indian attack with Steward and friend Steward Millard Mitchell. Yes, and along with Flippen's colleague - Tony Curtis. Flippen thinks that this soldier was a hundred battlefields, probably since 1861. Steward had other emotions in other films. In this, the haunted life has occasionally shown anger and a nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is bad with his life. But here he showed demonic anger - at the expense of the surprised Durye (who would normally show such anger himself). Parts of this film fit very well together under Mann's competent hands. This is one western that never comes out because the audience is tracking Winchester rifle.
