The faces of adult Western, which flourished in the 1950s, seek to find its origins in the movie that revealed the syndrome. Of course, we can return to Red River Howard Hawks (1948) or John Ford of My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to keep this single decade, it must be one of several films made in the beginning of this era. One of them is "The Gunfighter," the wonderful story of the famous Ringo who faces his last shootout. Another same year is "Winchester '73", and it is worth mentioning that Millard Mitchell appears both in difficult but also wise, highly realistic riders. At The Gunfighter, the city marshal is expected to arrest Ringo, but once he went with him in some extraordinary gang. In Winchester, Jimmy Stewart's side partner, Horatio and Stewart Hamlet, is in this epic / tragic story. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lonely cowpoke won a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match, defeating the strongest man in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused his father's death. When a brother steals a gun, Stewart and Mitchell go to him in a cowboy outpost that takes them across the border and meets both the outlaws and the Indians. (In one amazing little piece, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - playing the Indian boss and American soldier in the cavalry - during a well-organized battle.) Dan Duryea steals the show as a giggling condemnation leader, while Shelly Winters just before she started to strengthen the weight, it's okay like a shadowy lady who joins all the plots together. Today, the filmmakers have gone for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does so in a very economic (so-called Will Geer) short performances and adds to the historic and epic nature the ultimate battle between good and bad brothers high on the top of the series rock canyons, is now legendary among Western fans. It should also be noted that Stewart, whether much associated with Western films, does what is actually his first western leading role here - yes, he was in De Stry Rides Again eleven years earlier but was occupied in that comedy spoof , because it seemed to be so bad for the Westerns!
