Traditional West is synonymous with open spaces, clear morals, inevitable storylines, optimistic belief in the hero's ability to shape his destiny and escape from his past. These attributes directly reflect the American sense of self, creating a dream, pushing borders and borders, which is why the genre still reminds occasional politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks), the West was healthy without neurons or real anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed everything forever, and this first glimpse into the genre is one of the most violent, lively, intricate, non-telling exciting westerns that ever happened. Traditional west depends on the hero, which is exemplary of harsh health, any misfortune that might have in the past, supporters of the order and rights that control the film, remove its obstacles, and restore harmony; and the obvious villain, who ironically often directs the conspiracy, forces the hero into certain acts. The difference between these two is often defined as a mythical simple as wearing white or black hats. The manna background was in the film noir, a genre opposed to wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was accused of neuroticism, focusing on the dissolution of the unstable protagonist where morality is blurred, the hero is just as often a villain, trapped by the inner labyrinth of his own creation, a passive victim of fate. Noir is about regression, progress, interrogation and rejection of modes and stamps of representation, not their creation and confirmation. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of anxiety noir. Noir is often considered a psychological genre that visualizes the hero's head trauma. It also makes and is all the more worrying that the protagonist is beautiful, Jimmy Stewart, who is launching his big difficult films with Manne and Hitchcock. In many respects, a good-natured and sweet, representing law and trying to resume a violation of the natural order, is also almost a fool who stops in nothing to reach the murderous vengeance, whose inexorable task reflects Ethan Edwards in SEARCHING in his inhumane persistence whose human instincts they are suppressed by this desire, and whose explosions of violence are really frightening to become witnesses. As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have lost (symbolically killed) their father, McAdam's father was killed before he could complete the process; his pursuit by his brother is less moral revenge than a difficult protest against dwarfed growth. The climate cut is not cathartic: McAdam has returned to a "normal" society as if he was witnessing some of the worst horrors in the world. What is most worrying about the movie is that it's not really a hero or a villain at all, but the inanimate bits of the ringing that drives action. 73 opens with privileged title weapons on the screen behind the glass window while his admirers are trapped, shattered, undifferentiated, framed, admired him outdoors. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the greatest number of signifiers - names are changing; Lin and the Dutch mime are shooting because they have no weapons; Quests lose their moral vitality and their practitioners are approaching madness; the army must ask for help from aliens from the confederation to fight the battles; a person becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is exposed as a coward when he leaves a fiancée to India; the weapon retains its prestige, strength, integrity. It's not the revenge that drives the movie but the story of the gun; this film shoots the film out of ordinary expectations and creates a scary, alienating, modern feeling. We become caught in revenge that if we follow, with a gun, another land completely, we feel a little confused. This emphasis on the weapon, a symbol of strong masculinity, in fact allows criticism of this masculinity, revealing absurd complicated rituals at the expense of society and order; brutal capitalist greed; the murderous Indian traders who harass both the vendor and the enemy; cowards; psychotic killers; before returning to his "right" owner, a broken hero of a deeply threatened person who became murderous as a killer he is looking for. The weapon is never suppressed on behalf of its owner, not only because there is no solid owner but because there is no solid masculinity, anathema to the traditional West. <br /> <br /> 73 Brilliantly raises western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, Civil War, Open West - just to undermine them. Earp has an inflated reputation that is everywhere but never proven - Dodge City is no safer than anywhere else; cavalry is awkward (Custer just lost Little Big Horn) and the hot conflict of war proved to be irrelevant. The myth of the open West is a place for a very closed, inevitable, circular plot that captures its characters, refuses to allow them to mold their fate, but to leave them to form. Old John Ford's rider silhouette on a massive mountain is repeated, but signals are not progress but repetition and circularity. But for all its deconstructions, the film is also a tangibly lively way that sometimes fails to reach. Mann's incisive technique disturbs his camera in decisive positions, alternately revealing a distance with intense examination, so the door of the lounge and the door seem to be absolutely alive and live.
