My favorite film genre is Western, it's really the only film genre of American origin. And despite Sergio Leone, no one likes them like Americans. Just at the top of my list of ten favorite westerns is Winchester 73. It was the first matched and single black and white film partnership between director Anthony Mann and James Stewart actor. It was also an oriental film in which Stewart chose the percentage of earnings instead of equal pay from Universal. Many such trades follow for the players and are as rich as the moguls who have employed them. Anthony Mann has done mostly B pictures, noir stuff without real budgets. Just before Winchester 73 Mann made a great western atmosphere with Robert Taylor, Devil's Doorway, who never received enough praise. I'm sure James Stewart had to see it and decided that Mann was the person he had decided to join. In this film Mann also developed a small joint venture like John Ford was legendary. In addition to Stewart, other actors such as Millard Mitchell, Steve Brodie, Dan Durye, John McIntire, Jay C. Flippen, and Rock Hudson appear in Mann's future films. It's a simple plot, James Stewart is obsessed with finding a man named Dutch Henry Brown and his killing. Why do not I say, but until this point we have never seen such cold fury from James Stewart on the screen. Anthony Mann got into the soul of Jimmy Stewart and pulled out some demons, all of whom are afraid we have. Hate is great in a great moment at the beginning of the movie. After Stewart and Assistant Millard Mitchell are disarmed Wyatt Earp played by Will Geer because the weapons are not carried in Earp Dodge City. There is a shooting contest for the Winchester rifle in Dodge City and the betting favorite is Dutch Henry Brown, played with the threat of Stephen McNally. Stewart, Mitchell, and Geer are going to the lounge, and Stewart and McNally appear to each other at the same time and can try to draw weapons that are not there. Look at the details of Stewart and McNally, say more than 10 pages of dialogue. Another character Stewart in the film is Waco Johnny Dean played by Dan Durya, who almost steals the film. It could have been Durya's most beautiful moment on the screen. He is a psychopathic killer who is deadly as a left hand, but sports two six weapons. Another person Stewart encounters is Shelley Winters, who is betrothed to Durye and killed. Their best scenes are at Duryeas, which she liked. He plays for a while until he gets safely from him. Guess who will eventually end up? <br /> <br /> There are some amazing performances in some small roles, there is not an acidic note in the cast. John McIntire as a sharp Indian merchant, Jay C. Flippen as a grizzled army sergeant and Rock Hudson received his first real announcement as a young Indian boss. Even John Alexander, best known as "Theodore Roosevelt" in arsenic and old lace, has a short but impressive role as a business owner, where McNally and Stewart stop at different times. Mann and Stewart made eight films, five of them Western, and were ready to make the sixth West Night Passage when they quarreled and Mann left the set. The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some high-quality films.
