"Addictive" is the adjective I have heard many times when talking about some television shows. Recently, dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have been added to this description. However, how convincing they may be (and they are), I can wait a few days to look at the next episode of one of the series, even the Prison Break, which they sometimes called "new 24". With all due respect can not be such a thing and for good reason: no other silver film thriller is based on real-time structure. This is what separates them from each other, so I have to watch the whole season (DVD) for seven days or less: once the clock ticks, it can not be tightened. <br /> <The episode whose events unfolded over the course of one day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and recently Deadwood); with the full season of the new series the last 24 hours, once per ep (the actual operating time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 is occupied by commercials when the show is broadcast on the telly) was the most pioneering idea on mainstream television by Hill Street Blues introduced a nonlinear narrative element nowadays). And that really paid off. The ironically quite original plan for the series was to revolve around the wedding (fortunately the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format is more suitable for the plot thriller), which is probably why the hero looks for the first time in a cheerful atmosphere: looks very relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys playing with Kimberly's daughter (Elisha Cuthbert) and a couple of minutes later with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife she has just made. As with The Sopranos, there is something unexpected and shocking just around the corner: not only did Kim escape from her room, Jack also receives a phone call that urges him to get back to work immediately. Midnight? I'm afraid Bauer is a CTU agent, and his boss has obtained reliable information about the potential impact of David Palmera (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles all day long (oh, I almost forgot: on California's Presidential Day). There is no time to stretch, then: Jack has to spend another 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol and does not fit well with Xander Berkeley, a slim man from the division who has been asked to intervene. <br /> <br /> It is very dense, so it's hard to recommend for those who have a short attention, but anyone who is willing to look will be immediately rewarded: the font is sharp and accurate, the detail detail is unbeatable and tension is constantly sky-high, mainly due to real-time fraud, which significantly increases the level of adrenaline. Another great feature of this pilot is the characterization: most genre performances (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply represent key players and then define them (an example of a CSI textbook where character development is minimal but adapts to the unique style of the show again) serial debut 24 offers a rich array of fully rounded people, including Jack (Sutherland's best roles - at all!) And Palmer (the real show of the show) excels that he is perfectly described only after one episode (formerly divided between work and family, unscrupulous but humane , second honest, and endowed with great integrity). A few supporting parts bind the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors have to be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there is so much what is going on, most of the audience will not even complain about a "mistake" or two. After all, how many networking programs can get you started with conspiracy, a missing teenager, and a huge explosion - and yet you have the same content for the rest of the season? ...
