From these observations, I agree mostly with Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had the potential to be funny, but even though he was driving at some points, he failed elsewhere. You saw that they wanted to make a joke, but no one in the audience was shy. (Also, agree with Edyarb's view of the final credits: leave it normal, or let it cool, but not what they did now.) OK, it gives a more negative feeling than what I was actually watching the movie. I enjoyed it; it was a pleasant night fun and definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get a ticket. The best jokes are those that are a bit overlooked and quite mature, like the character of Luke Wilson Matt, who asks a super chick "P * nis or a bed?" when she told him she would "go with her new" after a wild night in bed, she would end up breaking her bed and leaving her mother. However, I can not agree with bgs1614. that the film could get a "R" rating - there was nothing in the movie to justify it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, just humorous and not nudity at all. (Maybe he was on a preliminary speech that showed more ...?) I want to compare it to two recent films I've been seeing without expectation: Superman returns and clicks. I did not want to really expect anything from him - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and the Click Trailer just showed that it is a potentially chauvinistic film (which I should not oppose). Superman surprised me that he really felt good (goose hips!) When I saw his first heroic act as if I had seen a long lost friend and I was happy. But for the rest of the story, I'd rather watch My Super Ex-girlfriend, at least give it a surprise. Tapping again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than a trailer, and about five minutes from a really great movie. Jokes also work much better than ex-girlfriends, both disobedient and more advanced. <br /> <br /> The only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three, I've seen in a very short time, and also because I went to all with basically no expectations at all. I'd put them on, click, girlfriend, Superman.
