On paper, it looked like a great concept: The average fellow on reflection dates back to the tight book curator of the museum, who is a really hot superhero who regularly stores the world. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne ("Simpson's") almost doubt that they have their hero of G-Girl (playing Uma Thurman) as a nutshell like Superhero and secret identity persona Jenny Johnson. The film will even perform in an interview between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his rescue of G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny asks Matt for what G-Girl is. Matt replies, "Is it a nut?" I think the intent was for Jenny (Thurman) to have this lonely young woman who does not have any of them in her life, isolated by her great bodily abilities. Thurman is doing the best she can, but her Jenny is a terrible mood that is struggling with the dreaded need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is too christmas in the role of reversing a friend and superhero of a girlfriend. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing, coming to the end of "Superman Returns" which plays Superhero straight up, talking so.With all of its peculiarities and inconsistent writing I still thought that "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was fun and liked the film, because it is a film of Ivan Reitman, it could have been much better.Reitman starts with a big assumption and really plays it.First we all love the hero.There are neither Jenny nor G-Girl really This is surprising for Umu Thurman, who is normally a charismatic and strong presence, and her Jenny / G-Girl is simply strange at first, and shocking because if there is a woman who can play the superhero, Thurman is - it looks great. Jenny becomes sympathetic instead of cartoon. Although "My Super Ex" is not a straightforward superhero story, rather a romantic comedy comedy is what superhero myth requires - super super villain, here is Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really bad. He's not Lex Luthor. No plans for global domination. Bedlam has more of Barry's grudge against G-Girl, and obviously it has something to do with the past. What is bizarre, you do not know who you'd rather spend time with? Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson is just a "bummer" who accidentally joined the psycho superhero. One of the annoying things he does is admitting his vile friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson is doing a bad blackout). Wilson sometimes plays a bit too dense, and it worsens his pleasant charm. But it works in a comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt while filming Jenny / G-Girl realizes he's in love with his coworkers Hannah (fascinating Anna Faris). So how does Matt say goodbye to G-Girl? Well, it's not nice and mostly funny. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemical creation. What can be inherently difficult is superhero satire masquerading as a romantic comedy. Everyone loves the heroes. However, the hero of the matrix work? Maybe not. She can not convince all the talents of Um Thurman. And he does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough spell and presence to survive their narrative. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although everyone was involved, the movie could be great.
