I have to say that as a BSG fan I was not exactly sure what I would think about this show. I saw it on the big screen at the Arclight cinema this evening (as part of the Paley Center screenings) and the filmmakers and filmmakers talked as follows. Ron Moore said they "wanted to make a clean break from the Battlestar and did something else, and that he would lose some fans, but hopefully they won another one." Even without their speech, I'm now a fan of a new show, but here's what I thought of the movie. <br /> <br /> I loved it. It was really very good. I think I'm a real sci-fi (or syphas "- really have to write it?) because I have watched it as a series, it has a strong and rich story and kept my interest.This starts with a small group of teenagers who plotted something, which was the weakest and a little confused for me. "The actor who plays" Ben "should pay more attention to his intense convictions: actress playing" Zoe "she looked a bit of prey, but she played a teenager (and I'm sure I will not be the only one who thought Zoe was primarily Cylon because he could be a BSG geek.) If they hope it's a new Bamber / Helfer / Park, maybe they want to rethink, but adults get the attention of the audience. Eric Stoltz gives starring performance as Daniel Greystone, a man so horrified by his family tragedy that he jumped on the first chance to get out of his sadness and not let go. He does a frosty and breathtaking work that conveys the consciousness of his kind about the inner world of computers and people, especially in the scene where he launches the web for the young teenage girlfriends of her daughters, catches her, then dismisses and releases her. No sign of all the "serial killers" he played on Gray's anatomy, a really impressive acting. Just as powerful, though not in it, is Paul Malcomson as his wife, Amanda Greystone. She is just as clever, well written and beautiful as the Stoltz part, and I fully believed that it was a couple and a couple who are forever together and have a strong relationship, something that is rarely seen today. I look forward to what will happen to this family, and I hope they will do as much work as Roslin in BSG - she is strong and smart, and when she throws her on a kid, it happens, it's really great . Not to mention the eyes that could have magical powers are so intense. The scene in which a government agent takes over - a very short scene but plays beautifully - really gives you an idea of ​​your strength. The second part of the show that did not work for me on a 100% scene with Esaio Morales and his mafia clan type. Overall, she does a good job, but I did not believe in this crowd power, nor intimidating their threats. I've found that the whole story line is a little more mysterious and harder to find out; the way it is presented is almost a tribute to the Godfathers, they hit you a bit over your head. But if we take the time, I see how to develop it into an interesting "up / down" thing, with poor minorities (Morales et al.) Versus the wealthy people ruling the planet (Stolz et al.). And to be honest, I liked it when he talked to his son about the origin of his name - it was a very well-played scene. Note for BSG fans, boy playing "Willy Adama" does not really like Olmos, but it's just a kid. Whether or not he will be in this movie more than anyone in this movie, who knows? I certainly could not say it. But it did not bother me because it was not as interesting as everything that's going on around him. Polly Walker plays "Sister Clarice" and she is cool and weird in every scene she's in. I'm not sure where she will go or who she's going to finish with, but her acting has made me very interested. She was a bit on the side in this movie, but of course she was ready to play a very important part later. She was not like her character in "Rome," something I always play impressive in the actors. One nice surprise - music is actually better and less obvious than BSG, even though it's the same guy, Bear McCreary. It has a haunting and unusual approach that surprised me if I had a chance I would buy this score. As for "panel discussion" after the show, Seth Green hosted. Ron Moore was very clever and spoke, David Eick was wise (like his videos), Esai Morales told a long story about how he was busy, and Eric Stoltz was very fun and really did not answer the questions (but I always had something for him Paula Malcomson was tough (she took Seth Green to mistakenly say she was "24"), and the girls who played Zooey and Lacey were kind, and Grace Park and Tricia Helfer answered the questions about how the scenes were involved BSG, it's a very interesting and wonderful evening, I'm giving a show of 9 out of 10 and I'm looking forward to seeing it all. <br /> <br /> NOTE: It's just been a second time and I really hope to explore, why was HOLOBAND originally made? I have no idea what it can be, but it has a great fascination for me.
