Everything starts with suicide. Or is it a car crash? I think it all depends on whether you decide to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter the new Seven Pounds movie any way you want when it begins at the end and begins to work back at the beginning, showing the course of events that led us to that heartbreaking call. This is one strong movie; Maybe it's because I'm wise when it comes to the dramas of this film, drips with heavy moments and full devastating performances, but anyway, the movie works best when it really touches me when it lasts in the back of my main clock after leaving theater. And it is from the team that brought us overstated, dirty and not everything that Pursuit's purse buys, so I just say that my expectations have been carefully guarded for a great sink. Still, I was seven pounds from the initial frame until the credits grew. Even if you find out what Will Smith is doing, the secret mission you are trying to accomplish, it's the way it fills your repentance, which glows brightly and at the end leaves you a distracted smile. > <br /> Our entry point is somewhat shocking and leaves us to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has a list of names, one of the people we do not know about, and one of the people he seems to be trying to track and scrutinize. Collaboration with the IRS allows him to access these aliens to look at their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift that has the power to give them a gift that could completely change their circumstances. He calls his old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he has promised not to guess his decision because his opinion has not changed. Even in a role that is as small as Pepper's, you can not help, but you feel the total sorrow that held in the background and hung over each head. It is his character, which is perhaps seen three times, that it really includes the primary level of emotions with which it is. Its disturbances, whether torn or fragmented or cramped in their heads, show that these two men have a bond that is a test of time and all circumstances. , begins the way to meet new people. Thomas is on a mission to help alleviate the financial troubles of the deadly people and seeks to remain on the surface despite the heavy burden of health care and survival. This process takes many turns, from the "blind, vegan, meat merchant" who berates to see if it can explode; to a patient in the phase of a second donor-necessary heart that could not print a number of stationary or even run with her grand duke; on an abused and scared Latino mother of two, too afraid to leave her boyfriend; to a dying hockey coach who instils faith into the suffering youth community; to a little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with hope and pain in the pain and inevitable future and want to love each other and there are those who try to beat by cutting their horns and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it in style. Why is Thomas going over the mix and finding that those who deserve his "gift" are first unknown, and that's why the man he saw in flashbacks as an aerospace engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge house on the beach now lives in a motel, drive a crash car, going from door to door for inspection purposes for the IRS. As he says, "he got to work". <br /> <br /> Smith's search as Thomas is long and painful, tempered with moments of clarity and sincere sympathy. As a person who has the means to help, he takes his job seriously, overcomes people who do not suit and try those he thinks are worthy of nth. If it means they have to scream and have fun, they have to do it. At every step, however, you will see the suffering in his eyes, the pain that permeates his soul, makes every move to his destiny, one as a holy redemption not only for those he wants to help but for himself. It's a great performance, and I just want Smith to do more of his drama than his summer scripts, because even if they're fun, it's too good for him. A man should better win the Oscar before he's done, or it's at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is stellar. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is a pitch-perfect handicap with joy of life. His shy smile and faith in humanity meets all over the world, whether it's a phone when he screams, sits at dinner, eats his pie, or piano in the park and plays with everyone who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as an abused mother, is fantastic, showing a tough evolution from pride to fear that she is totally overwhelmed by the alien's goodwill and finally allowing her family to be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like a "once hot" young woman, beaten and broken by long hospital stays, all but life lived to find love and happiness. It's a performance by Smith's Tomas who opens his eyes again to become a woman, a free sexual creature who can live without fear of thinking about what day she will be the last.
