Seven pounds, this was a movie where I was convinced that Will Smith really is about "I'm Going to Cry". One thing I can give him a lot of credit can cry him. My only point is that as the story moves, Will Smith has proved once again that he can act, so why is this extremely depressing story? Still, it's still a good movie. I have to admit that I was crying, but I felt Rosario Dawson's performance, I absolutely love this girl since I saw it at 25 o'clock with Ed Norton, I knew the girl would go far. She is beautiful, charming, entertaining, and talented, she can not wait to see her career go on. But she and Will Smith were not so convinced they would have the great chemistry they needed the movie that would do it in a great movie. Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident, was caused by using his cell phone; seven people died: six foreigners and his fiancee. Year after the crash and when he left his job as an aerospace engineer, Tim donates his pulmonary lobe to his brother Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he devotes a part of the liver to a child who works with Holly the laborer. Then he starts looking for other candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior ice hockey trainer and donates his kidneys, and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he died, he would contact Holly and ask if he knows who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive friend. Tim drove out of the house and into the motel where he took the jellyfish. One night, after the defeat, Connie contacts Tim, and he gives her keys and deeds to her beach house. He will take his two children and enter his new home. After alienating his brother's credentials and registering with Ben brother's name, he looks for candidates for his last gifts. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat dealer who plays the piano. Tim will call Ezra Turner and bother him at work to check if he is quickly annoyed. Ezra stays calm and Tim decides he is worthy. She then contacts Emily Posu, an independent business card that has heart condition and a rare type of blood. He spent the time with her, filled the garden and repaired his precious printer Heidelberg. She starts to fall in love with her and decides that when her condition gets worse she needs to donate. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and is definitely worth a look. rent in comparison with the theater. Will Smith delivers good performance, but it's not his best, but most of the film forces him to cry in every scene, but the last one is impressive. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and really brings you to life and you do not understand it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben's character reminds you that you value life and give to those who desperately need it. Though he went a little far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
