I recommend this movie to all fans who are dying to see the musicians make a faithful transition from the scene to the screen. Sure, it's a long one, but it's a length that testifies to how the original musical scenario of the film is all right. Sets and cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio the place to be. Fosse protege Anne Reinking also does a great job of choreography that gives dancing a beautiful town, feeling the season. Casting at first glance may look odd for some, but they are really amazing (reading "annonymous" commentary on Jason Alexander's performance caused me badness). In fact, his performance literally steals the show. As Albert mixes with his unique combination of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke-esque spell to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that nobody can dance and sing as a trader will not hurt. George Wendt is another performer who improves how Paul Lynde takes on Harry McAfee, by being less manic and more on Earth and strict. His whole body and body language shouts "over my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes Elvis' aspect of Conrad Birdie to the new heights with gentle insertion "thank you very much" to "frankly honest". His physicality deviates even more from the young Elvis to the inflated, furious Conrad of the original film. The fact is that this film is very different from the original film (which was accompanied by cartoon happy cheeks, tortoises on speed and Russian ballet !!!), what all this is related to Bye, Bye Birdie? The only possible advantage of the original version is Ann Margret. Otherwise, updates are always better. Where the old version cut down a lot of songs and increased dance breaks where it was not necessary (and for all purposes ended the movie in the middle of the game), the new version restored the original musical score and added some great new stuff too ("Giant Step" is a standout in this category). We know that we live at a time when we are trying to, but if you want your problems to break out of your problem and have a happy face on them then it does not matter what it is worth.
