This movie is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and as I did it at all major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially what industry regards as "the best". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting is generally exaggerated and uninteresting, his only decent performance is in Lost, so I usually try to avoid his films. However, I've seen it at the film festival a few years back and I was absolutely impressed. This director really knows what he's doing. Of course, you will get trolls (or just unconscious people) who do not understand what constitutes a good film and rip on low budget rights because they have no idea what they have come up with. Fortunately, from what I've seen, I'm in the minority about this jewel. <br /> <br /> Let's not forget that the movie works without any budget and that a few supporting actors could still use the work, because that's certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect from the first real movie from someone still in high school? Pretend that the budget does not matter. If you take a bit of acting, sound quality (which was not the filmmaker's fault, I saw it at the festival and the sound was cool ... I guarantee that the one who made the DVD itself and the fact that it was shot on mini-DV, then what you have a story, a visual composition, and a soul of the film that are undoubtedly flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell the story. <br /> <br /> This is clear .. She can write script materials that are hard, , creates a whistle that perfectly complements this story and brings it to life in a fascinating and creative way that has been awarded for this higher budget.Take them more experienced actors, better sound postproduction and 35 mm instead of mini-DV, and even trolls can not complain. This girl is unbelievable and because Insomniac has become good a few years ago, she has done some wonderful work ever since. lu proves it and I can not wait to see a higher budget, which she did. 9/10 stars, it's really a movie from hell filmmaker.
