first of all someone mentioned that because it was released in a "limited" amount means it would be bad ... that's exactly what the Hollywood "big five" would want everyone to think about can "walk" or "ignore" features that are not desirable without losing their faces or censoring ideas directly. until then, this production has been released "restricted" because it is considered "minor" by some individuals. <br /> <br /> I have absolutely loved this feature now; it is much better than "Charlie Wilson's War", though it is a "fictitious" account of what will never happen, but it is always so OBVIOUS. this will go to anyone and everyone involved or affected by current American foreign policy " on board ". the country "turakistan" and "emerald town" are definitely trying to remind Iraq and Baghdad as well as "Tamerlane" for "haliburton" (with Dick Cheney, LOL vice chairman, Dan Aykroyd). quiet moments in which the film is really serious, not even sarcastic (the main example would be how the character of John Cusack deals with his depression but not only). <br /> <br /> I have found that ALL characters can be related to something / someone or certain stereotypes. now word of advice; if you are not politically active, especially as regards the aspects of "globalization", you probably will not have this role because most of its content and inside "jokes" target certain "personalities" that are not "visible" to the general public on a daily basis. .. (the main exception would be Hilary Duff, who plays a famous materialistic pop star, must I say the name (S)?). in his CORE is a feature of the conference against globalization. the message is undoubtedly supplied with comic revenge. Joan has a line at one point, which says: "And here we have a book written, you know who, how I conquered the world and solved problems with my father" .PRICELESS)) <br /> <br /> sister and brother Cusacks play well together as always, as in "Grosse PointeBlank" I say a little "mature". Marisa Tomeihere does not show her back and breasts to "impress us" "Before Devil knows you're dead") but instead has a very serious role and can pull her out of a quiet state. Many critics can not do this (they can not do it or do not want it). this is not a normal movie, but rather a comic book. this feature is worth delivering a message and NOT getting Oscars, or having a "visual" kind of getting the viewer into buying the latest "HDTV experiences" TVs ... I noticed even in my local documentaries that this movie is badly re "not artistic "while the PRO Iraq military films are good for being" balanced "apparently and" entangled ". It is contemplated how many of the world's major media is concentrated in the hands of a bunch of boys. .. <br /> <br /> I assume that this feature will prove to be a hit abroad much more than it will be in North America. as I mentioned earlier, it's all about satire about US foreign policy and how it was abducted by "special interests" ... having a "regular" American soldier who wears a corporate logo "Tamerlane" on his fighting dress is quite insulting BUT EFFECTIVE when displaying reality because it will soon be so far. <br /> <br /> Several shots: After "liberation," the country gets hit by commercial advertising; a cheerful scene about how future journalists are likely to gather "news" ("everything must be better than these xbox bulls")); soldiers dealing with their "frustrations"; <br /> <br /> Overall I do not recommend "conservatives" or "hard core" of some kind or other. This feature is not meant to reach the minds of the people (as traditional propaganda and business interests always try). Instead, it contains a message well defined for realists and some ideological goals that are clearly "always" inadequate.
