The Hauser brand (John Cusack) is the killer of the CIA. He has to go to the land of Turakistan, the state that the United States "freed", and to kill a merchant named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate Tamerlane, which gives the country "back together," will not stand for Sharif, a petroleum man from a neighboring state who places his own pipeline over the rolled-up Turquistan. But once, Brand is struggling with difficulty. One, she meets the determined journalist Natalia (Marisa Tomei), who wants the American public to tell a "true" story about the conflict in the region ... and about Tamerlan. But Brand is horrified to realize that Natalie is a pretty face and the sharp mind immediately and unconsciously forces her to lose focus on her mission. Also, his envelope as a business show brings him to meet Princess pop singer Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will be married at the Congress Center. She is a young diva, whose wedding arrangement also turns away the brand's attention from the next assassination. With other awkward subordinates and complications, Brand will be able to carry out his mission for the satisfaction of former Tamerlane, former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to shoot this movie, even if it does not. In Serbia, it is a dignified view of what Iraq needs to be, the country has turned in reverse. In the green zone called "The Emerald City", in this amazing form that resembles Oz, she tried to prevent the destruction of the war elsewhere in the metropolis. Cast is very nice, with Cusack doing a nice job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. In particular, Duff turns very much like a heavy accent singer, a deeply made rodent. The renewal of the Baghdad war is so real that it hurts, while costumes and other production values ​​are top-notch. As for the scenario, it's not always coherent, but it certainly has some huge dialogue and scenes. For example, the young boy Turaqui offers to show the mark of the enemy's sanctuary in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces cash, but because it has no candy, the boy burns just like his vehicle. Brilliant! Also, direction is not a complete success, but very often it does not stay. No, if you have a conservative tendency, you probably will not enjoy this movie. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical look at the "war on terror", it's a pretty good show. So try to see it because you will support those creators who have decided to make movies away from those old "formulas" of studies.
