On this July weekend, it is nice to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the film "War, as" Just as our founding fathers gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film reveals in a spectacular fashion a terrible war - the gain of today's fruit of the capitalist creeps that aim to privatize the government disproportionately, including the privatization of the war itself. <br /> <br /> Cast in this satire is totally lit. John Cusack is amazing as a droll, a confrontational corporate killer and beautiful Marisa Tomei is great as his love interest. (My God, "George Costanza" was right, Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister Joan Cusack who really steals the movie. Her performance of the boss, yet a sykofant, personal assistant, is invaluable and I could not stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance several times. Not only does she have fantastic comedy timing, her face is as expressive as anyone could ever want in the actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short, but very effective film in the film as the leading wartime company, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on the "throne" with his trousers down his ankles, Ackroyd looks even like a clown who currently occupies one of our true throne of power. You will not have to think too much about recognizing this person. Most of this film was shot in Bulgaria, and we are able to see so many real military installations. (Just know that the US Army would never cooperate in making this satirical revelation of war gains.) I especially enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif," as Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov plays. In one scene she is in the dance hall with Marisa Tomejová, she has a few lines that could sum up our entire foreign stance towards the foreign leaders we install and uninstall. <br /> <br /> Naturally, this movie will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the army, intelligence gathering and analysis, prisons and the repairs system, public health and countless other government services is a good thing, this movie. But if you think that destroying people and countries to join the bottom of society is an abomination, I think you will appreciate a lot in this movie. Nothing could be more in harmony with the Spirit of Independence, which deserves deserved mockery of the corrupt powers.
