In this satire of commercialization and "carelessness" of war John Cusack plays Brand Hauser, a murderer sent to "Turaqistan" to get rid of Omar Sharif who is doing some oil stores that will be a problem for the former vice president, US Own Company. In addition, Hauser must juggle his fake position as a producer, a wedding for pop princess Yonik (Hillary Duff) and a fanciful liberal journalist Natalia (Marisa Tomei). technical aspects: <br /> <br /> - The effect (at least according to the main characters) was good, as could be expected. Some of John Cusack's dialogue was obviously unspoken for him because he often seemed uncomfortable to say. . . maybe unrealistic is more accurate. Joan has done a great and often cheerful performance. Marisa Tomei, while I was never a big fan of it, was more than suitable for this role and worked well. But Hillary Duff was pretty awful. They needed an attractive Middle East (or Russian, or any such accent should be) pop-star. Unfortunately, they met her for three. <br /> <br /> - As I said above, the font seemed a bit stiff and did not answer the points, especially the John Cusack dialogue. Not much, mind, but some. The story is also a bit ridiculous in points, which is fine for satire to the point, but it has lasted to a whole new level. Fortunately, Cusacks and Tomei maintain a relatively cool and quiet attitude around the world, making it a pretty balanced mix of movie fools and starvation. Joshua Seftel, who previously had the real credit of his name, did a great job with a broad-spectrum film. With a small budget ($ 10 million) he managed very well and stretched it to look much more. Seftel also managed to mix the humor of the story nicely. . . with painful and difficult to trace parts of real war (including killing civilians, etc.). - As far as general satire is concerned, the exaggerated view of the commercialization of the war is very well done, especially the "Golden Palace Poker" ads on American dances. It's a little bit of a point, but in the end it still draws on what's going on for the young Mel Brooks style. Overall, the film is very well made for a modest budget and it's definitely a good look. It will not be like one of the great satirists of the cinema, but it is definitely not the worst. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
