The first film of Joshua Seftel - a satire of unforgettable proportions - is as the name implies: The corporation is working on war. The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the US government "get their message" to the Turaqistan leaders. Meet the reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will follow with a lone man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah appears. As Yonica marries one of the most important people of Turakistan (son of the president), a subplot is created where the mercenary has to oversee this star, somewhat. The film starts with lonely Cusack at the bar; for more than fifteen seconds, the movie hooks you up. With his fun and interesting look at terrorism and politics, your movie is blowing. The film has much more action than I expected, with occasional war scenes, well choreographic battles and only sporadic scenes of murder. Although the story is not too deep, the simplicity of everything makes the movie perfect for ordinary people as well as film critics. In the final act of the film, it is all very hostile and confused. I thought it was done very well, but others may not agree and I understand why. Twist after twist is what the end is all about, and like most movies, it's a real hit / miss situation. Notwithstanding the three filmmakers (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) have done a fantastic job that creates realistic and fun satire in today's situation abroad. Joshua Seftel does an excellent job, integrity; not reducing the material to the most redundant films (which feared it would happen). Seftel created the film as perfectly as he could: creating a lively atmosphere that explored both harsh reality and false drawing; - perfectly contrasting them - just like creating a movie feeling like you're watching it all. Seftel will really join you in all the events and pay off. No errors here. Hopefully he will take over more overhead posts as he is one of the directors to look for.
