Deanna Durbin, Nan Gray, and Barbara Read are "The Three Smart Girls" in this 1936 Universal Film, which features Deanna Durbin's film audience. It also stars Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It is a sweet story about three young women who now live in Switzerland with their divorced mother and hear that their father (Winninger) has remarried. They have not seen him in 10 years and know that their mother still loves him, boarding a ship in America, with the help of a housekeeper / nurse, determined to stop the wedding. He realizes that the intended "dear" (Barnes) is nothing but a goldsmith helped and encouraged by her mother (Brady), and therefore ensures her to be presented to the rich count. This is arranged by their accountant father (the king). The man he chooses is drunk full time (Auer), but the girls miss him for real wealth (Milland). What a mess. It's a wonderful film that does not fit too sweetly, with some nice performances, especially Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. Young women are nice and they all do a good job. The emphasis is, of course, on young Durbin, who is a natural actress and beautifully trained singer. In fact, her voice as a young man is far more than she would be like an adult - she has no problems with high notes as she did later because she put too much weight in the middle of her voice. He is singing the wonderful "Il Bacio" at the police station. One of the most beautiful things about the film is that the father who plays Charles Winninger does not want his kids around - until he sees them and knows them. Barnes as a goldsmith is not all that young, but the girl's mother looks up there, so it was probably an older man who was looking for a young young and charming woman. In fact, he finds the youth he was looking for in his daughters. Universal gives Durban the big star - he has the last film in the movie. Ray Milland has still paid his fees at this point, and it will probably be a surprise for film fans as well as young and attractive. Very fun and of course it led to the sequel and the big star for Deanna.
