Deanna Durbin, that is, 14 years old and just under a contract with MGM, created a short feature in 1936 that co-wrote her with Judy Garland, a younger year, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer then decided he did not need two competing young singers, bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, dragged her into three intelligent girls, and transcribed the script to make up for her part. She is the last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be crazy and were right. The three smart girls are less musical and comic, and Durbin, 15 years old when the film was released, carries it with us. It's Penny Craig and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to rescue their father, who divorced his mother, from the sleeves of an elegant golden trench with a wild mother. They talk about their journey from Switzerland where they live, to New York where their father lives. They plan not only to break the holy father's wedding, but to reconnect with a mother who still loves the guy after ten years. Is there any doubt that Durbin sings a song or two in her warm, sweet soprano? No way. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... when Kay and Joan find love and marriage on the way? No, again. Several years later, Durbin was quoted as saying that she could not play Little Miss Fixit forever. Of course, she was right, but in the movie The Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has Little Miss Fixit. Durbin is fun, determined, inventive, energetic and natural. Her personality is so authentic that she makes this comedy - a mixture of exuberance, confusion, good intentions, and merciless indignation - to make a real difference. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie with ease. It's a lot of fun watching her keep it against Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, a woman with hooks at Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who did not even look at the theft of scenes. Alice Brady, who starred in My Mother Godfrey's mature matron, plays Mother Donna Lyons, who is even more of a golden dick than her daughter. The last successful phariser is Ray Milland as lord Michael Stuart, who through a fictional and fun mix is ​​mistaken with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three smart girls are well behaved as a light and fun comedy of behavior and mixing. So does Deanna Durbin as a brand new star, who has greatly saved the universal bacon.
