Deanna Durbin really saved Universal from bankruptcy and allowed her to remain a major study. By the mid-1930s, most of the great directors who had gone to college, such as Milestone, Browning, and Wyler, left. Only James Whale stayed, but his prestigious horror films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared in a short "Every Sunday" and originally Garland designed for the role of Penny in "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was not available, Universal switched to Durbin. At first she was definitely a supporter, but her potential was so lively that the script was rewritten to make her star. Director Henry Koster had the film European touch. The film starts with a beautiful panorama of the lake in Switzerland. Three sisters Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read), and Penny (Deanna Durbin) sail with Penny with the famous voice "My Heart Sings". Everything on the home front is not very good - their father plans to marry again with a younger woman (Binnie Barnes) so the three girls, with the help of her trusted sister (Lucille Watson), decide to go to New York and resume with her mother. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Strict Mother Robert Taylor in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). Donna is a golden kick who, along with her tattered mother (Alice Brady), marries Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone who does not have a movie experience, Deanna is amazing like Penny, a typical annoying, enthusiastic child nurse, and she is just as beautiful as the picture. When she sings "someone who cares about me," it just melts - what a glorious voice she has. She also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When her father consults her with "I'll take you to the zoo tomorrow," she replied, "Oh, I see a lot of monkeys!" <br /> <br /> With the help of Bill Evans (John King), they decide to hire Count (Mischa Auer) for the Donna novel. He will arrange a nightclub meeting, but because Lord Michael Stuart (Ray Milland) is talking about, he thinks about counting and Donna falls on him (she thinks she owns half of Australia !!!). Kay and Donna want to speed up marriage to Judson. Penny decides to take things into his hands and escapes. She is taken to a local police station where she enjoys cops with the release of "Il Bacio" (trying to convince them that she is a young opera singer.) Everything ends happily with her mother (Nella Walker) with her father and in the meantime Donna meets with false counting (Mischa Auer) and sailed to Australia. <br /> <br /> We are highly recommended.
