Time paradoxes are the destiny of the devil for helpless minds. Are fun to consider in 'what if?' somehow. The filmmakers and filmmakers have been involved in a number of films and televisions, including Star Trek: First Contact, the trilogy "Back to the Future", "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures", "Groundhog Day" Stargate SG1, "Window of Opportunity ". Heinlein's "All You Zombies" was written decades ago and yet it will still turn people by reading this story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's '12 Monkeys', it's hard to find out what are the issues of continuity versus conspiratorial elements that lead us to think again about our concept of film. Repeated tours lead us to different conclusions if we keep our minds open. Some who see the movie for the first time will consider Cole, who plays Bruce Willis, as schizophrenic. Most will see Cole as a man disrupted by what Adams describes as "constantly passing through experience" he has visited him on his way to time. <br /> <br /> Unlike other stories from the '12 Monkey 'magazine, it is unclear whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past. Cole tells his psychiatrists Railly (Madeleine Stowe) that time can not be changed, but the phone call he made from the airport is captured by scientists after being sent back to 1996 on his personal timeline. > <br /> It could also be seen as an event that should happen in a single time line universe to make sure the time line does not change ... Cole must die in front of his younger guy to make the fate come true. If this is the case, time is like a fluid, always its own level or path, regardless of the external forces that work on it. He thinks he's doing too much on such things. <br /> <br /> If you can change future events that then lead the actions of those who have the power to send people back in time as we see on board an airplane at the end of the movie then it means that the future CAN can be changed by manipulating past events ... or yes? The movie probably led to a lot of drunken beatings in the bars attended by physics and mathematics. <br /> <br /> Bonus material on DVD allows very interesting tracking. Gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film for a budget, which is not a special surprise after a musical debacle and in the light of his later attempt to make the film "Don Quixote". I would like to appreciate documentary work as one of the more interesting things I've seen. It's certainly not a bleach, and it's just watching the difficulties and occasional conflicts between the creators. Gilliam's film description as his "seventeenth" release, due to the film written by writers other than the author himself - and not his "film" - does not make the movie of justice itself. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt's portrait of Goines is curiously interested, although his character is not particularly sympathetic. Watch out for his slightly blind look in one of the asylum scenes. It is disturbing and disturbing. Probably coincidence, Louis Armstrong's song "What a Beautiful World" was used at the end of both "12 monkeys" and the last episode of the television series "The Stopwiker's Guide to the Galaxy." The film and television series featured also British actor Simon Jones. "12 Monkey" is a science fiction tale that will have fun in the same way that it can entertain the mental stimulation of the chess game. It's not an insignificant recreation, that's for sure.
