Time paradoxes are the destiny of the devil for helpless minds. Are fun to consider in 'what if?' somehow. The filmmakers and filmmakers have been involved in a number of films and televisions, including Star Trek: First Contact, the trilogy "Back to the Future", "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures", "Groundhog Day" Stargate SG1, "Window of Opportunity ". Heinlein's "All You Zombies" was written decades ago and yet it will still turn people by reading this story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's '12 Monkeys', it's hard to find out what are the issues of continuity versus conspiratorial elements that lead us to think again about our concept of film. Repeated tours lead us to different conclusions if we keep our minds open. Some who see the movie for the first time will consider Cole, who plays Bruce Willis, as schizophrenic. Most will see Cole as a man disrupted by what Adams describes as "constantly passing through experience" he has visited him on his way to time. <br /> <br /> Unlike other stories from the '12 Monkey 'magazine, it is unclear whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past. Cole tells his psychiatrists Railly (Madeleine Stowe) that time can not be changed, but the phone call he made from the airport is captured by scientists after being sent back to 1996 on his personal timeline. > <br /> It could also be seen as an event that should happen in a single time line universe to make sure the time line does not change ... Cole must die in front of his younger guy to make the fate come true. If this is the case, time is like a fluid, always its own level or path, regardless of the external forces that work on it. He thinks he's doing too much on such things. <br /> <br /> If you can change future events that then lead the actions of those who have the power to send people back in time as we see on board an airplane at the end of the movie then it means that the future CAN can be changed by manipulating past events ... or yes? The film has probably led to a lot of drunken fights in the bars attended by physics and mathematics
