"The Twelve Monkeys" are strange and disturbing, yet they are both smart and intelligent. Cleverly jumping between the future and the past and the story he tells about a man named James Cole, a prisoner who is sent back to collect information about an artificial virus that destroyed the 5 billion human population on the planet back in 1996. At first, Cole is sent back to 1990 by accident and the misfortune is taken to a psychiatric institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly, who is trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a well-known scientist. Being provocative and somewhat reasonable in terms of reason and madness, the film is a masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. The story is just fantastic. It's so original and fun. The screenplay written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by the film "La Jetée" (1962), which I did not see, but I have to thank the director and writer Chris Marker for inspiring the writers "Twelve Monkeys." I've read about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized story that tells of this urgent need for people to find a solution for sustaining human existence and makes it so beautiful and realistic that it is a guaranteed exciting ride from start to finish. The music used in the movie is strange and somewhat fun and funny that it really does not fit until you really get it and when you realize that it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, who we remember from Monty Python, as the director of the film, was a real surprise for me, because I never really considered him to be the direction of one person. I know he had previously run movies, but I really could not believe he could do something so spectacular. It should not be a surprise because it does a great job. Still, you can feel the same peculiarity as Python, but for me the direction is almost flawless, even though its special way of describing things also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, weird, bizarre and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy, so the sight-seeing audiences will probably find it hard to watch the whole movie. It's not as hard as you could imagine, but they only have these certain things that are sometimes hard to follow for their own purposes. In spite of the fact that the film has this pure intelligence, and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, it mixes the whole story in a very clever way, making it conspicuous at any point, although it must be the focus of the viewer after all. <br /> <br /> What will happen to the acting, but the movie will not even work. The role of James Cole plays the mighty Bruce Willis, who is probably still performing his best performance. Now people can disagree with me because he did some great work, for example, in the "Sixth sense", but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis, and he's incredibly well performing. The character is very well written, but even better. Cole begins to question his own existence, and he is interested in himself, begins to question his real life, tries to survive and finds the key missing piece of the puzzle. Torture begins to lose faith and casts doubt on whether he can even believe or think. Other roles that are worth mentioning include Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, James Cole's psychiatrist, who sees Cole as something that is strangely known to Cole, and decides to help him deal with his madness. Somehow, he begins to believe Cole's story, but as a believing scientist, he tries to find solutions and tries to deal with reason when it comes to unbelievable things. Brad Pitt is so good at the role of Jeffrey Goinese and has also done one of his best gaming performances yet. The mad, but cheerful personality of the character brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination for it, so I think I'm not a praiseworthy fabulous performance for nothing. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Twelve Monkeys" are great sci-fi experience and will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially sci-fi fans. It contains brilliant characters and awesome role roles, especially from Willis and Pitt, and an original and fun story that makes a plot that is so smart and smart. Yet it is already mentioned strange and disturbing, it definitely captures the viewer's attention by being interesting and funny. It's also an explosive thriller and has romance in it too, so it's all in the same package and it makes it one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. Through the extraordinary and terrific imagination of Terry Gilliam, he is able to balance himself in spite of somewhat uneven and yet steady rides. It's hard to explain it really, but it is, it's the blowing mind.
