The story of this movie is truly remarkable. Only 1% of the human race has become vaccinated and survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals are over the earth and there are posters that say, "Twelve monkeys did it." True, the human race had to be hidden underground from a disease that killed more than 500 billion people. It appears that the animals did not close this disease. Day by day the present scientist seeks to find out what kind of illness he has caused; as it was created; if nature did it or a simple human being created it. All they know is that there are a lot of animals running around the city above them, deaths began in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys had something to do with it. (At least that's what the poster says.) So the current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After performing his "voluntary" work, he is asked to be sent back to 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole takes over and begins the story of twelve monkeys. Throughout the story, the time machine receives data relatively little, from 1990, until some time in the 1950s. (In the middle of the war.) Throughout the journey, here and there, James begins to throw his head and the story circles. The whole story is very well done and I would give it a higher level if it was not over. I personally did not like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I just expected to explain more than what happened, but it is not everyone who thinks. So I gave him 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I did, I would give him 6 or 7. I'm giving him the whole Actor performance A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great that he gets into the figure so well. I never really cared about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and the Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this movie, it's just a little ... crazy in this movie. So overall, I think this movie is extraordinary. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
