I can not decide if it's one of my favorite movies. It's a good thriller and has an emotional core, but I still can not decide. I certainly enjoyed it. This is Terry Gilliam's first movie I've seen. My first impression? I was betrothed to the end and it's not that complicated (be confusing). The movie is set in the future. James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent from the future to get some information from the past (1996 will be specific). Virus killed 5 billion people. He is sent from the future to get some information about it. Here is also a psychiatrist called Kathryn Railly. The love story is beautifully rendered and you can really feel the desire in this love and longing for a regular life. Free ends are very interesting at the end. <br /> <br /> One thing I did about this movie is that, unlike other post-apocalyptic films, the film loves to give boring social commentary and instead focuses on that one man and his desire for a regular life . "You want to see the ocean, be with her" is particularly nasty in this movie. Decide to concentrate on tension and confusion in the mind of man. That's why it's not exactly an apocalyptic film, but instead it could be described as a romantic sci fi film with themes ranging from time to blurred reality and so on. This is what makes this film a special 90s movie. The complex plot goes smoothly without adding too many characters. <br /> <br /> The performance is pretty good. Bruce Willis surprised me because there was not a regular hard man here, but he did a good performance of a confused man who is in love. His despair in certain sequences is beautifully rendered. I have to look at his other films. Beautiful Madeleine Stowe is quite attentive. Since I've seen this movie, I've been so obsessed with her. She did a great performance of a woman who sympathizes with her patient and eventually falls in love with him. Brad Pitt is a real surprise, even though his portrait of a crazy man named Jeffrey Goines. His Oscar nomination is quite surprising given the fact that he does not have many critics who have kind words for him. The end is quite cool and that's another reason why the film looks. The length or complexity is not such a big problem because this film is quite fast and there are enough incidents that make people interested. And every incident in this movie makes sense and there is nothing that is useless. Good thriller 10/10
