I usually try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as it's simply not the genre that really challenges me. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, traveling on time ... most of the time it's nothing for me. But there is one film in the genre that will always have a place in my list of the best films and it's "Twelve Monkeys" that I remember being blown away for the first time, but now that I've seen it several times, still one of the biggest fans. Every time I see it, it looks like this movie is improving and improving. Somewhere in the distant future all people live underground because the unknown virus and the deadly virus destroyed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe it spreads through a mysterious group called "Twelve Monkeys" and they need the virus before it moves for scientists to study. But their machine-time machine still does not work perfectly and is accidentally shipped to 1990, where she meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like about this movie is that it's never clear if everything, what you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion created in the mind of a mentally ill person, or is it real? Does he really come from the future and can travel in time? Was the population really destroyed by the virus that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys released? These are all questions that leave you interested from beginning to end. If the filmmakers decided that this would be all the more obvious, I'm sure I would never like him the same way I did. It's just the secret that interests me over time. But of course this is not the only good thing about this movie, of course. Also, acting is amazing. Normally, I'm not too much a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was simply stunning. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he would have won several awards, together with an amazing story, making this film incredibly well. Even after several views, I'm still a huge fan of this film. With the exception of this movie, I saw only one other movie by Terry Gilliam and that's "Fear and anger in Las Vegas," which was not bad, but it did not convince me either. However, it is the film that really enjoys the next job. I'm giving it 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
