Terry Gilliam and David Peoples joined together to create one of the most intelligent and creative sci-fi films of the 1990s. Did people turn out to be a scenario with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially love the idea that I can not change the past; is it a good counterpoint to so many movies that they say differently? The story is in itself an interest: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in heart-warming performance) has traveled for decades into the past to get a glimpse of his life. information about a virus that has destroyed mankind and left only a few survivors living underground: with the information they gather, scientists hope to find a cure for everyone to come back to the surface, but as their travel technology is not perfect in time, it will end with a mission to other past and complicated things, and from there a brilliant sci-fi thriller with movie noir shades consisting of several pieces of a huge puzzle that together make up a bizarre story involving animal activists, the end of millennia of paranoia, biological weapons, perceptions reality and definition of common sense a difficult film for Gilliam and Peoples was easy to create, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking story that will delight those who like the challenge and have the patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched the movie about 10 years ago. It was a lot to me: I remember thinking about many days later; for my young mind it looked pretty fine and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate the cinema as something serious and important. I've been watching this movie again a few days ago on DVD, and it's better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes in which Jeffrey Goines plays? almost a prelude to his Tyler Durden in the fighting club? a wealthy boy with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas, who is also crazy, and according to Cole may be responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the fool are the best in the movie, Pitt's eyes, voice and unpredictable manners convinces you that he is a really crazy guy locked in a deformed logic he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination deserved! Surprise was also Bruce Willis' performance: he did not remember much, but was beautiful and full of emotions; playing a man who spent almost all his life in the underground, and when he comes to the past, you share his child's fascination with something as simple as breathing fresh air blowing or watching the sun come out. Cole is a somewhat ambiguous figure, Peoples has tried to flood some darkness in himself and makes other disturbing things to other people and himself: the scene where he removes his own teeth, reveals how far his dementia is unmanageable. Paradoxically, Cole did not start like a mad character, but when he warns everyone about the end of the world, he thinks he's crazy and convinced that it's all in his mind until he arrives at a point where he can not distinguish the past from the future, the reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and uncertain, and it works perfectly. One of the flawless changes in the narrative is when Cole shrink, dr. Kathryn Railly finds indisputable proof that he is really from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange twists like this one and keeps the film at a fast pace. Their relationship is also well-handed, though perhaps a little compressed due to time. But I liked watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to have a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in the tragic / hot climax at the airport and pack all the pieces together, which could destroy many brains. <br /> <br /> There are two great endings in this movie, a twist in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club and the more intimate ending where Railly is next to Cole who was just shot and looking around James Joe Cole who witnesses his future dying; both share a brief look and smile at him. The reversal is brilliant, but I prefer this end to emotional shocks. Madeleine Stowe plays Doctor Railly very well, she has sensed many emotions since my performance. The film is full of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows it horrifyingly. It reminds me of Chinatown in this sense as Jake Gittes overcame everything the more he tries to help. Railly's character shares fatalism, the more he tries to help Cole. first deal with his "madness" then helped him in his mission? the more he gets into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The reversal ends with a promising note, though with the feeling that Cole's mission was not futile. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie that can be watched if we want to have fun; it is not a work of art, although it is more of an artist than many art films. It's a casual film in which all the elements, from music to editing to costume design, etc., have been beautifully combined to create a modern cinematographic work.
