No doubt, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best sci-fi genres, and director Terry Gilliam is not a stranger to pull that cinematic originality. An apocalyptic film that keeps you totally enchanted, 12 MONKEYS never leaves and lets go all the way. Excellent use of Philadelphia locations and netherworld sets up a Gothic sense of tragedy, and two people are getting ready at the wrong time. Bruce Willis escapes from the macho image and portrays the real crap that happens to be right all that happens. He is really healthy, but the people of the future (or present, if present) distort the man's head so badly in time, it's no wonder he is melting. It is sent to the First World War just after Beng sent the wrong year to find out how the army of the twelve monkeys pulls the destruction of civilization as we know it. In the end, they do it right, and in what is really a remarkable performance scenario, we see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and the ominous Brad Pitt, who has encountered a link during the six years. <br /> <br /> Stowe is sensuous and solid, as she risks being shrinking and slowly starting to realize that Willis does not have to be as broken as it seems. The exciting element of the relationship between her and Willis is their feeling that they "see" each other earlier, at another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is basically the time and madness that futuristic people dive into and the present times when killers and psychotic geniuses can change the world. The adorable city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic backdrop for Willis's situation to complete its mission, which is against all the usual Hollywood stereotypes NOT to save the world. Collecting information. The film also plays a trick to the viewer and puts Willise in a new setting for a drop of a pin. It must have been extremely difficult, but Gilliam seems to be a master of hard-boiled film. It even drops in some humor, reminiscent of other great works such as TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is the canvas of this man, and he knows how to paint a sometimes horrible image of the world and its possible future in the mainstream atmosphere of big budget films. If you want real madness and ironic tragedy, check out 12 MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> EVALUATION: 9 of 10
