Linear path in nonlinear structure. It is a fact that the time in the twelve monkeys flows in this coming and going between the present, the future and the past. However, the linearity of the film can not be avoided: it is the work of the projector, the unfolding of the narrative. <br /> <br /> What we see behind a dark background reflects the inevitability of our actions. The world of this film by Terry Gilliam is a world with little space for free will. From the very beginning, we have been informed of the schizophrenic prophecy that the plague in 1997 rules the Earth, which is the only place that does not affect the virus. <br /> <br /> Cole's (Willise) mission is clear: to return to mid-1990s to investigate who and who is linked to the release virus. There is no way to change the past: all that can be done is to gather information that can help scientists of today (that for us, the audience, the future) find a cure. Do not change what happened (past is inevitable), but make the present better. <br /> <br /> In his "returning" in time, Cole gradually approaches a striking dilemma: his life in the past is better than his present life. It is dark and dehumanizing, controlled by totalitarian scientists who choose "volunteers" (this word is ironically ironic) to go on the road to the past. <br /> <br /> Scientists have not achieved the highest level of success in time travel and Cole will end up in wrong dates - it will later in the conspiracy work as evidence of his psychological well-being for psychiatrist Kathryn (Stowe). Due to the evolution of the story, we see that linearity and non-linearity intersect in circular temporality. <br /> <br /> There is more than one moment when the scene that is the first and will end up almost the last - and certainly the top - will appear. It is modified according to the memories of Cole's memories that appear in his dreams. At the airport, a man is shot when he runs, armed, toward something else. The blonde runs after the murdered. This is the scene that connects the past (in which Cole is the child who visits the airport with his parents), the presence (time of narration) and the future (Adult Cole). During the narrative, Cole feels he has lived the reality he is experiencing. His prophetic dreams are proof that it is impossible to escape or to avoid what has happened. The agents who shoot him will prevent him from killing the mad scientist Dr. Peters (Morse), who is responsible for the spread of this disease. What could not be changed. And in the case of Cole's job, what it is will be. Eternal. A film that is not well understood by many. For me, it's nothing but a masterpiece. Other good movies with a similar theme: Returning to a future trilogy (which has a different angle about the character of a "crazy scientist"), and although it shares the atmosphere, especially in the second film, it is much more optimistic than Gilliam's work, a special Hollywood picture. In another register, "Wild Strawberries," one of Bergman's masterpieces, is a meaningful and instructive journey to the past through dreams and memories. I never looked at "La Jetée", but just because I can not find it.
