There is a story (perhaps apocryphal) about the exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the beginning of the Twelve Monkeys. Gilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (think about one of the 5th Element Aircrafts) and handed it to Butch Bruce. It was just called "The Things That Bruce Willis Do When He Works". It ended with a simple message that said, "Please do not do any of the above in my movie." <br /> <br /> There is a fact about this movie (certainly true). Gilliam did not have a hand in writing. I would like to say that these two factors have played a huge role in creating an extraordinary (if not commercial) success, which is Twelve Monkeys. <br /> <br /> Clearly, Twelve Monkeys are all that we really expected from the Gilliam movie. It is also full of Gillym surrealism and general (but spectacular) peculiarities. Gilliam looks forward to the poor position of his viewer. Although the end of the Twelve Monkeys will surprise no one who was sitting through the first real, Gilliam hardly borrows from Kafka in a clockwork, bureaucratic inexorable character movement towards their fate. It is this way and the nature of the development they are going through, which they do not like. I love Gilliam's films (especially Brazil). But they all tend to suffer from this weakness. He seems to have so many ideas and so much enthusiasm that his films will almost always end up like a tangled mess (especially Brazil). I still say that Brazil is Gilliam's tour de force, but we can not deny that Twelve Monkeys are in the fresh air in a tight conspiracy. Style, substance and form seem to merge in a way that is not usually seen from the former Python. Whatever the truth is, Gilliam will also get the first (and very atypical) bald performance. Bruce is excellent in this movie, like all the cast, especially good bonkers - and very scary - Brad Pitt. It is more than ten years since the release of this film. As I watched it again, I realized that he had not really taken it. Of course I've changed. And it made me look at the film with fresh eyes. It seems to me to be a sincere tribute to the film, which is at least a reflection in mirrors, altered views and an absurd one-way journey through the time we all do. The first movie. 8/10.
