Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future are throughout the ages, from the very creation of a science fiction genre itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what can happen in the near future and that our own abuse and refusal to see what's in front of us are at the very heart of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is of course natural for this kind of movie. He gives the film a decadent feeling all over, showing a social run bounded by its own excesses, and provoking a feeling of immediate tragedy despite comedy. His world, the world in which TWELVE MONKEYS appears, is the place where madness runs wildly, where cities converge in dirt and neglect where everything evokes premonitions, despite the clarity of the introductory sequence where madness spreads across every corner. It is a very dark film, but its best, most linear (despite plot conspiracies that are being researched) and one that improves with repeated views. The tragic event, in which the deadly virus was unleashed to humanity in 1996, led to the extermination of life on the planet, as we have learned. They lead the scientists of the future to try and change the fate of mankind on Earth by employing renegades - the Earth - like guinea pigs to come back in time, including James Cole (Bruce Willis cheated great effect). Cole could be any person. We do not know anything about him, but it's a little bit different because he's just a little more than one of the many exhaustible volunteers, and his character's hints come later when he gets close to fulfilling his mission. What we know is that he is the person who dreams, and his dreams may have been a reality: he may have been on the scene of the 1996 event. It is this constant feeling already in the movie that still appears throughout the movie. When he went to the psychiatric corps in 1990, he slept with Jeffrey Goines (spiritedly played by Oscar-nominated actor Brad Pitt), who frantically broke talk of destruction and destruction, and later, Cole believes he saw Goines in his repeated dream as a man pushing one boy away while escaping ... what? He does not know. Later she meets psychologist Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe) and one of her first reactions to it is that she is crazy and she has seen him before. It becomes a common concept in all his participation in this story from passive / resistant to active and even mildly crazy believer that Something terrible is coming this way, especially when she meets him six years later: She had seen Cole before. Cole at the same time talks about her dream, in which she also plays a blonde woman who runs down the alley, screaming for help, firing the shot, and a special red-brown man in a cop (Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaping, not before pushing a little boy , who is an innocent random man. Questions arise: Have these events happened? Will it happen? Who is really part of this or even better - is everyone, except the smallest player, part of a larger plot? Or is it all a trick in the fabric of time, in which time itself represents a huge conveyor belt that shows the repetition of fragments of events that are over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a master sequence that contains the key scenes of Alfred Hitchcock, the masterpiece of VERTIGO, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her own short existence ("You did not notice," Cole and Railly watching from their seats in the cinema where they are hiding). The excerpts from the VERTIGO dialogue form a foil for dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from apparently disappearing into the theater and looking for Railly, she faces her in disguise (she looks almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint in the northwest ), as shook Bernard Herrmann scores starring Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating succession, probably because of the most unlikely occurrence of the names of actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who carries a blonde wig and a gray skirt and is called "Judy Simmons," while assisting a "madman" man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who is trying to help Madeleine Elster's "crazy" who will not appear again, but twice, first as a brunette Judy Barton and later as Madeleine. Action and re-activation, play and play.
