Perhaps I'm kidding, I rented 12 monkeys that day because I'm a huge fan of Bruce Willis and I heard a few things about the movie. Something good and bad, but it was one of the movies you had to pay attention to every second so I was a bit afraid. Just because I felt like a minute if it was one of the films I had to watch several times to get. But last night I watched and I was really amazed, this film had everything in it: action, drama, science fiction, history, dark humor and even little romance. The actors all did a great job, I give Bruce a great credit, in his car scene with his psychiatrist, he really got me. But Brad Pitt, I am amazed at the great work he has done. He did not conquer his character, who was crazy and just did the job and was incredibly believable. The story was just scary but very good and awake. James Cole is a person who in the past killed a virus in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived, including him. Animals now rule over the ground while people are down, but scientists are sending James back to the 1990s (actually sent it back to 1996) to learn about the virus information. James gets into the psychiatric facility where he meets a new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raile and another psychiatrist Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course nobody believes him, he will return to the future. But the scientists sent him back to the right year where Dr. James was kidnapped, but he tells him more and believes him. Now they are trying to prevent the virus from happening. <br /> <br /> 12 monkeys is an incredible movie. Just like I said the story is so scary, because it's not hard to believe we're not far from what's going on. But the whole movie was great, cast, set, but the whole picture was great. She had Terminator on it, who felt where one day we could lose something rare, ourselves, unless we listened to the others. What is wrong and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 monkeys, it's a great movie, if you give him the right chance, you will certainly enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
