Terry Gilliam is a fantastic, twisted story about a virus that destroys everything but a handful of people across the Earth and forces them to move them into the underground, and the man sent back in time to get information about it is a fantastic, dizzying and highly stylized movie that can boast Bruce Willis' best performance anytime. What sets 12 monkeys apart from most science fiction movies in the age of traveling is that the character of Bruce Willis actually deals with the psychological effects of traveling in time, it is not to know what reality is the real fact: the place where the time traveler comes from or whichever comes first. The film also recognizes that the past things can not be changed and that the prevention of a catastrophic event, in this case the release of the virus, can not be stopped or changed. As Willis asserts that "it has already happened," while in a psychiatric hospital, the main dilemma in which the films are cast is not a justifiable and exaggerated conspiracy to save the world; Instead, Willis's internal struggle simply survives. It is a new, innovative concept and works beautifully thanks to the tight written script of Peoples and Gilliam's unique dementia brand. In addition, the story of Monkey is totally nonlinear, and instead decides to distort and bend the way the story is said to be skillful by incorporating the buoy of different time sequences: memories, dreams, memories, presence, past, future, and even the scene that is drawn from Hitchcock vertiga. Everyone serves to surround the viewer into his disturbing cacophony of madness and vanity. Visually, Gilliam is the grandmaster of the desolate shadow and shadow that coincides with Tim Burton in his remarkably despised scenery and imagination. With cold, wide and immersive cinematography, Gilliam plunges into the colorless environment and darkness of his characters. Scenes are often redeemed by strangely antiseptic, dead white and help to serve as a contrast to characters that often spread to madness. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt steals most of the scenes, filled with a patented thrilling performance that earned an Oscar nomination. As has been said, Bruce Willis gives the best performance of his career, not to return to his heroic cliché and cardboard hero, and instead to portray Cole as a simple, lustful, tragic man. Madeline Stowe as well as Willis's psychologist is just as well. She holds herself, absorbs her character with both wild energy and strength as she collapses under the weight of what she believes to be a fake "religion." Gilliam expert, the stunning and complicated handling of what could be a routine action / science fiction film, makes 12 monkeys fascinating nightmare vision, futuristic landscapes. His rich, well thought out, complicated story, along with bravado performances from his entire cast and his excitement, wild cinematography make him a masterpiece of madness. The ranking in my best ten years, 12 monkeys, is a richly rich spectacle on a film full of shine. <br /> <br /> 10 of 10
