Contrary to popular belief, this title, at least for me, is not that bad. Actually. I think it's a favorite movie of all time. Welding stories was not well structured when considering the differences between the series, but you can still watch it with great joy. Feature-length feature films are well thought out and characters are still credible. <br /> <br /> The sound / sound track is my personal favorite. Almost everything has the right sound effect, and many voices match the characters much better than their now-bad American oak, counterparts. Sync is perfect for every slide. I had some casting questions for "strange" voices (please forgive the gross name, it was a moment I saw it). Otherwise, it seemed that the cast was perfectly balanced. I feel and believe in the character of this film. Oak is often an object with which I rarely agree. I have loved the OSD since then, but castings often left the series down. At this point I would like to add that it was one of the first anime I've ever seen in my life. It has a historical meaning to me, but even after seeing the original Megazone 23, it has stayed in my collection stronger and more observable. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the title was just done in the USA in Texas. Personally, I think it's a great shame. If they were treated to the right audience, I think the Robotech movie would have been accepted over the years and not damaged. I'm engaging with anime every day in my life, and everyone I've shown this movie thought it was a nicely assembled title. <br /> <br /> Watching the film in its separate parts will allow the viewer to observe the apparent fence of the hole between the shows. However, without seeing the originals, the viewer would not really notice. Since the animation is in the same style, there was no reason to doubt it in its days. The United Kingdom had very limited access to the anime. Laser disks were the most productive media. I personally like the way Carl balls at least pushed the genre. I think Harmony will not spend the cash on the series to make it public. In spite of some fanciful mistakes that people had with this film, the 1980s feel like falling in love with me. If you're looking at Megazone 23 now, the original Japanese sound or the new dab, I believe you will be very disappointed with the OSD. Think about the original soundtrack of Bubblegum Crisis Dub and imagine the new sound of the eighties in E.V. <br /> <br /> Say it all. This popularity of this film is most likely related to its rareness in the open market. Personally, it meant a collection for me. Now I think of the world for the goods of the three ingredients that have mastered it, and if I ever met Carl Macek, he shook his hand hard for the effort and bought him a beer or a box to get me an anime.
