An interesting film leads to a seemingly seamless camera with some excellent cast and explosive soundtrack to portray the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Film debutant Daniella Rios is a seductive erotic dancer, Gracia, who works in a nightclub owned by New Wave in Chilean film production Alejandro Trejo. An older brother, mature by Nestor Cantillan, is easily convinced that he will become Trey's leading friend after a night in a stripclub to celebrate the eldest brother Juan's birthday (Juan Pablo Miranda). Since the introduction of this introductory scene, the film explodes into a neo-new exploration of everything the outside world does not usually expect to be so stereotypically conservative and Catholic in that country. Gracia has magic seduction to attract three men like bees to honey, although the circle of three-way fancy romance revolves around a linear portrait of major international drug treaties between Trejo's men and "Gringo" Eduard Barril. Relationships with power become a vital issue because outsiders of the company are joining a mini-family. The prostitute holds an exotic charm over all the Chilean men in the film that emerge from an ambiguous position on the edge of society and is considered to be the key to all three men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillana are becoming more important, as the boys' parents are prominent in their absence (assuming they still live in Temuco). That is why Trejo, el padrino, who "accepts" Cantillan and effectively "makes" him as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes a desperate outsider because his dependence on the "paternal person," Cantillana, is increasingly burdened with jealousy over the beautiful Grace. However, Miranda remains imprisoned by the limit that she is still at school - she is dependent on Cantillane, who is dependent on Trej, to survive the money. Trejo is in return under the thumb of "Gringo" and his wealth has been accumulated by drug treaties, and just like his strip clubs. The character of Gracie acts as a time bomb, considered to be a beautiful firework, wrapping a beauty web inside the patriarch, but the tension can only lead to one culmination. Because of the tension of these power relations to the head, Gracia remains ambiguously ambiguous. The viewer is never sure what male character he is. The film tragically and explosively closes in a shot that balances power relations and erases half of the main male protanganists. The last of Miranda's bewildered faces that accelerate the PanAmericano highway are desperately strong. The boy was sucked by the moat of the underworld, yet he lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. He has nothing. Superior metaphors are bold and brave. This is a gangster film in Chile. Family notions, no sex before the wedding, etc., They are canceled, and instead the harsh facts of the other side of the Santiago coin are displayed in their wild glory. Trejo brutally defeats Rios, Rios, and Miranda love in a cinema room - fucking sex with a little one he barely knows. It seems that "gringos" has this small Latin nation, but not through copper mines, through the illegal drug route. Waissbluth is a triumph in his presentation of this dark underworld, which raises so many social issues, perhaps more than the record-breaking Sexo Con Amor, inside a smooth and smooth film that holds the film tightly beside Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental. film evidence that Chile is truly artistically alive, and that in the aftermath of the struggle, it kicks off 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
