Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth has been working for seven years to complete this two-hour film about Chile's underground crime scene in Santiago, and maybe it's one of the reasons why the resulting film seems to be episodic and needs editing. OR, maybe it's the director's technique, which shows the fine sense of film noir storytelling. Two brothers - Silvio Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor Jr. (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from home in Temuco after the death of their parents, and Silvio is working to support Victor's education. On the 17th birthday, Victor Silvio takes a virgin to the clubs where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a brittle scene Victor has to face his emerging impotence while Silvio is out on the club floor which impels the owner with his rental potential. Silvio goes to work for a "gang" as a bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support Victor's education. But Victor has eyes for one of the dancers in a club named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts to have fun and looks out of school, which makes Silvio angry with disappointment. Gracia is just a push of the club's lead gang Don Pascual (Alejandra Trejo), who is the boss of Silvio! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together because it is a paramore of Victor, Silva and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre menage and trois have deadly results. Through the way of telling the story again through Victor, Silva and Gracie's eyes, we are growing to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in every character that let fall. Chilean pulp? Well, it is and is filmed brutally in a dark, dark way that involves plenty of frontal nudity (female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. Ultimately, however, the sensory aspect of the director's vision is what this movie drives when playing a debutant virgin psyche against a hardcore professional sex worker with success. Cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are plenty of twists and turns and repetitions of incidents that you think you understand the first impression, but it will dramatically change the impact when it comes across the eyes of another character. With a two-hour limit, some reasonable editing would help film influence. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who like the playful noir film style and art of South American cinematography. Grady Harp
