*** SPOILERS *** On the first World War II films that came out of Hollywood to show how the GI hit, or in this case the US Marines, who fought it. 21-year-old Al Schmid, John Garfield, has just begun to live a well-paid job - earned about $ 40.00 a week - at Ruth Hartley's local steel factory, Elenor Parker, with whom he is about to marry when the Japanese destroys everything for him and millions of equally young Americans when they attacked the American Pacific Fleet in Pearl Harbor. When he performed his duty as American citizen Al, he immediately stepped into the US Naval Corps and hoped to return to the Japanese scientists as properly as it turned out that the sailors would be the first US combat troops, and finally got a chance , when his unit, 1st Marine Division, landed on August 7, 1942 at Guadalcanal in the remote Solomon Islands to engage the Japanese who were under control. It was during the Battle of the Ilu, when Al almost halted the massive Japanese attack Banzai, who held with his gunshot, wave after a wave of suicide attacks by the Japanese, when they finally arrived with help or reinforcements. It was during the bloody struggle that Al was hit in the face of a Japanese grenade that eventually blinded him. <br /> <br /> Now in state rehabilitation at Al Maritime Hospital, he faces something much harder to overcome, then he faces a Japanese-German or German soldier-sized battalion attack. It is in the face of the future, where he will never see again and have to rely on others to take care of him or for him! <br /> <br /> Let's look at the movie "Battle of Marine Corps" Al much harder than when he did Japanese units on Guadalcanal with his disability. They do not want anyone, especially his girlfriend Ruth, to feel like he does. Al is in fact the one he likes more than anyone else in the movie. It is with the help of naval sister Virginie Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp and Ruth along with American naval friend Lee Diamond, Dane Clarke, that he finally gives Al the courage to face blindness with such power that he faced the wave after the Japanese unit on Gudalcanal. Courage Al thought she had lost back to this god the deserted hell of the island in the South Pacific. Based on the real story of American naval sergeant Alberto Schmid, "The Pride of Seafarers" has shown what we should expect from tens of thousands of wounded American soldiers returning from war. We see how, in many ways, it was much more difficult for those fighting the war to cope with peaceful America when they left something, as in the case of Al Schmid, behind him on the battlefield. Al's battle with his personal demons was much harder than the Japanese he fought by being part of him, and he had to fight to overcome them and eventually defeat them. Despite the help he received from Virginia and his girlfriend Ruth, as well as his naval doctor - who has a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck - he was still on Al to overcome the fears he faced. The fear that he and he had to fight and overcome, as everyone in the film all told him, all alone.
