I did not see this movie in about 35 years, so when I first noticed it would be the first time on TV (cable) for the very first time in a very long time (not available on the video), I assured I did not want it. And unlike many other films that have lost their shine when I finally saw each other, I discovered that the visual images of the "Pride of the Seamen" were as lively and effective as I first remembered. What makes this movie so special? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the real story of Al Schmid and his fellow Marine machine gun angel at the Tenar River Battle of Guadalcanal, in November 1942, the scenario remains 95% true for the book based on Roger Butterfield's "Al Schmid, Marine," which differs only so as to meet the time limit of the film. It's not a typical "war movie," where action is a central theme, and in fact the war scene is about 10 minutes short in the middle of the movie. But it's an unforgettable 10 minutes, shot in the lowest light that can be seen in the night battle, and gets rid of the false heroism or falsity that usually affects the genre. Probably a long time ago, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to send the spectator a sharp, ugly, brutal character of the battle, and probably shocked the audience when it was visible right after the war. This film is not about "glorifying" the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing this battle and WANTING getting involved in the service. It's not so. What really concerns this movie is the aftermath of the battle, and how the injured men can learn to redeem their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss it and I think that's another reason why the film was so well received - it was extremely well written. There is a "dream" sequence made in an inverse (negative film) that seems almost experimental and the acting is also strong led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid's were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn the most about the man and his role. Actors do not do much, but join the equation, it's just another reason why this movie succeeded in telling such a difficult, unattractive story.
