In the field of films based outside the screenplay of some other area (or any title for this Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's better to have an author create a script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script that would save their lives, then create an author and someone talented in the field of screenwriting. In addition, this review is about "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons begin here and the spoilers may be inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and shows he can write a screenplay. I watched the film and then read the book and they both were not afraid of inconsistency or stupidity. Some people have only a natural talent that can overcome the medium. (2) Shia LaBeouf will award the best prize for acting as the main character. "It was the man who made Harrison Ford hard work and ran fast." Steven Seagal also said, (in other words, he can make an "action movie" and do it well, although "action" is not the main genre is not "action." (4) My Jon Voight's second favorite performance is Mr. Mr. Voight as Mr. Mr. Sometimes the fucking role brings the best to the performer.When Voight expressed the line "Once ..." I had to laugh for about half a minute because it was so funny. he should explore several other roles that allow him to perform this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when he gets a solid screenplay, which is probably the second best role he is I saw him in his (second only "About the Brother, Where are You?"). (6) I love the selection of settings for the movie. I did not know that California was dry or barren. I think the data on the population and the land can be misleading. (7) The overall appearance of the film made me another bottle of water. One could only imagine to dig a hole in that barren area half a day. (8) The rest of the cast would also deserve a box of Kudos. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the law were exhausted due to their talents and gel very well. A great actress, though she was anywhere near the file. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything right now. When Stanley got into the head with those baseball grips, I wanted to see how weird the events could get, and that's a key ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY!) She needs to make some other mature young movies. It was delicious for me and I'm a college student. The latest ripe youthful Disney movie I've seen was "Something bad is coming this way" and "Holes" maybe overcomes it (just like the 2000 election, it's still close to calling). Disney can be spectacular if they decide to expand this genre and keep the art in mind over milk cash when they see it. Ten Reasons Score Ten! <br /> <br /> Overall, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of the best this year (this film may not be Oscar material, but who said Oscar material is the best material?). As for the movie from the book I read, I rank as "Fight Club" on my list (which is above). For the movie I saw in 2003, it's in the top five (somewhere under the "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats easily captures Harry's head with a blade, and the final fatal blow brings Potter's nose with stinking sneezes. Everyone should see this movie, because it informs and entertains. Here's my rant!
