And seriously! I'm really one of the most fantastic movies I've ever met. What is so amazing is that a very good book rarely turns into a film that is not only good, but possibly better than the novel on which it was founded. Maybe in the case of Lord of Rings and Trains, but it is a rare occurrence. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar has been involved since the beginning has helped the masses to bring the film closer to the story, but that's all the more. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. Unique, original story with a good combination of fun and humor but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actors. Adults and children, these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines with enthusiasm and style without crossing the deck, as is sometimes the case with children's films. 3. Breathtaking scenery. And it does not matter if it's real or CGI, setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the bird's eye view. 4. Talented director who breathes life into a book and transforms it into genius technicolor. Transitions in time work well and capture the ultimate culmination of the book, resulting in twists and turns throughout the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who has read the book from end to end without interruption, so that I can not postpone it. Ensures that the script keeps books, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And talk about scripts! Disposable ones in this case are smart, fun and tiny. But there are also parts that smile at you to cry and attract you to your heart to make this story even more loved. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There's no song in this movie for which I did not fall, and that's something that made me think I should be a punk rocker. The song refers to the story well and adds another jazz to the overall style of the film. If you are going to buy a movie, I also recommend you buy a soundtrack, especially for "If Only" that focuses on the story and contains the choir from the book. <br /> <br /> I'm not working for people who make holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, I join my favorite movie and give him an overview he deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. This moment. Go!
