Holes are a fable about the past and how it affects the current lives of at least three people. One of them I will name, the other two are the secret and they will stay. Holes are stories about Stanley Yelnats IV. He has a bad luck in his life. In fact, bad luck characterizes the fate of most Yelnats men, and since Stanley IV is dealing with "a bad dirty fucking grandfather." These particular abuses have cursed the man's family for many unfortunate turns. During such a turn we meet Stanley IV. He is falsely accused of stealing two baseball shoes that were freshly donated to a homeless homeowner auction, a famous baseball player. He gives him the possibility of jail, or he can go to the character building. "I was never in the camp before," Stanley says. With this enthusiastic judge, they will take him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. Camp Green Lake is a strange place with a strange philosophy: "When you take a bad boy, he lets him kick a hole every day, the hot sun turns him into a good boy." We teach this little pearl of wisdom to Sir John Voight, one of the " camp. We have an immediate impression that he is a dangerous person. At least he has been honest with his attitude; he does not think he's nice. The campsite leader Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is completely different. This is a part of a careful sensitive counselor, but faster, faster than anyone else who has the power to unleash the most brutal verbs on his allegations. The Ranger has a determined ability of stupidity, but it is also a secret. These three rules Camp Green Lake, a place that has no lake. It is just a dry dusty desert full of holes, five meters deep and five meters wide. Its local fauna appears to be a vulture and dangerous poisonous lizards of yellow-brown. Green Lake is in many ways a creepy place. <br /> <br /> Holes work despite a strange environment and a strange story because it understands people. Especially because she is sincere in the way Camp Green Lake is dealing with. The film captures the way the boy communicates with each other. It captures the way the boys can kick each other up, they can gain admiration, the way they fight, and the way the boys connect across the age limit. This well-differentiated kernel makes everything that's credible in the movie. What is also about this film refreshing the good character of his main character. He does not believe in a family curse; he is not hot about the unhealthy abuse of his "bad dirty, dirty pig-theft." In fact, he loves the story. Stanley IV does not suffer from the past and decides not to affect him as his grandfather and grandfather have influenced. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the movie, but not a lot of hesitant angstful stupidity. And that's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes are a smart, invisible and funny family movie. They enjoy themselves, not cheaply. It's not a comedy, though it laughs. Dare to be convincing where many movie families tend to play safe and conventional. As such, he or she crosses the parents of family film and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give it 10.
