Gruveyman2 (comment below) that you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the same city where you have loyalty. It's such an arrogance that you ironically claim that the movie radiates about SF, which makes you a typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt that the film is so congratulating you on SF is that you're jealous. Of course, you do not know because you're so exhausted. First of all, the film was really a real city; what was shot there and what was shot by some of its more famous locals. He does not say anything wrong about LA; and these perfect directors decide to live in a beautiful city over LA. They recognize that they went to LA Film School and are clearly proud of this fact. Recognize that SF is near LA, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that was said to be about LA was about study managers. The same studio directors who hated these guys movies when they first saw them, but then the same films became huge movie films. So why would not they have hostility to studio headquarters and the studio system? These are the only people who try to "separate" for good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is a "so-called" director in San Francisco? How does that mean? And who drove the Godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that got the best picture. So what did he do to him? He admits in the document that he did not even want to make a movie ... so what do you mean? So what if Sophie wants to live in LA? And does this prove your opinion how? And tell me how truly independent they are when they fund a lot of their own movies. Movies that are now considered classic. And when they made films from studio funding, one was LA who came over to them and said we wanted you to use these photos and two to use the money they made from these pictures to fund their own. They just told you that in the movie. "Your crazy and suicidal whimper would get into the air of greater self-confidence and confidence if you never stopped your foot on the floor, so you claim it's better than in this movie." How the hell can "bitchyness" and "self-congratulations" suddenly have "air" of self confidence and trust .... if they never go to LA again? What a stupid and pointless comment! You put some big words there ... and you just do not know how to use them! And by the way, they never claimed or thought they were better than LA! So what if they give the New York man a LA award ... again, what the hell does it mean? So if they go to Los Angeles or New York, are they hypocrites by simply living in SF? You do not make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its inheritance and the people who are doing what it is today. This film has focused only on one aspect of ... film making. Take time and write such ugly comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and its inhabitants) proves just what it is we Northern California who hate people from LA! THIS IS A LARGE DOCUMENTARY ... MORE INTERESTED, IN PARTICULAR IF YOU ARE IN BAY AREA ... BUT IT IS RECOMMENDING ANYTHING.
