The Zorro's Fighting Legion series is one of the best action series of the 1930s. Produced in a time when the studio could still hold a large cast, it has walls from the wall to twelve chapters. In 1824, the president of the newly formed Mexican Republic, Benito Juarez (Carleton Young), is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing. To this end, he secured a rich golden shipment to be transferred to the capital from the local San Mendolita mine. Members of the local council are about to steal a consignment called Don-del-Oro and a golden armored god who, with the help of the local Yaqui tribe, hopes to stand up as the ruler of Mexico. They oppose Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery), who forms the legion of local people to help Juarez. When Don Franciso is murdered by the men of Don-del-Ora, a foreigner, a fake Don Diego (Reed Hadley) arrives in town. Diego aka Zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friends Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster). The star of the heroine of the work is Ramon's sister Elector (Sheila D'Arcy). Both Diego and Ramon have seats at the local governing council. In the meantime, it is clear that some of the other members of the Council are in touch with Don Oro. First, the President of the Council (Leander de Cordova), Military Head Manuel (John Merton), Chief Justice Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro suspects that one of these men is Don-del-Oro, but which of them? What follows a few hair lifting from Zorro and his companions from the followers of Don-del-Oro. We sometimes have a collapse rope bridge, a deep gap between two cliffs over which Zorro can only jump to safety, and the usual range of blasts, fires and wagons and wagons that hit the cliff. The hats here at the Republican Fine Stunt Team lead the legendary Yakima Canutt and Yrigoyens, Bill and Joe. Canutt performs a signed stunt jump on a team of fledged horses and then falls under a coach who recurred in other films, including John Ford's "Stagecoach" that year. Zorro eventually reveals the false god Don-del-Oro and restores tranquility to the valley before heading out into the sunset in Chapter 12. Others in the cast include Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden and Charlie King as Don-del-Oro are men and if you look at the bits of future serial stars and Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and the Canutt stunt in bits. "Big" Jim Pierce by the way, he most remembered playing Tarzan in 1927 "Tarzan and the Golden Lace" (1927) and his marriage to Joan Burroughs, the daughter of the creator of Tarzan Edgar Rice Burroughs. <br /> <br /> Thoroughly enjoyable.
