The trick to creating a good, solid, mysterious story is just as important to timing as its affinity, colorful characters, or surprising twists. Anyone who has failed in frustration with the incomplete Sunday New York Times, knows that a puzzle that takes too long to resolve is no longer fun. The best killer secrets, whether on film or printed, are minor issues that get to a point, explain their tracks, prepare suspects and hope to pay us with some surprises; be complicated without being disproportionately confusing. And the righteous play; on the second, third and fourth view of the traces and the red herring, we should be equally pleased to wonder how good it all is, as if we were surprised first. Good thrillers should come to repeat views because we assume double and triple crosses. The comedy-thriller Sidney Lumet, which comes from Broadway's hit game, Ira Levin, is a great example. He moves on a calm clip, skillfully juggling his footprint, is (almost) totally honest with us (even if he lies to us) and never showed where he is going (though he tells us where he can go). It's a less murderous mysterious movie in a traditional shovel than a movie about the secrets of murder that derives from the play on the script. Rather than go back - murder and then an investigation that explains why everything has happened - DEATHTRAP takes us step by step through crimes and leaves ample room for unexpected; how ads say it's less "whodunit" than "who'lldoit". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often (inconveniently, strangely enough) compared to the game and movie versions of SLEUTH, although in fact it has much more to do with SCREAM, a self-fake essay about crazy horrors. Like the clever film, DEATHTRAP itself (thriller of thrillers) sets the parameters ("one-set, five character moneymaker") and then deconstructs its genre by revealing itself as "the most unusual and absurd set of circumstances, to persuade viewers to suspend their mistrust. "<br /> <br /> DEATHRA with hope gives us a secret with only five main characters, two of which are minimal. Henry Jones, as a kneeling attorney, is usually at hand (and adds to his passion for popular charm), and Irene Worth is all of a smirk and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth who acts as a nominal detective. This leaves three main characters as a murderer (s) and / or a victim (victim): It is a testimony to Michael Caine's capabilities that, like Sidney Bruhl, who is the creator of mysterious games based on his luck, the character we truly loved and trusted , even if we immediately realize that almost everything he says is a lie. As his adored, if somewhat ditzy wife, Myra, Dyan Canon flutes with being over the top by giving a run on a roller coaster showing a performance with a figure that in turn seems to be fragile or uplifting, abusive or hysterical, shy or courageous and uncompromisingly in love with less than alternate Sidney. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is the young playwright Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we can never handle just what is his character: an enthusiastic writer, an innocent conspirator, an innocent victim, or a charming sociopath. Because the different characters are dancing around, the intelligent script that Jay Presson adapted to the essay, Allen is always fun, even though he creates tension. And even after the last twist (improvement in the final of the game) it may not be quite clear who is manipulating who to do it. Lumet is by no means a Commander, so he allows his capable cast to have a free reign to tell the characters, and everyone gives a sharp, theatrical but fine work, and Reeve is particularly remarkable. But what Lumet does so well is the ability to work in close proximity. Just as he did great in 12 ANGRY men, he takes one set game, and with a minimum of opening, he can do what could be cramped, sharp and stagnant to seem infinitely photogenic and spacious. Settlement, a house converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but Tony Walton's proposal is to be cozy and charming as well as scary and treacherous. It's really hard to find out where the studio and real country house cross the border, so to a certain extent the ensemble becomes the sixth sign. And as a scene of crime, it's really the most enticing deathtrap.
