FULL SPOILERS. This is a very quick and pleasant crime thriller based on Ira Levin's play about two gay drama (Caine and Reeve) who plotted the murder of their wealthy wife (Cannon) to get property and insurance. The plot is successful, but Christopher Reeve, as a younger and less established of two writers, decides to break away from real murder - with only minor changes in details. Reeve lets Easthampton, Long Island, for example, become a script in Southampton, Long Island. The rest of the plot is dead, and he says the truth is that Reeve does not mind the blame or even the investigation of Cannon's apparently accidental death. It will increase sales and Warhol's own cash. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, a megabuckian playwright whose last four productions have been bombarded, and who would just like to return to work on a new game, perhaps with the arrival of Reeve to redeem his reputation. He can not allow Reeve's scandalous spanner to be made. So what else? - trying to kill him. Eventually they murder each other, the handwriting is appropriated by their neighbor, psychic Helga Tensdoorp, and makes a million dollars selling it on Broadway. <br /> <br /> It's a lot of fun for a whole number of reasons. One of them is production. The multi-storey, multi-storey house with a large windmill on the top, located on nine of the most valuable acres in the world (Easthampton!), Would be a wonderful set of excavations anywhere. You will not be able to afford a puppy tent in Easthamptom. The house is not too large or baroque in its decoration. It's just incredibly modest, though it's a bit tidy for my taste, a type of house that's so clean that you're afraid to stand on a thick carpet for fear of leaving a footprint. <br /> <br /> Another, it could be an improvement. Caine, Cannon and Fred Jones are excellent. Dyan Cannon gives a perfect idea like an anxious wife, whose trousers are so tight that they look as if they were sprayed, which is fine due to her property. Even Reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable place in his role as a convenient but psychopathic killer. Irene Worth, as a psychic neighbor to Helga, was definitely hard to define, a mistake. If it was her - or someone like her - needed to plot, but, my God, what offensive action her character is, go around and say, "I feel pain in curiosity!" I suppose it was a bit more interesting to get up in the sweat and a dirty cap with reflectors on the wheel appeared on my head. Yet it is from the beginning to the end of the harassment. <br /> <br /> You must love a terrible dialogue from Ira Levin. The disturbed Caine asks Reeve to tell him why he wrote a famous game. "Because it's there, Sidney!" Reeve says, and Caine says, "These are MOUNTAINS, not PLAYS! They're playing there until they've got a hole in them!" Caine's appeal to the police is also excellent after his wife is worried about the planned death. He works alone in the current to sob, barely able to talk as he reports the incident and submits that the ambulance is immediately sent. When he hangs up, his face has taken on his usual calm expression, he pushed his nose into his handkerchief and set off, the whole business again. The culmination, though appropriately ironic, is confusing and noisy and full of piety, lacking the bad spell that Levin and Lumet brought to the earlier scenes. The score mostly consists of lighter riffs on the harpsichord that fit perfectly into the movie. <br /> <br /> You will probably enjoy it.
