Before I saw the abridged press from David Shepard, I finally got a complete - or a finer version - that was about 56 minutes more widespread than the 30-minute version. Printing Shepard for Image Entertainment is certainly top quality and the best parts are there, but it is nevertheless good to see the rest of the film and fill some free stories ending. In Shepard Press, the film ends with Mary and says, "You see, I changed my mind - I will never go home." Yet, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll will end their relationship soon after the scene? Does Mary return home? and Driscoll will revive his relationship with Vivian. These other shots develop the character of Vivian, which was of little importance in Shepard's version. In addition, in the full version, the film begins in New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the fact that Johnny Applebloom, a farmer with a "piglet", was disappointed, but after her affair with Driscoll, she would probably return to the country and eventually become a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Regardless of the press, "Gentleman's Stupidity" is a good little film for 1917, made by one of the top directors Maurice Tourneur. Tourneur takes into account a lot of blows, including playing a cartoon - a movie director inside the movie. Both are leading quality performances in early screening standards: Robert Warwick, an actor playing a skirt-staring star, and Doris Kenyon, as an ingénue striving to play ingénue on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referencing films, which have made movies focused on movies, have not been anything new yet. Mack Sennett has already parodied this type of film three years ago with Mabel's Dramatic Career. Several aspects of this work out, however. Frances Marion's internal titles are humorous, including illustrations of the actors on the chessboard with their hands, which he controls - remarkable for 1917. I especially liked the final title cards of the film, where two observers said the film was a happy ending: "It's a romantic! "And the others answered," Romance, nuthin! " These are nasty pictures! "Collaborator Anita Loos made a similar conclusion to another Wild and Woolly film in 1917. Both writers helped change the role of their profession in the field of art and art, and some of the photos of Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially with the film industry. The use of mirrors in several scenes is a pleasant reinforcement of film self-reflexivity, and editing is exceptional, and rapid cuts are particularly striking during the study, which is to overcome the hectic pace of filmmakers, especially at that time.
