This film is available from David Shepard and Cinema at The Hollywood Before There was Fort Lee, NJ, although it is a short version with only "movie sections behind the scenes. I'm not sure if Blackhawk Films had only a movie to print these parts or edit other scenes The original Blackhawk version was again called A Movie Romance The overall feature survives, but the preprint for this version had some decomposition of nitrates and a few sections looked bad, so this may be the reason why the Blackhawk version was edited by Maurice Tourneur. (Doris Kenyon) is longing for a romantic man to sweep her from her legs, dreaming of a troubadour who calls her, but she is also a playwright, or perhaps a cartoon of herself. is still interrupted by the only local boy, Johnny Applebloom. <br /> <br /> Meanw hil, a film company from New York (actually New Jersey) is filming the western landscape, Mary sees Indian (in full bloom) and raises an alarm - it spoils the scene the film company is filming. She is immediately attracted to playful film star Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick). He encourages her to leave her and to become an actress in a big city. When he comes to the studio, he finds out everything about movies is fake. Doors and walls are simply flat, which are quickly assembled for the kit. Such a disturbing walk of a Western hero or a happy jump from a heroine is just so. The sets are on a large rotating stage so the angle of the sun can even be manipulated. The black nurse in the studio signs all the "autographed" photos of the movie stars. The inscription on the wall says "Negative Positively," but everyone smokes. Even film titles (which are well illustrated) highlight everything that is fake about the life of the film. <br /> <br /> Movie star Driscoll is equally disappointed with the horror of everyday film. He makes a temporary division from Vivian's girlfriend (July Elvidge) to watch this "exciting" rural girl. His plans are fragmented when the test is on the Mary screen. We do not see the real movie, but only the white reaction of the audience on it. Mary is ruined, but she does not want to let everyone home that it's a failure, so she's still looking at Driscoll and we'll have lunch with him in the dining room studio along with other accessories dressed as police, soldiers, cowboys, etc. Mary decides to stay with Driscoll. At the "friends" movie party, he agrees to take him, even though there is not much love between them. Surprisingly, her mother appears with a cake, especially for Mary's birthday. This will cause Mary to re-evaluate her future. This movie contains all the fascinating scenes from studios, movie sets, dressing rooms, editing places, etc. If you've always been thinking about what happened in the scenes where a silent movie was shot, this movie radiates behind the curtain.
