Riff Randell is a wild, obsessed rock fan; Ramones and so are most students at school. But the new tyrant of the director, Ms. Togar, thinks rock 'n' roll has a bad influence on students, especially on The Ramones. So when Riff finds out that they are out in town, she misses the class for a few days to get tickets for herself and her friends. But when Mrs. Togar finds out why she really took those days she will entertain her tickets. As it happened, Tom Roberts is absolutely love for Riff, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels like Tom. But Riff's eyes are set on mainstream singer Joe Ramone and hopefully we get to this concert to play his song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Entertainment! Entertainment! Yeah, that's true "Rock n Roll High School" does not deviate from the main focus? horrible, vicious story! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone involved in this project dandy seems to have a great time and the relaxing nature is shown on the energy screen that provides such a glowing ghost, making it a valuable experience. That does not mean I think his art and plot are just as insignificant. But I watched this passionate, foolish ride, which ran into good innocuous high jinks, I just could not escape from my face. It's tiny, very skinny, densely chaotic, but damn funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-budget feature b-grade comes from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who co-authored (and collaborated with some of the scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized at the last shoot). It is basically a glorious tribute to the swinging movements of the 1950s by holding productive clichés and throwing goulash marks of adolescent rebellion because of the generation gap between them and adults (who always know best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but with a dynamic and tasty treatment they bring some attractiveness. The film just means one thing to go to the bang! And they did it. With the courtesy of the "Ramones" who play alone. Could you really tell your one big trend video clip, because it's all about Ramone? Well, most of the same. Ple Image: lád welderLůuni code: Tmelekvodvodúra ◀ These musicians are not actors, which means they are not their acting, it is the music we have to assume. They are here to perform! Which, they bring in this front with some hooves of hooves that peppers the film to create a totally optimistic atmosphere. Especially, their spectacular concert performances. The buzzing soundtrack also had some killer melodies from some other artists like Devo, Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumps were well equipped with a carefree feeling and even the score was worked out well. Especially in the scenarios that included Mrs Togar and the score obtained the right mood that surrounds her mind. The playful mood of the film is quite similar to a rollercoaster ride at such a slow pace between electrifying melodies and comic segments, from scattered routines to sometimes clever dialogue with the tongue. A good variety of light and heavy gags are appropriate for me, which I found to be very agreeable and gave him a wider range to express. What else the film gave was another benefit, the divine PJ Soles (better known for her performance in Halloween), who had such a lead as Riff Randell. Another showcase was Dey Young, as extremely cute Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as a shabby Tom Roberts and going to the man Eaglebauer, who is great played by Clint Howard. Some top Corman drawers also meet Mary Woron's excellent performances, which are excellent as the demanding Ms. Togar who promotes unfair student rule, Paul Bartel as McGree and a small supporting role from Dick Millar at the end. The enthusiastic acting is quite hospitable, but it fades with the material and there is a certain sympathetic character from these characters but we completely despise Mrs Togar and her main monitors. <br /> <br /> Bush here, when I say "Rock 'n' Roll High School", is annoying shout, like!
