In 1959, a brain that was not weakened was considered so unpleasant that several segments and three years were required before launch in 1962. Today it's hard to imagine how someone could take the matter seriously even in 1959; the thing is both frantic and crazy, but it's also incredibly absurd in the deep rumbling of the way. The story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an eager experiment in limb transplantation - and when his friend is killed in a car crash, he throws his head into his secret lab. Using several phone lines, several clamps, and what looks like a shallow baking dish, brings his head back to life. But is she grateful? Barely. In fact, the whole thing seems to be getting, especially when he learns that the doctor is going to attract his head to another body. As it happens, the doctor is choosy about this new body: he wants to be built for speed and to move on urban sidewalks with disturbed women, spooky joints, visiting beautiful races and hunting cheesecake models in search of subsidies that raise his eyebrows. But back in the lab, the head developed a chemically-induced psychological connection with another medical attempt that is so unkind that it is kept locked out of sight in a practical laboratory wardrobe. Can they work together to get rid of bitter and dirty labs, help to avenge a doctor and save a woman whose body she is trying to do? Could be! The leading man, Jason Evers, plays a bloody physician as if he had a massive dose of Spanish flies; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, jerks and laughs, even though she has no lungs and maybe no vocal chords. Busty girls turn to unbelievably ugly music, actors make an irrational change of character from line to line, dialogue is even more pointless than plot, and you'll need a calculator to add continuity to goofs. Overall, BRAZIL WHO YOU WILL NOT DO, looks more uncomfortable than Ed Wood film. Director Joseph Green has really managed to keep the whole thing in a good clip and watching the film today is easy to pick scenes that influenced later directors who no doubt saw the thing when they were young and responsive and never got into it. Cuts made before releasing the movie are forever lost, but TV cuts have been restored in alpha editions, and while movie and sound quality are not particularly great, it's equally good to remember that they probably were not all good start it. <br /> <br /> Now it's one of those movies that you either look incredibly boring or wildly funny, depending on your view, so it's very hard to give a recommendation But let me say this: if your taste is running Ed Wood or Rus Meyers, you have to grab this moment and now! Four stars for their cheese bizarness themselves! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
