Every moment, the movie is advertised as scary or scary, although not usually. Most modern horror films fit into this category. <br /> <br /> Also, those movies that simply do not cause tension and adrenaline to pump veins harder than usual. In fact, it scares you to a level you have never experienced. <br /> <br /> "Halloween" is such a movie. It requires so many risks that most film producers will come across. But almost everyone is working. "Halloween" is incredibly inspiring in its simplicity and scary as a whole. The story is simple. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) watches several children at Halloween night, while the madman is released from the psychiatric institution after the brutal murder of her older sister 15 years ago. Of course, a madman, later known as Michael Myers, starts killing the local teenage population and eventually comes to Laurie. It sounds good, is not it? Another helpless slasher filled with stupid teenagers and goby gore. I have no chance. I think James Berardinelli reminds it perfectly in his review "Halloween:" "Thanks to its name, Halloween often grouped itself with all the other movies that included theaters around the world, the late seventies and early eighties, but while Halloween is rightly considered to be a father modern slasher genre, it's not a member ... "<br /> <br /> He's aware of and for a number of reasons. First of all, it is totally frightening, while most entries to the Tian Slasher genre are stupid gore-fests (many of them have recently been teeth, but most of them also fail). Secondly, there is almost no violence (very few of which are bloody). John Carpenter knows that violence is not scary and relies heavily on him (actually the number of bodies is rather low). In fact, it can be said that this is not actually a horror film, at least not according to today's standards of having the most deaths that can be flooded into one film, each gorier and more sadistic than the last. It relies on the thoughts of fear and skills. Third, while some of the characters can do stupid things (which sometimes bake fate), they do not do it because they are stupid. Characters are real people, so instead of thinking that the characters are dying because they are idiots, we are afraid because they are making a mistake. One of the main reasons why Halloween is so scary is because it's so easy to believe it's real. There is nothing heavy to swallow in this movie. There is no supernatural, there are no nonsensically creative elements of conspiracy or "inventive" murder, or what is not. Instead, all the settings and the camera (save the startup order) are simple. Carpenter just sets the camera in place and says the action. What we have is that we are actually meeting the murder right in front of us. <br /> <br /> Horror films are probably the most difficult films, because something is frightening, everything has to be perfect and ideas never work twice. It's a hit or a missing game, so when I tell you all the good ideas that Carpenter has (which I am not) seems to be primitive (especially because they have been repeatedly with minor effects repeated over and over again over the years). <br /> <br /> There is no plus here because it does not have to be. It's a movie about spooky ideas, not a movie about dramatic, conflicting characters. Actors behave like real people, not characters from the story. Nothing more. The exception is who plays The Shape, or later known as Michael Myers. It can be frightening if one does not say anything and just kills, but it is hard to pull (and even harder for people to leave, why). But the kid pulls it and the result is scary. This is Carpenter's movie. He directed it, wrote, co-produced it, and wrote his cool score. He is a man of brilliance, and his later film, "Thing", supports this statement, though the Thing is not as frightening as "Halloween." Unfortunately, its success dramatically diminished as it happens when the lure of big money for less freedom is used as soon as large producers "recognize your potential." Like this movie, it's not defective. The famous opening scene is disturbing, but not too scary. And a lot of fears work on the first part of the film. It's not that bad, it's just that there's no reason to worry about "Shape." Fortunately, Carpenter usually uses this time to create a relationship between characters and audience. While there is no intimacy in this relationship, it corresponds to that purpose. There are known figures, but not so much that it's daunting when they die. But once the movie gets to Halloween's night, that's when Carpenter kicks things up high gear and never stops until you get to the end. While "Halloween" may be wrong, it is only slightly. It's an extremely scary film and everyone who loves scary movies has to see. Be warned, this movie will scare you!
