There are two movie experiences that I will always love. The first to see "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my brother. On the other hand, he is approaching Halloween on Tripple Plex with his good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left my breath, speechless and terrified fear. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. 15 years later he escaped the mental hospital to return to Haddofield to destroy the disaster again. She watches Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy supervisor who enjoys babysitting, and starts watching her. Her friends across the street are killed one after another as Michael sets up their plot to get it. The irony is that a young boy who has a Halloween tendency is afraid of "Boogeman" and can see him outdoors. During the murder syndrome, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard to find Michael before revealing his fury. He has no evidence, no evidence, just the delay he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot is played, you have less excitement instead. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can have four men at the table who play cards and do not know that there is a bomb, and it looks like it's cheaper excitement to discuss what to do - then it does not work out, then you have the strain. "Director John Carpenter attached this advice to Halloween. Viewers see him outdoors, watch and haunt his victims. We breathe. Will he kill her? When will she kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses tension instead of special effects that usually highlight the gore. This film has little blood but still provides good horror. One of the best scenes is that Michael raises Bob out of the field. He picks up the knife back when it bounces off the moonlight and then drives it. Everything you hear is a loud bagpipe, then the audience sees Bob's legs look alive. Carpenter was the first to take advantage of the killer's point of view. This is also the culmination of our audience. What will he do? What is happening inside his mind? Eventually Carpenter's breathtaking master scores add up. In addition, the tandem song he wrote with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the characters we care about. Young people are not "crazy", but they are just going through the rebellious anxiety of teenage deserts. Finally, in this "B", low-budget thriller, there is some decent deal. Nick Castle, who plays "Shape" (Michael), adds something to the soulless killer. It is cold, ruthless and without pathology. In addition, the personality does everything the same. He will kill only if he is imprisoned or he is preparing a trap. He divides the victims. He also relies on brute strength. And this mask (bleached mask William Shatner) creates an impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is in a melodramatic monologue, someone comes to be afraid, desperate and determined. I wanted to wonder whether he represented a modernist pale-fledged attempt to explain evil. Crown jewel is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. He plays Laurie's character as someone afraid, but also determined and powerful who fights back. The end is the one who left me. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that you can enjoy them many times. Halloween and other scary movies do not have the advantage. So if we could erase our mind for the first time, if we saw a movie that would reappear as fresh and new, Halloween would be a movie I would choose.
