As I mentioned earlier, the 1978 classic of John Carpenter is one of the first two films I can remember to see and be heavily influenced (the second is a classic Conan barbarian). I'm really afraid that the only creature under the bed is Michael Meyers, with whom I finally became friends (an imaginary girlfriend) not to kill me in my sleep. Now it's terror for 10 years. <br /> <br /> It's a haunted classic and I'm sure my modest overview does not do the justice she deserves. The most striking thing is that the film still works, perhaps not in a guttural reaction, but rather in a cognitive or instantaneous subconscious. Everything could happen. This is not in the area of ​​impossibility or is located in a foreign country (like most modern horrors, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it's graphic while the rest is shifted to our imagination. I think it's this element that keeps people afraid or at least vigilant out there in the night with a signature soundtrack still alive in the head. It still works because we can replace the implicit or tertiary killing with something more terrifying that our mind can create. So we contribute ourselves to our own fear and anxiety. Carpenter is a simple story about the everyday, middle class, suburban and relatively affluent child who is going to Halloween and killing his sister. Then spend the next 15 years in an institution (fortunately we do not experience) just to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. He kills and kills on the way. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although he is not a human. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of suburban middle classes. In America's security and security bastion, chaos can still hit. Michael stopped being a human when he killed. He is not a serial killer, a human or a psychopath. It is equally unbreakable. Generic overalls, white Shatner's mask, and lack of any dialogue than breathing help dehumanize and complete Michael's birth. That is the source of all power. He is powerless, speechless and for no other reason than a source of inexorable chaos. This is due to cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and veteran experience with Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His top performance and agility sells "shape". This is also the first film performance of Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who removes chaos in the face of huge chances (at least a little). <br /> <br /> Though this is not the first film of this new place of horror films (Black Christmas was released 4 years ago), it is the most successful and does not worsen after the review. If you have long felt the fear of horror movies (like me), it probably will cause the hair on your back tendon on the first acres of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this film as a horror movie and as one of John Carpenter's career tips.
