John Carpenter's Halloween <br /> <br /> Is this the greatest horror movie of all time? no .. maybe not all, but it is and always will be for me. The film is a pure genius and will always have a special place in your heart. <br /> <br /> It's unfortunate that I did not see this movie until twenty years after it was released, but even twenty years later, when so many slasher films copied and left, the film still had the same impact as it had to do . My father suggested even before I visited Halloween H20 that I jumped and rented Halloween 1 and 2 to get the whole story and after watching Halloween it was clear that it was defined and set up by Slasher. Movie enthusiasm is simple. In 1963, Michael Audrey Myers killed his sister Judith in cold blood with a large cutting knife. At the age of fifteen, when Dr. Sam Loomis escaped and returned to his native town of Haddonfield, where he began to watch three young girls: Laurie Strode, innocent bookworm, Annie Brackett, heavy sarcastic speaking, and Lynda Van Der Klok a beautiful and sexually energetic young girl. Dr. Loomis follows Michael here to learn about Sheriff Leigh Brackett's help, who remains skeptical about his story of a psychotic killer. Michael watches the girls mercilessly and starts killing them one by one until there is only sweet innocent Laurie, the main target of Michael's list. Casting this film was brilliant and all actors and actresses gave top performances, Jamie Lee Curtis was stunning in her first film role while Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance released an exciting performance with his small role as Loomis. Nick Castle, showing Michael, did a great job as a soulless and evil killer, and his movements and body movements were perfect. One of the great highlights of this film is his cool score by John Carpenter himself, who created one of the most famous horror themes that is now known. Blue lighting was spooky and effective, and one of the best moments in this movie is when young Laurie circles the eyes of dead comrades and in the shadow behind her, Michael's face materializes before he strikes. Michael's mask was one of the things that sent me the most of my freezing stomach, the white, noisy face worked perfectly. What makes this movie so great is that it's not a horror film unlike cheese Friday. 13th films, in fact, there's little blood in this film, and it works instead on tension and tension. <br /> <br /> It has become so clear that Halloween has begun films like Friday 13th and characters like Jason Voorhees, who is just tearing apart Michael Myers. <br /> <br /> To summarize, I suggest that you see this movie at least once in your life, because it is a landmark in the film industry, and it is no doubt if it is the biggest of one of the greatest horror movies of all time.
