I have to admit it's one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way John Carpenter has directed this image opens the door to so many mock-genes, it will cool your bones, whether it's your first time watching yours or your fifties. The sound, dreadful horror of Michael Meyers, and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film an instant cult status and a great start to an independent era. I love music, I love the characters, the familiar but scary environment, the simplistic nature of the villain and the random chaos of all. In this first film there is no reason to kill without reason for killing, which gives us the taste of the true nature of Michael. Is he a crazy or somehow very brilliant animal? This question may never be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% and more devotion to this amazing work. John Carpenter is a master of horror. While his recent films have not been the caliber they once were (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began his career. That's his final film. While he released other great ones, I always remember this movie that caused me to turn on all the lights, watch out for babysitting and check behind the closed door because you never knew where the evil would appear. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world in which he clings. With the help of his camera, he places those pictures of Meyers in the places you least expected, and at the same time gives you the feeling of being a killer right at your side. I loved every scene in which we came back, and Michael was an observer from afar without being wiser. That was scary, but absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter drew your fear out of almost thin air. You would have been, thinking of your own business, when suddenly that terrible mask looked from nothing. Just like these characters you thought it was just a trick, but Carpenter's got you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human (or at least thinks) but has stronger mental abilities than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and an unexplored symbol, but without it it's a haunted movie. Then, if you just did not have enough Michael, just vaporize in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds this melodic melody. I still had piano keys in my head, thinking about Meyers looking at me through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual fears and cool sounds to predict what would happen to our unsuspecting victims. It's deadly, and it's done with refreshing originality and more excitement than anything that could get in today's Horror Hollywood. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a rough year of horror, with the real dreams being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know the quality is not exactly the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the initial murder in this movie is terrifying and cold. The use of the clown mask sent me a shiver. The way that the elongated shot with a child's mask was shot as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror holes ever! This completely sets the tone for the rest of the movie. You have the theme of babysitting, you have a childish behavior that he carries with Michael in the whole movie, and you have an artistic talent from Carpenter who packed himself into one. I would literally talk about this film hour after hour, but instead I'd like to look again. It is worth repeating your visit many times! Overall, I think this is one of the most prominent films in the history of the film. Skip all those foreign movies that they think will accidentally leave the film to the budget just for the Carpenter and Slasher film genre. This singular film predetermined the entire generation of horror films and continues to influence modern horror experiences. A lethal combination of a truly spooky killer, a strong cinematography of events (which is normally not a lot of horror movies), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween the film over others. Sure, Freddy is fine and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he is disturbed, and is in a loose robbery to the blood of guardians. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Stage: ***** *****
