My personal favorite horror movie. From a long, first-time shot to the last story, it's Carpenter's masterpiece. Halloween Night 1963, Little Michael Meyers murders his older sister. All-Hallows-Eve 1978, Michael escapes from Sanitarium Smith's Grove. Halloween night, Michael returned home to murder. <br /> <br /> The story is totally simple, Michael sneaks and kills babysitting. No bells or whistles, just the basics. It's Carpenter's almost total atmosphere of fear that creates tension. Just like any big horror movie, events are telegraphed long before, but they seem to happen at random, and it never lets viewers get into the fight about the movie. Dark light, (the most important thing) that damned scary music creates the most claustrophobic and uncomfortable scenes I've ever seen in the movie. There is body counting, but compared to what was right, it was quite small. This and most of the murders are almost bloodless. Fear is not in death, but in ignorance. Playing well. PJ Soles provides much of the film limited humor (and one of the best deaths), Nancy Loomis turns into decent performance and then is a young (at that time) Jamie Leigh-Curtis. Its performance first looks shy and uncertain, but you quickly realize it is perfect for a character who is self-shy and uncertain and not at all ready for what to face. And, of course, Donald Pleasence is perfectly occupied by Dr. Sam Loomis as decisive (maybe a little unstable). Stay calm Pan Pleasence. If the film has a detrimental effect, it will be time. Since the filming of this movie for so many years, almost countless clones, copies, rip-offs and imitators have come and alienated (usually badly) films the best pieces until almost everything has not happened. Combined with changes in the expectations and tastes of the audience, we find most of the films of broken raw materials. To really realize it today, it must be considered what it once was, as something unique. However, I have no reservations and I recommend this film to all who are looking for a good, frightening time. Supreme rules. <br /> <br />
