Halloween is not only the godfather of all the slasher films but the biggest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most thrilling, scary and scary film of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal creature in this film that he has inspired dozens of imitators such as Jason Vorhees (13th Friday), Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Well, so I'm a bit obscure, but it just will show the impact this movie had on the horror genre. He was no longer suffering from a disgrace from King Tut's tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could be created in the cozy little suburbs. And at night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience would never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it the crowning jewel of horror films. The first is setting ... this happens in what looks like a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who have grown up in such a field can easily identify with characters. This is a type of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if trouble starts to wake up, nobody wants to lift your finger to get involved (especially when a crazy fool tries to overcome our young heroine). the movie takes place on Halloween! The Worst Night of the Year! While most people carve jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers tries to carve some teenie-boppers. Apart from setting up, there is also great acting. Jamie Lee Curtis does a real job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a good twin high school girl who can never find a date. However, it's Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who actually steals the show. His portrayal of a good doctor who knows what kind of evil is hidden behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels forced to send him to hell forever is a horrible reputation. However, it is a score synthesizer that really drives this picture as it seems to almost put the viewer into the movie. As soon as you hear it, you will never forget it. I also like the grainy feel of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to improve the image of each film and give us all the possible details of the monsters that we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter will never leave a complete look at Michael Myers. It always seems to be a part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes it so scary. There are lots of scenes where Michael is partially visible when he spies on young teens (ignorant), which contributes to his craze. When you think about it, someone can watch you right now and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our teens (and fortunately for us horror fans), when they find Michaela, they do not search for candy in this Halloween night ... looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him look like a murderer who never stops. He is a bogeyman who will spend you all your life. So if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you who do not have, or even have), grab some popcorn, turn off every light, talk to the old DVD and watch in fear. Carol!
