I recently went through the scene where I wanted to see why it is that horror films from the nineties could not hold the candle until the 70's and 80's. In this forum, I was very publicly involved in the wrath of films such as The Haunting and Urban Legend, and so on. I feel that they (and others) do not know what a real horror. And that bothered me to the point of bringing me to a local video rental shop and renting some of the classic horror films. I own my whole Friday, so I leased the Texas Chain Saw, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, Exorcist, Angel Heart, Exorcist and Halloween. Now there are other classic movies on their own, but here's what I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is something that another film can not do in horror film history, and it's using fine techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and gore, and use them to scare the living daylight from you. I was alone in the room with the lights turned off, and just as stupid as I knew, I wanted to see me to see if there was Michael Myers. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done it to me. No movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter made a low-budget movie and frightened the generation of movie visitors. He showed that you do not need budgets in 8 or 9 characters to cause fears from the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what is happening, but what happens. What was that shadow? What was the noise upstairs? He knows these are ways to scare someone and use every element of the horror book I think you can use. I even think he has created some of his own ideas and these should be the ideas people are using today. But not. No one uses light and fear-making details, they use special effects and blood rivers. And it just is not the same. You can not be afraid of a giant special effect that produces loud sounds and jumps out of the wall. These are the moments when a killer lurks, somewhere, you just do not know where you are scared. And Halloween succeeds like no other movie in this effort. In 1963, young Micael Myers kills his sister with a large carving knife and then spent the next 15 years of his life, quietly closed at the institute. As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett: "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then seven more to make sure he never goes out because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e -wil, a manly and inexorable idea of ​​a murderer who stops in nothing to get what he wants, and all he wants is to kill Laurie, no one knows why he wants to kill her but he does it (Halloween II goes on in the story quite well) What Carpenter has done here is a breathtaking score, miserable lighting techniques and written and directed by a carefully measured piece of horror.There is one scene that needs to be described.That's the scene when Annie picks up Paul on the way. in the car and tries to open it, and then realizes that she has left her keys in the house, gets them, returns and unintentionally opens the door of the car without the key The audience looks at it but it is not too busy thinking When he sits down, he notices that the windows are foggy, she is confused and begins to wipe the fog, and then Myers strikes from the backseat. It's such a great scene because it's paying attention to detail. We know what's going on and Annie does not. But it's the perfect observation that Carpenter did that scared his buddies in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurred images of the killer standing in the background, shadows that are horribly sliding down the wall, dark rooms, spooky and creepy music, a sinister story that Donald Pleasance told a horrible and horribly inexorable killer. My advice to filmmakers today is the study of Halloween. It should be a blue color for what are scary movies. After all, Carpenter followed at Hitchcock's stairs, perhaps the director should follow his. Halloween embodies everything that frightens us. If you are tired of all the soulless horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and cuteness, then Halloween is a movie that should be seen. She will not leave you. I'm afraid, I do not know why, but I'm doing it. But in the 1990s, nothing happened to me except maybe one movie (Wes Craven's last nightmare). If you love a burned creature, Halloween is one you should see. And if you've seen it a hundred times, go and watch it again, back to the film, such as the Urban Legend. Urban Legend will appeal to you on all the nice faces in the movie. Halloween will freeze you with fear, you will get stuck in the seat and you will not move. Now tell me what horror movie would you like to watch? And just to watch the version of Zombie, it's worth the more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie has prevented its version, but it does not release the brilliance of this.
