Watching fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience when I saw 300 years last year. It was not a bad film, certainly not an average, but its rendering and dialogue emerged as best conventional and, in the worst form, vague and one-dimensional (which, perhaps based on Frank Miller's comics, was the right decision to go with). But his primary strength came out of intense action and bloody battles, and with this 14-year-olds' minds watching men fighting a sword-bloody struggle, with an occasional strange creature or a super hot woman to go with the painting environment. While I remembered Fire and Ice 300 years ago, both of them made a similar feeling - except for Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless books and comics who collaborated with director Ralph Bakshi, not typical Hollywood fare, but something for hard fans. What this means to an audience that is back for the first time today (now a nostalgia for those who were young and watched along with their VHS Masters of the Universe) can be mentioned earlier and maybe you will see something rather unique. Fire and Ice is not a single Bakshi rotoscopy, but it is perhaps the most liquid, if not my personal favorite - the couple he did, and he and his team created the whole amazing world that is part of a prehistoric, fantastic out of medieval and partial medieval and all touching the hands of the painters with respect to the background, the sky and the reasons. There is a small disadvantage for Bakshi fans in this area of ​​design character; Bakshi went as far as he said it was more Frazetta than he did. That may be true, but it does not allow us to absorb our eyes or curiosity at times when we do not see people killing or exhaling with a fast or slow motion (my favorite was an instant skeleton guide - as they rotoscoped that amazes me). I neglect to describe the plot because it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. If you are already so hard in this style and animation, it depends on the extent to which two factions are in danger or a "girl" or a princess, or the hero has to prove himself or yada yada, so just say it's fire against the ice, with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the most beautiful man in the park and the most comic book in appearance) and Teegra (a typical hottie that is almost too * perfect for a teenage fantasy man figure). What makes a plot to do as an asset is to allow a series of cliffs and thrilling bits around the action, the dangers of the upcoming big battle, as if the hunters hunt for Teegra and have to fight with sudden mad monsters and creatures that emerge from tree trunks and lakes. And at the usual time for Bakshi, he has to sort out some foolishness (if not his usual inspired beast) in the midst of all that simple fantastic material. If you've seen the Wizards, you'll understand what I mean less. <br /> <br /> So, if you are a fan of animation, immediately try to do some "old school" (ie the 1980s) action and incredible design. For all the others it is ... good, not great, as I would say without blame for my logical expansion of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
