I will not claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi because I'm not. So far, I have watched only 5 of his animated films: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice". What I can say is that I found that "fire and ice" are the most enjoyable of the lot. It's a straightforward fantastic story about swords and witchcraft along the line of Conan Barbarian, but beautiful artwork, realistic animation and the live scene of the film effectively add to this film a very classic charm. It deserves the first mention, the animation itself. I do not care what people say about the rotoscope, but in my opinion, Ralph Bakshi has very effectively used this technique here. I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were. The style of directing and photorealistic drawing of the character "Fire and Ice" feels more like a big fantastic market fantastic market than a cartoon. Unfortunately, the level of artistic detail tends to contradict a little, especially near the end of the film. Some scenes just look really flat with little or no details of body contours or folded cloths and character shadows. <br /> <br /> Realistic moving figures would naturally follow realistic action. The action was not only well choreographed, but it was really brutal. I'd be so brave to compare the brutality of action with live action movies like Zack Snyder's 300. I noticed, though, that even though there was blood, weapons were kept to a minimum. Again the great choice of a creative team that only aggravates the viewing experience by not taking things too "over the top". Although I do not recognize any "big names" in cast, actors can provide satisfactory performance; keeping the delivery of each line realistically muted and just hamming it in the case of bad guys. Did I say bad guys? Yes Yes. Because that's exactly what the story is, a standard example of good and evil. Nothing really original about the story, which seems to be just a mixture of already existing fanciful film clichés, which include rather dressed fighters and virgins. Anyone looking for "depth" would be very disappointed. Those characters are not very well developed, and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are at best unilateral (however, I have heard a reputation for some deleted scenes that explain Darkwolf's obsession with killing Nekron and his mother.) Such scenes deserve full restoration and should have been placed in the final cut and added the depth level to the show). In fact, I would not be surprised to find that the whole movie was just a "tech demo" that showed amazing animation and art, with a paved story, and it was an idea to pass it on to the correct classic of the past era, "Fire and Ice" truly captures the exciting spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful rendering of fantastic creatures and enchanting characters. This is the unique vision of the world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazett with a good level of action and tension. <br /> <br /> Would this be in line with today's animated film standards? Certainly not. I invite fans of animation in general to "get out of your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you. It's really the gem of the 80's that's worth it.
