Before my regular comments, my main curiosity about THIS IS NOT LOVE SONG is that while the run time is put on IMDb 94 minutes, a DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States is running 88 minutes. Every entry to this award! <br /> <br /> Two friends with very harsh lives are on their way to adventure. What ends is when one accidentally shot one girl and two escaped to nature. Rather than just a big chase, the film is complicated by the stupid and rather childish Spike, who behaves inappropriately and holds his boom box as a teddy bear. Some viewers may not like this story, based solely on the character Spike, but without too much frustration about this story, the movie would be too easy. You will notice how a more stable character of Heaton affects Spike as a "big man," as opposed to the attitude and behavior of Spikka "boy out of control." To be honest, I also got worse with Spike's ridiculous actions, especially when the spray can snoop, but in a desperate situation, it's obvious that some of his mentality chooses a temporary escape. But Heaton was there to check things until things got over his head as well. Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a miracle, and after a while I stop wondering why in heck they want to choose Spike from jail and continue friendship for the great performance of Glenaan. After all, there are many reasons that could lead Heaton to just pull out Spike and try to save himself. I suppose Heaton felt like Spike's protective older brother, and the loyalty between the two was hard to break - until things were too desperate. While some of the cinematography is genuinely artistic, it offers more of a taste of the story instead of just shooting men passing through the wild. Beautiful landscapes, rain and the giant gray sky offer a gloomy tone that increases the sense of tragic circumstances. The score is also unusual and uses the song Public Image Ltd. "It's not love," and the title of the film is pretty clever. Overall, it's understandable if it does not care that it's not love because it focuses on two contrasting personalities who escape from another man who has chosen to chase them (played cool, quiet David Bradley). It's not fun with a big budget. For all of us who like to look for something minimal and dramatic, it is time that's worth, and it offers some extremely tense moments that will keep you a little bit. movies that have recently appeared from Scotland, with such similar, Dog Soldiers and Devil's Tattoos. I'm also a bit grateful for the titles offered on this DVD, because the accents are sometimes quick and difficult for some viewers like me to understand. <br /> <br /> Frustrating, dark and often strained, it's not love is a very tragic, yet engaging, story. <br /> <br />
