This joyous audience at many film festivals and it's not hard to understand why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of some very nice works by three major actors, Xu Zhu as Father, Master Lia; Quanxin Pu as Da Ming's older son; and mainly Wu Jiang as the immortal and beloved younger son, Er Ming, revolves around the story that heats the coldest heart. The film begins with a man showering in an automated cabin in the middle of Beijing. He puts the money in the slot, opens the door, removes his garment, and some of them on the conveyor belt to be cleaned, goes into the shower and cleanses with brushes and water pipes as if he was a car washing machine. This is the symbolically speaking future, and the old spa that we will see in the next scene is a past. Agrarian China is giving up industrial China. Pollution? Is the Cultural Revolution Hanging? Industrialization blues? In any case. We have a celebration of people and their kindness and love for each other, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of people. I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it clearly represents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly non-political without criticism of the current regime expressed or implicit. Yet the smallest sense is that old good ways will be replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to leave it alone. Tell a story about old men in the spa where rubies and massages return, telling great stories and recalling old good times where they can relax and play Chinese chess and cricket matches where Spry is a wise old guy and his assistant is his son , which may be slow or autistic, but who does its job with the joy and infectious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Go back to the scene of an older son, Da Ming, who is polished, well-groomed and quiet. He is uncomfortable with what he sees as his father and brother's immediate behavior. Featuring modern China its tie and briefcase, mobile phone and education. He came back just because he thought his father was dying. Seeing it is not true, she packs her bags and returns to her wife and career. But then there will be a crisis, and during this crisis Da Ming sees the value of the natural, human-oriented life his father and his brother are living with. And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and new, and does so in such a charming way that they will not object, especially because his style is so elegant and so carefully expressed. One of the nice things to do to me in most movies is the way she puts the subplots into a bigger story so they can be resolved before the end of the picture. A regular bath that sings "O sole mio" in the bath when it's on the water showers, and to the delight of Er Ming, finds out that she can not sing publicly due to the phase of fear. Close to the end of the film loses the stage of fear and sings thanks to inspired Er Ming help. And a regular spa that loses his wife because ... well, he tells the story of Master Liu before he realizes the real reason. But Liu understands and again, before the film ends, husband and wife are reconciled. Such a kind of "happy ending" of the film is unusual in today's art and international films, or almost any adult film. Some happy endings are so contrasting that they can only worry about their counterparts, but their audience. And some are so godly condescending that the audience is offended. Here, the audience is pleased. Take a look at this especially for the comedy performance of Wu Jiang, whose warm upsurge overcomes any handicap that his character may have.
