"Foxes" is a serious look at the effects of growth too quickly in the eighties. And unlike the teenage sexual comedies that cover her (Porky, Fast Times on Ridgement High), the film keeps well against time. His teen angst theme is as important today as 25 years ago and Jodie Foster and Scarborough Scott Baio (remember him?) Lead a young cast that is worth watching. The film follows four Southern California girls as they move through the clueless existence of sex and drugs and without parents. Young children spend their days and outdoors and their nights at parties, concerts or on the street. Seldom they are at home because immediate satisfaction is a pill, party or boy gone. But rather than condemn them, the film is compassionate, accused of being absent and not interested in adults, forcing adolescents to grow up. And charismatic cast is impossible not to have. <br /> <br /> Opening a movie? long and dear lady - sets the tone for what follows. We see the girls sleep on the dawn between the objects that define the teenage girls, from Twinkies to the picture of young John Travol, while Donna Summer is "On Radio" scored below. increases speed when girls go to school and live. Annie (Runeway rocker Cherie Currie) is a wild kid who lives for another party or pill. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is a boy crazy dramatic queen. Madge (Marlilyn Stroh) is a shy girl over her head. And Foster is the one with the plan. Her job is to keep this crew together long enough to finish high school and at the same time keep her divorced and desperate male hunting mother in line (Sally Kellerman). It's almost impossible to work and the fact that Foster eventually fails on. <br /> <br /> Despite his age, Foxes is a pleasure to watch. Hair, clothes and links to Olympic skater Dorothy Hamill did not hurt the movie. Cinematography is just amazing, with breathtaking filtered shots in LA on dawn, evening and evening. Giorgio Moroder adds a 1980s soundtrack that resembles Donny Summer and Janis Ian. Perhaps the biggest disappointment of the film is that the young stars around Foster never blew like "St. Elmo's Fire" 1985 or "Empire Records" (1995). "Foxes" shows why they should. But maybe as a Bowling for Soup "1985" song, they just hit the wall.
