I saw the movie in the theater when he came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to the Arizona state and really enjoyed exploring the places where I spent so much time. I remember that at that time I thought Barbara was successful in rock sound (actually R and B in my ears) was successful. I have never been a fan of Kris's singing until his last effort on New West. As a composer and actor, however, he has serious chops, IMHO. I think it's a great romance. I like it better than the version of Judy Garland and I never saw Selznickin Janet Gaynor the original. <br /> <br /> I believe they made some changes in this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I recall a helicopter shot that reveals that it is full of Sun Devil Stadium longer and more dramatic. I wish they could work better on writing music for Kris or leaving God, put some of your original songs there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines I have some information from the primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. During the conversations about his new musical documentary, Rocking the Boat, I talked to Stephen Bruton, a fine singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. Stephen was in "Speedway", John Norman's band. Kris really had a hard time turning back what was essentially a pop, something that could go rock. Stephen was and is Kris's friend and longtime member of the band. There was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at Kris's presence, Barbara. She remarked that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris came back, they were his friends and they were rock and roll! Eventually, Barbara appeared and decided to use the live performance of the Kris band in the film and specifically set up Stephen's role to make it work. Because I heard this story, I got even more respect for her as an artist. It forms a lot like a diva. What it is is for. And I'm not gay. Not that there is nothing wrong with that.
