At the time of its original release (it was the second highest grossing film of 1976), the third screen A STAR IS BORN has always been shared by critics and fans. The film was opened negatively by negative reviews, however, the $ 5.6 million-budget picture continued roughly over $ 150 million at the box office and was awarded the Academy Award and five Golden Globes. It is not ironic that Streisand's most commercially successful film would remain the most controversial. For every ten fans who say STAR is Streisand's best film, there are still ten who claim to be the weakest film in their filmography. Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should still be noted that the 1970s will accept STAR IS BORN remains one of Hollywood's most spectacular and very entertaining showbiz dramas. For my money, this is the best version of the often narrated story. The film is very nice and almost absorbed. Changing the settings from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was a really great idea and the script creates a realistic contrast between the character of romance and their careers. This is the main area that the A STAR IS BORN version of 1976 really overcomes with classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful in displaying confrontational personal and professional issues during recording and endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's attempts to write songs. This version of the story is also more credible in that it is a portrait of the main characters. For example, the female lead in two previous versions was so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they came as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the woman who leads in this version, is not only portrayed as strong and passionate, but also defective and conflicting. It makes her feel "more realistic" than Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland in previous films and makes the story much more effective. The performances are all on the target, even if some of the support characters are not sufficiently exhausted. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can walk through a fine line between the hard and the vulnerable without looking like a scenario convention, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. It's one of the few movie stars that can make even the craziest dialogue, as it seems, fresh and natural, and as usual will make a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson does not need much respect for his late characterization, but he is always a watch and shows magnetic charisma, which is rarely shown elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson actually won at the time of Newsweek, TIME, and even the usually ominous Pauline Kael NEW YORKER. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give incredible performances, but both have a fairly limited amount of time on the screen. The film soundtrack recording was also a huge success, hit # 1 on the Billboard's Hot 200 and sold over four million units in the US. Streisand's song "Evergreen" (with Paul Williams lyrics) is undoubtedly one of the most amazing songs in contemporary pop, bringing even more life to an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand. The rest of the original pieces of the film (mostly composed of Williams and Rupert Holmes) is also good and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in memory long after the rest of the film has disappeared. Streisand's live performances bring a "woman on the moon" and "one more to you" for a thrilling life, and even stronger numbers like "Queen Bee" work far better than they have the right. Kristofferson's solo number sounds a little helpless, however, it could be deliberate because he plays the singer in bankruptcy. Though naturally dated in some respects (it definitely reflects the decade in which it was done), the 1970s to accept STAR IS BORN still hold remarkably well. The film is well mounted and seamlessly made, the chemistry between drivers is incredibly strong and always feels real, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finals, both of which are feverishly effective. At the end, STAR IS BORN is not only fun and moving, but it also exceeds all criticism.
