Thirty years after the first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally got on DVD in a package to please the most devoted Barbra Streisand fans. That would include me since I just saw her in a concert singing among other figures, the feminist anthem "Woman on the Moon" from this 1976 film. Easy to reject, the film's career-polarizing story is such a robust cluster of cliché in the Hollywood style that its variations exist in other films, including Streisand's own "Funny Girl". This time-consuming conspiracy, following the once-destructive rock star, John Norman Howard, in his deep career career, he meets club vocalist Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for her a long break. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> </ p> <p> </ p> <p> </ p> <p> </ p> <p style = "text-align: left; For Jean Norman, Esther presents her final shot of luck, and eventually attracts them to an inherently decent, creative musician under the facade. In the film is the most crucial scene, he gives Esther her big break at a bargaining concert, and her career takes off. Inevitably, he can not cope with the failure of his career in light of his meteoric success, and if you are familiar with some version of this story, you know the rest. Director Frank Pierson (although Streisand's thrilling directories are obviously at the show), the film is still able to bring me, even though I know it is inexpensively invented and manipulative. He still has some emotional resonance despite many shortcomings. Although Streisand in her chances seems to be the ideal choice for playing a growing singing star, her personality on the screen is just too strong and predefined to play Esther credibly. The same can be said for her acting style, because the script seems to admit that her finer Adult Contemporary-oriented material will be accepted within the otherwise arguable world of the arena. From the moment she picks her head up in the middle of Oreos, she can not help but hit the star. I can forgive it simply because it has an incomparable vocal talent, but what is becoming less repulsive is that it makes Esther more sober than painful when John Norman's fears become overwhelming. This creates a strangely unsatisfactory dynamics in the last part of the movie when it becomes less of what caused a peak event than Esther's reaction to it. It ends with an uninterrupted eight-minute view of her memory performance - great, besides unfortunately imitating John Norman's style towards the end. Kristofferson, on the other hand, gives excellent performance in the full range, controlling the level of honesty that is the basis of the film and makes his tangible feelings of love, pride and resistance to Esther. In this context, he makes his vodka wet on the scene. Otherwise, what always seems to me strange in this version is how all supporting characters are moved in the background as if they did not exist until they understood the two principles. The only ones to register are Paul Mazursky as manager of Brian and Gary Busey, who is headed by Jan Norman as his cynical band manager Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees gives a nice touch to cinematography, although a certain degree of granularity persists in the press. The very seller in his time is the soundtrack of a variety of styles from the 1970s - some songs are still quite good ("All", "Woman on the Moon", "Watch it Right Now"), some who moved to kitsch ("Queen Bee ", Kenny Loggins" Believe in Love ") and of course the inevitable" Evergreen ". Print on DVD in 2006 is pure and sound grateful grateful thanks to digital remastering. Streisand's participation is the main attraction of bonuses starting with his feature-length commentary. It gives credible information about the genesis of film, casting, and production that is reportedly facing problems. She is also a refreshing doubt about the megalomania of Jon Peters, her hairy friend, who became a film producer and her frustration with Pierson as a director. I just wish she could provide more scene-specific comments that relate directly to what's on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes her, for example It is tedious to hear for the third time as the person playing the chauffeur was a friend of Peters. I think having a second commentator could take other nuggets out of her. There is a dressing gown that shows some fun clothes dating back to the 1970s, especially Kristofferson's mixed poncho and orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes, including the optional Streisand commentary. One of them is a comic baking scene that reminded me how much I like Streisand in fake comedies. Another is the extended scene where "Evergreen" plays on the guitar before the horror of Kristofferson, which then fell asleep. The most interesting is the alternative takeover of the musical finale involving quick cuts that could be used. In addition, theatrical trailers are included for all three versions of "A Star Is Born".
