I'm a huge fan of Saything Any, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not that big on Singles), so it's safe to say I'm looking forward to something Cameron Crowe puts on his name. I went to see Vanilla Sky when I was told that it was a very strange movie and I would not like it if I expected something similar to other Crow movies. Well, when I just saw it, let me say it was right, and the other could not be wrong. It's a very strange movie and nothing really goes on until the end. Anyone who tells you that they have seen halfway into the movie is either lying to you or unable to separate their recall from memory. In any case, the movie was stellar and I'm looking forward to owning it once the DVD is released. I was motionless and felt emotionally. This is an experience that draws the spectator from the full spectrum of human emotions if the viewer permits the plot. The theater in which I saw the movie was more than a few people who apparently lost track of the movie and were bored when they found out they could not go back to the plot. I'm sure others simply do not have the ability to properly watch every such film. I do not think it might sound pompous, but some people are more forgotten for Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, and these are probably the ones that should not. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're ready for a two-hour mental bender as well as a lot of thoughts then. When it comes to comparing this movie to other Crow movies, it's very similar in at least one view, in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a figure in itself. This is almost certainly due to the long ties to Crow's music, like everyone who saw the almost infamous knows, and to his marriage to heart-star Nancy Wilson. It was also worth mentioning that there was a certain chemistry between what Tom Cruise played and Crowe's director, making the film seem familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing. Anyway, if I had to compare this film to some other film, I'd say: If you like David Fincher's The Game, you'll almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
