How special is the human mind; this center of action in which the perception of reality is created and preserved, and in which the view of man in the world depends on the finely tuned brain function, this most powerful and most complex processor of all senses. And how much do we actually know about inner functioning, its depth, or the ability? What is it in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing but an impression of what we actually see, like looking at the image of Monet, in which his vision becomes our reality. It's a concept that filmmaker Cameron Crowe has visited in his highly imaginative and altering film, Vanilla Sky, starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) will inherit the publishing empire that his father left him. His fifty-percent control interest, however, made him a remarkable man, with seven members of his board of directors, and each one is considered to be a worthy man than the young Mr. Aames on the left side of the company. And encouraging the fires of dissatisfaction is their perception that David lacks the focus that the work demands. <br /> <br /> David, of course, likes to play; he still has control over the business and does what he sees fit, whether he likes it (or referred to as the "seven dwarves"), and nobody has the courage to challenge it. But during a rich birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that seven people have something behind their backs. At that time David's thought was last; he had a casual affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but he also moves to the rear burner when he meets a woman at his party so he can not get rid of his mind. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after she met her only one night, she became the core part of her life - who is about to turn upside down, because in the morning after his party she decides to change her life forever. And he is about to learn that sometimes he will not just come back. Director Cameron Crowe has created and delivered much more than just another movie with this; far more than the movie, `Vanilla Sky 'is a vision realized. Beginning with the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a visually stunning experience that is viscerally and brain-affected. It is a mystery that turns you into a mind that will devour you and take you away; emotionally, it's a rush - and it can leave you exhausted because it requires some effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a musical rock nylon soundtrack and a vibrant stroke of colors that offer him the stroke of an impresionist brush. There is darkness and light, and it sounds like it sinks and drives until you feel the blood flowing through the veins and pulsating in the brain. And it all happened on the scene of virtual reality that was spinning under the ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, this is the real way; it's exciting ... and it's a bending machine. As for the performances here, those who can not overcome Tom Cruise's mind-set as Maverick in "Top Gun," or Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible," or those who see him as a "movie star" rather than an actor , they will have to think again in the light of their work here. Because as David Aames, Cruise gives the best performance of his career, one should check out any doubts as to his ability as a door actor. In recent years he has made some interesting career choices, films such as `Magnolia 'and' Eyes Wide Shut ', which are just warming up for the very real and complex character he creates here. And also give him the credit that you have assumed a role that distracts a sense of vanity; this is Cruise, as you have never seen before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this should be, as well as the admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not just good in this movie, it's remarkable. Penelope Cruz, in exceptional, if not exceptional, performs as Sophia, the wife of David's dreams. There is a breathtaking innocence that brings this role that works well for her character and brings her advent and accessibility, yet she lacks a hint of mystery that could add this special part "something extra". But Crowe knows how to break out of the actors and definitely did with Cruz. He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely alive in the role of Julie. She never looked better and she was quite fun on the screen. But do not make any mistake, that's not a part of "window dressing" and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can actually be measured in the impact it makes with a somewhat limited time on the screen. And she's a person who fully integrates with her inherent beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. Overall, it does a great job from Diaz. Supporting cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). In about half way, you can question your own sense of reality; but make sure that at the end of the "Vanilla Sky" everything is revealed. It is a reality - a bender, sure and wild; but it's exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience you have to believe. It is the basic and absolute magic of movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
