I really like this movie for some reason I will be late, but I want to touch on why I think people do not like it. First, there are people who like to hate Tom Cruise. I do not really understand. Secondly, Cameron Crowe, I think that with this film successfully launched two groups of film visitors. The informal, relaxed, group of "films that are not looking too hard" remains confused when the plot captures at the end of the film altogether 180. And deep, philosophical, mysterious fans are destroyed when Crowe has one of his characters, explaining the mystery. <br /> <br /> This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job of doing so. I think it's probably his best performance of what I've seen, even though I have not seen all of his movies or even most of them probably. Supporting casting is also good. Penelope Cruz gives full performance, and Jason Lee was nice. I like this story and I think that's what Vanilla Sky is more than anything else. It's mystery, adventure and romantic comedy, but it's usually just a good story. And it has a lot of philosophical undertones and many similar ideas and stories are emerging in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is a man who has all he has wanted, lost more or less, got a second chance with a catch to retrieve him back and eventually face his demons and to the full extent of what is going on chooses reality, simplicity and normality, to find out if he can finally find one thing he can never control: happiness. Many people were disappointed that Crowe had told a complete secret at the end. I think it is necessary. The audience then knows beyond the shadow of doubts that David is aware of his circumstances and that he is decisively stronger in the end. And the music in the movie is great. It's probably what makes the movie as fun as it is. Especially "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, which is a wonderful song. <br /> <br /> Overall I would have given him 3 out of 4 stars. It's a film with a certain essence for those who like to think things, and a great story for those who want to relax. This "steady" approach is probably the reason why people do not like it because it's not a completely blown mystery or a full blown love story. Mixes and coincides with different elements and genres.
