In an effort to spend money on the success of Universal Horror, Majestic Pictures has hired several popular actors from the current genre and puts them into this effort that is (not realistically) quite good. Still, it's worth it, it's all time, and it's a lot of fun, and in my opinion it's better than most of what's going to go horror today! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies accumulate completely exhausted with blood and suspicious punks. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's a vampire," but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he's a madman who is responsible and promises to catch him. SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the city's residents think that local horse Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves bats and often talks to them, is the one they are looking for and they chase him until his death in Cave. The person responsible for the killing is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who created a new form of tissue that feeds on blood by having some control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who walks at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has pretty assistants named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he has, but Karl finally suspects when one of the murders after Herman's death appears. <br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never bewildered by being James Whale, but he was quite a competent director who eventually directed most of the Blondie films in this series and thanks to this film he used the same sets from the "Old Dark House "which was also filmed in Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is sometimes clumsy but it's virtually impossible to resist a movie that has cast like this one, including Frye, who is quite doing his role as Renfield only this time he flies the bats and strokes them and keeps them in pocket for safe holding! One thing that just does not make sense is controlling the mind that Dr. Otto's over Emil because the movie never tells this, and I had a strong feeling that it was kind of a nod to "Cabinet Dr. Caligari," but on the other hand it's probably just the weakest part of the script. There are a few other tidbits I have noticed, including the pursuit of Frye in big caves, which is probably the first date of the infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other films were made, and also Wray's brown hair, which is its true color. Fans of true horror movies will appreciate this more than others, but I think it's a fun movie that's as attractive to everyone as seeing and shooting for everyone to see and shoot.
