It is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time, in my opinion, its provocative, sad and sad thinking with amazing performances all around! All the characters are beautiful and the story is just great!, Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing in this! The end is very strong, but I'm not in danger for you and I thought the character's evolution was top! And you can really connect with all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie as you join them, plus I loved moving slowly and gave you the chance to get to know all the characters and what. I can not believe it has only 5.9 ratings because it should be much higher in my opinion and it was funny to see Randy Quaid in this type of role and it is extremely well written and made too! One scene I really did was Madge (Marilyn Kagan), her mother is totally disappointed to have a party, and the movie also has many surprising moments! And the dialogue is especially excellent. This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), his thought provoking, funny and sad with amazing performances all around, and I say that you immediately go into the attention !, your duty to love it! Direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne is doing fantastic work here with an amazing camera and keeps the movie incredibly fascinating! Acting is awesome! Jodie Foster is really cute and amazing as always! She was immensely sympathetic, caring, she had a nice figure, she was intense, focused in some scenarios and she and Cherie Currie was the heart of a movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is so hot and it's amazing that I really felt sorry for her characters because she was very sympathetic in nature, she only needed help, she gave a powerful performance and made a very unforgettable figure, it was amazing! Scott Baio is great as Brad, he was really sympathetic and did his job well as I liked. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, surprisingly, I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great as a mother who liked her a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good like Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they should do well like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role because it was great to see her and not much. The rest of the cast is fine. All in all, make sure that it's an underestimated masterpiece! ***** of 5
