Basically, the exact same movie as the "House of Wax" - the first real horror hit by Vincent Price, launched in the previous year - but who cares for it, because "The Mad Magician" offers so much exciting excitement, wonderful times, D effects, scary tricks like his predecessor! "Never change the winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur had to think about when he wrote the Charles Don Gallic Prize, another frightened soul besieged by fate, and out for revenge against those who had hurt him. Don Gallico is about to make his first illustrious show like Gallico the Great and plans to deliver the greatest magic trick in history; called "Girl and Buzz Saw." Gallic's promising solo career has been brutally destroyed before his former employer, Ross Ormond, appeared on stage and signed a contract under his nose, saying that all Gallic inventions are the lawful property of the company. Sad and inexorable Ormond, who by the way drove Gallic's once-beloved wife, flew with a buzzing pirated trick and programmed him in the show of Gallic's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably, Gallico captures and sadistic butchers Ormond, but? also be the master of creating disguise? restores the image of his victim and even begins a double life. "Mad Magician" is a fun and inexpensive 50th Grand Guignol-style horror film with lots of unexpectedly conspiratorial plot (the house turns out to be a brilliant crime writer?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque gross moments seem largely vague. The three days that are close to the beginning of the movie, like yo-yo player and fucking trick with water fountains, serve just as time stamper and current 50th hype, but it's still fun to watch today and without the means to see them right. "Mad Magician" is also interesting from a periodical point of view because the events take place at the time fingerprints begin to use as evidence, and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to the well-known criminals of the time. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the absolute most important element of the triumph in this film, as well as almost all of the other horror movies this legendary person ever played. As no other actor ever did, the Prize depicts an agonizing protagonist who gradually descends further and further into mental insanity in such an inexpressibly fascinating way. Damn, Don Gallico, but at the same time, you are extremely afraid of him. You support his revengeful acts of retribution, and at the same time realize that his murderous storms must end up with death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor, and in my humble opinion, the idea of ​​the horror genre.
