I will not lie. Despite being interesting, I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I heard (and it was quite clear when I looked at the synopsis or something about the movie) that Gretchen Mol was naked in it. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman who took her clothes. Yes, it can be perverse, but its theme and ideal central to the very core of the film, and it helps make the movie much stronger than it should be. Chronicle film Bettie Page is (Mol) life from physical and sexually abused days as a kid in high school in the south and about her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress but also has to pay bills. After a few seemingly innocent shots on the local beach, the page slowly becomes a model feeling and quickly moves from suggestive photographs to sexually provocative photos. <br /> <br /> I feel the shortness of the film (just over ninety minutes) is a curse and a blessing for them. On the one hand, the film never stops being welcomed. Within a few minutes, you get to know the page, and then you get into a modeling career and will not go back. But it also distorts the film because we never have a chance to grasp everything that's going on. She simply jumps around modeling the shoots and disputes they create before jumping directly into the big Senate that deals with much of the final act of the film. You just sit and try to swallow it all up, and it just comes straight to you. They feel the filmmakers wanted to put too much material into too short a movie. It asks for longer sequences and begs for more even explanation. He does not feel hurry; it just does not feel everywhere. <br /> <br /> Another piece, though a little more curiosity, is the use of color throughout the movie. Most are black and white, but splashes and colors often appear. But even though it might have been a symbolic gesture, it becomes a bit of a distraction, as it later appears later to convert to black and white. It becomes confusing and becomes more than boring interference than anything else while the movie continues. Though it can a little fumble with the action, the film stays dead-with its theme. A page I do not know at all is innocent and her world is exactly the same. If you save a couple of adolescents during adolescence, everyone they meet is innocent and everything he does is innocent. I never thought I would look at the utter nudity as anything but vulgar and humiliated, but here is really something we would wonder about. Suddenly she is beautiful and innocent. Even those sexually perverse moments in the film (even if they are twisted compared to today's standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling for them. There is only something that is shown on Mol's naked body that he just encounters another chord than naked bodies in other films. It feels like it's so natural and so amazing that if there was any reason to watch the movie, it would be a spectacular representation of Mol's body when Bettie Page plays. The second reason is Mol. As a page, she shows that the 1950's are South Belle everyone knows (or at least imagine). In spite of his vocation, he is still a normal person and still looks at himself as a religion. Mol plays it exactly for the right amount of squeak-purity needed to make this character feel authentic since the 1950s. She plays it with such a thing that you would not be tough if you did not think Mol was actually Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the support cast only has very few moments to shine, and they are completely overshadowed by Molly's amazing performance. None of them will do anything particularly nice and none of them have a role like Mol. This is not really the error of the actors, but rather the fact that they do not have much to do with them. Many of them are quite recognizable, such as David Strathairn (a bit close to one of his better performances), Sarah Paulson (the latest Golden Globe candidate for Studio 60 on Sunset Strip) and personality actor Lili Taylor, but you will be hard to set up performance in the fact that there is something other than good. None of these characters are really developed, and in fact they are just the sharp characters Mol runs around when he gets a pair in his brilliant vision. <br /> <br /> This movie is really worth the nudity, and for the excellent performance of Gretchen Mol Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit too confused and awkward than it should be. More work has been done to develop supportive characters, and not just a story, this film would be a much better biographical film. At the stage it's just a vehicle for Mol, which really rises to the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
