NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Director Mary Harron How do you define a person who was always between two worlds, one of the supposed sin and one of the supposed redemption? Especially when that person eventually suffered a personality disorder in her recent years, as if she had proven her own point. If you are director Mary Harron, you do not want to show the pressure / pull nature of NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. It allows a person to move here and there between healing forgiveness of the power of God and the Church and the seductive illusion of control and domination that the Party has left behind as a Pinup model during its years. In this way, the spectators are offered a complex character driven by the desire to leave their difficult past with naive pleasure in the love of others and the struggle to reconcile her image in the eyes of God. Come right, it does not really matter how many eyes it is on her, because there is only one pair that counts. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Crowded mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary color bursts), NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy that makes the film a pleasant experience and also who is trying to talk about how seriously people believe in defeat of pornography. However, the director's fine hand is more clearly felt during a period of despair. Harron is a sensitive, considerate director who does not endanger the numerous and devastating stumbling blocks of the face in front of the viewer. Instead, she allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the lead role, to be able to strike the pain of her character on the audience with fear in her eyes, exhaustion being her shouts and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, will find it necessary to show the heroine in painful positions to make a connection between the kinds of atrocities she has been exposed to and where her life has taken her, Harron has her actress and her audience too compassionate for her. From fragility, the site learns that it once again believes in people, and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more they fall in love with their admiration and control over the look. At a time when her position has become a transition to the soft-core S & M, she has found a way to combine her need to respect the objectification she has been accustomed to throughout her life. Mary Harron Bettie Page is a woman who wants to control her life and fate, but she always learns where she stands, how she smiles and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her decisions is her own, she decides to accept God and preach her word to those who will obey. The real sadness for this most important decision is that it still leaves someone else to blindly lead her; she has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.
