Jody Foster, Cherie Currie, Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh, formerly the lead singer of Runaways' rock band, Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh, are unmistakably gorgeous and touching the title quartet, a cripple of worried, highly faithful teenage girls with careless, uninterested parents , who are self-absorbing, trying to grow up and strive for themselves in the famous suburb of San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, determination and thus at a young age when they are not fully prepared to cope fully with the potentially damaging consequences of these decisions. Foster, who gives one of her most perceptive, influential and underrated performances, is essentially a Danish mother of a group who presides over the welfare of herself and others; is particularly concerned about the good-natured, but ruthless and self-defeating Curri, whose careless hedonistic lifestyle makes him likely to meet the premature end. This film offers a dizzying, invisible, often devastating credibility, deeply absorbing examinations of broken, broken families that exist directly under the clean suburban surface, and the tragic net result of such families: strong, resilient but unhappy and vulnerable children facing testing and harassment grow up on their own, because parents are either too ruthless or even do not exist. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction," Jacob's Ladder) Greek Lyne is both robust and attentive, while Gerald Ayres's screenplay is somewhat messy and unsettled, but overall is still accurate in his honest, fragile, unconscious picture of your average child, frenetic and unpredictable everyday life. Leon Bijou's soft, rough, almost pastoral cinematography correctly suggests a subtle and easily broken sense of peace and innocence. Giorgio Moroder has made an excellent score that makes the most of Donna Summer's "On the Radio" elegance. Top performer includes Sally Kellerman as Foster's nervous, insecure, stupid mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboarder, Randy Quaid as Kagan's wealthy older friend, British singer Adam Faith as Foster's ruthless, absent rock promoter and Lois Smith as Kagan's sad, exaggerated mother . On short bits, Robert Romanus (Mike Damon "Fast Times at Richmontu High") appears as one of Foster's grumpy former lovers and a shabby Laura Dern bearer as an unpleasant party madman. A truly authentic, breathtaking and deeply moving (Currie's dizzy ultimate fate is very heart-breaking), "Foxes" is just one of the most insane and underrated adolescent films he made about the early 1980s adolescence.
