... but the overall kilometer of viewers may differ in a stylized view of Mary American Psycho Harron's American sexual psyche, as seen through the lens of the immortal queen of curves, Betty Page. no one told her she would mention the iconic position of Mrs. Page, the primary and right valedictorian of Nashville, Tennessee, who had moved to New York in the hope of becoming an actress and eventually becoming Bondage of the Queen of the Universe. They will not even go through the sketch of the "Notorious Bettie Page" biopic, although I offer the high technical knowledge of the film (we'll take a look at a number of animated magazines immediately), the use of the time camera irrespective of that. And finally, I do not deal with the timely applicability of the themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, sacred and secular; are there to absorb the viewer if they so wish. The more things change, the more they remain the same as they say. <br /> <br /> What's going to change for a moment is Gretchena Mol's great performance as Betty Page. The truth is that Mol's face does not look almost like Bettie, nor is she especially built as Bettie (though only a fool would deny her beautiful breasts and no crazy, me!). He does not even report the thick, dark bush that concealed Mrs. Page's most intimate charm, but it is true that Mol truly embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every aspect, shape and shape. It's a bravado "return" from an undesigned semi. I never met Mrs. Page (and sadly, never will, probably) but I swallowed photos and videos and read all the bios and interviews available, bought business cards and other chances and ends, and be honest, still Mrs. Page longed for me since I first discovered her in adolescence between the envelopes of dusty magazines about plums in barbershop and five and a dozen. Mol perfectly captures the essence of a woman as I came to imagine it without thinking about how I think it is an Oscar-like performance. For a million years, Liv Tyler would never have been able to meet Mol's luminous intensity of characterization, and I am grateful for leaving the project. Not that I did not mind if I saw her naked, but now I can not imagine her sensuality turned into the innocent exhubance of Betty Page. The Notorious Bettie Page is not for everyone, more than slavery and discipline. I suspect that the disc will be much better than in theaters; Legions of devoted fans of the site and curious to see it. I can only hope that the DVD will be full of Bettie's bonuses so I do not know how Mol's good work has done. In addition, the tip of the hat for a subtle cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity photographic work was Bettie's entrance to immortality. The last note for a young writer who thought Mrs Page had no effect on her generation: look good at Madonna's bra and come back to us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the real priestess fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and her relatives could never exist.
