The film can be a mirror that sees the world in a new light. Good night and Good luck, for example, offer parallels with a modern court - without evidence and interference with freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not too close to home: by putting it into a fictitious or historical context that is removed from our immediate situation. We consider pornography "enlightened" and our ancestors are to be hidden quirky thoughts - usually including fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is obscene can easily fall into ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a iconic icon of the era that included not only McCarthyism, but the prohibition of comic books (for example, Tales from the Crypt) on the basis that they would make youths of juvenile juvenile delinquents. This film, evolving from key questions raised in her life, presents dilemmas that are as important today as in 1950. Our film opens with two key scenes. In the first we saw a well-dressed, decent-looking man at a bookstore. One of them will ask for photographs of women in crotch shoes and is limited - then he will appear as a secret policeman who leads stabbing. The second scene shows Bettie Page waiting for her to witness she looks quite horrified as if she had just left the church. The first 50 minutes are black and white. Old fashioned movie effects such as dishcloths and scrubs add to the feeling of looking at the film from previous years, as well as ways of casting, skilfully crafted scenes from the 1950s, contemporary slang phrases, and the rough dialogue associated with filming time. The shots from the archive are often intercuts - which many enjoy and irritate others. In line with his theme, the film is almost a collection of various types of photography in motion, and older clips of wonderful beaches and landmarks are well supported by the classic characters of Bettie who return to the age of "health and nature" magazines. . . although I admit that if you are not enchanted by the story, the effect may be a bit torn. <br /> <br /> Very soon we will get into the memories. Bettie escapes from depression in a busy life in Nashville, revives only church singing and soul rescue, and walks alone to make her own way. After her initial success, her modeling work is divided into two parts: the main stripe, focusing on her rainbow smile and photographs of "special interest", including high heeled shoes and light aids. In an earlier bankruptcy (reminiscent of Naomi Watts' scene in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), a performance that is full of emotions contrasts with her normal animated, cheerful (but ultimately insignificant) daily expression. Is its part still incomplete? Bettie is often denied bankruptcy when she realizes she is a well-known pin-up girl. But we have never been asked to kiss Bethie Page. Her dirty childhood is quickly referenced and skipped; when she is raped by four native lovers, we only see a threat, and then Bettie recovers and survives, chooses himself in a deserted forest and dresses the brave face of someone who refuses to lie and die. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity, Betty's photographs are of special interest that eventually cause trouble. When we go back to court, the priest's views on the corrupting influence of these photographs are considered as evidence. The psychologist says authoritatively that photographs lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" among young people exposed to them (presumably not in that order). Finally, the star witness explains how his son's life ended as a result of such photographs - "be" so perched. "It is unclear how the" pretense "becomes death The text that accompanies Betty's series of photographs in the magazine says she was forced to endure" terrible agony "with fetish limitations (the audience knows they are really funny and that the wording as well as the pictures themselves are purely dramatizing.) After a 12-hour wait, Bettie is told her evidence - she is the only person who definitively declared she was not (2003), in which the Ann Summers ad was forbidden, saying it was "for fashion and passion," and " whip to a local shop ", with a photo of a woman's back, she wears a bra and a thong and her hands are tied behind her back. (and also supports charities fighting domestic violence), said that her advertisements aim to "give women sexual confidence and always show women control of their sexuality." It could be inferred that the prejudice and ignorance of the Betty Page investigation still holds the currency. Bettie's religious views are an integral part of the story, as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of sexual enjoyment, which is often found in the United Kingdom and the US - unlike the factual approach found in continental Europe. We could defend the formulas of sin and redemption and "be saved," even reflected in mating forms that maintain traditional male dominance. A policeman who made friendly (but sexually motivated) access to Bettie outside the courtroom helps her "save" her from loneliness. The knight knight may be knightly, but he also assumes that a woman needs rescue. Love or Hatred, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film and a moral awakening for those who know it. There is an excellent set of acting, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable as the whole movie succeeds or falls into its executive performance.
