"The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) <br /> <br /> Directed by: Mary Harron Cast: Gretchen Mol, Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson and David Strathairn <br /> MPAA rating: "(for nudity, sexual content and some language) It seems that every celebrity is currently getting biopic about her life. From Raya Charles to Johnny Cash, the biopic is now very nice. "The Notorious Bettie Page" is the latest one on DVD. This represents Gretchen Mol as the world's most famous pin-up model, Betty Page and was mostly shot in black and white with some extracts in color. Unlike "Ray", "Walk the Line" and "Finding Neverland", however, this film will not be the Oscars this year. This film lacks the emotional resonance shown in other biopsies, and most of the more dramatic moments in Bettie Page's life are completely ignored or only suggested. But that does not mean it's a bad movie. "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a truly entertaining and full-featured movie - a solid cinema work. This film focuses more on the exciting career of the site and the thin line between sexuality and pornography. She is filmed with enthusiasm and care and Mary Harron's direction captures the look and feel of the time most filmmakers just dream of. Anyone who knows Bettie Page (Mol played). Whether you know her as an icon or as a simple porn star, you know her. She is a woman who had a very significant impact on American culture only by revealing more skin than she thought fit at the time. Now most people know it as one of America's first sexual symbols - a legend of many models, especially Playboy and other adult-oriented magazines. She lived at a time when it turned out that only a centimeter of meat under the garbage can have someone arrested, and photographs in the form of page-style slavery are just things that can bring the American public upset. In fact, photos have begun a full-fledged Senate investigation into common decency and the difference between harmless movies and porn. Performances on The Notorious Bettie Page are absolutely amazing because Gretchen Mol stands. Her performance as Bettie Page is simply great. I understand that when it was announced for this role, many people were skeptical. Her name is not one that would instantly jump to me when I think it's great performances. Now it will be. She has fully acted on this role and dragged me to her vulnerable, yet profoundly powerful performance. David Strathairn is fresh from last year's "Good Night, and Good Luck," in which he won one of the best performances in 2005. Here he gives another gentle performance, though it is slightly underused. I was shocked at how limited the screen time was, but quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of every good movie. The only performance I've seen from Lili Taylor was "The Haunting" (1999). While most people ignored the movie, I found it to be a pleasant, if not totally shallow, horror film, and I also always thought that Taylor was absolutely credible as the emotionally disturbed Nell. Here Taylor gives another trusted performance. She gives very subdued performance and brings the perfect performance to praise that Gretchen Mol. After all was said and done, I realized that "Notorious Bettie Page" could not be compared to another biopic, such as "Find Neverland" and "Walk the Line". It is incomparable because it tells the story of a woman and her career from start to finish. Her personal life is briefly outlined, but it's really her impact on the world, which is becoming the pinnacle. We look at the film, knowing that the site eventually exhausts everyone and knows what impact it will have, but it rarely shows what impact they have on their personal lives. She is a woman who has never looked and could ever appear. After all, she was an adult model reversed Christian missionary. This film is nothing more than dramatizing. It could include the fictitious moments of the site that sobbed hysterically and begged God to forgive her. It could show that it is spinning and screaming through the rain, trying to escape the spirits of its past, and yet it is not. "Notorious Bettie Page" tells a simple story, and it's rare for today's standards. Fortunately, it is quite refreshing. The ultimate idea: "Notorious Bettie Page" is a relaxing film with absolutely amazing cinematography. <br /> <br /> Overall rating: 9/10 (A)
