It's not Michael Jordan Think of all the amazing NBA players whose career was not clear for any reason other than the time of their birth. Their names can easily disappear from public lips such as Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the list goes on; but the volume is a little bit reluctant because Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other great players who have always lost Michael's subtitles. I saw that it was written that Gretchen Molov's career, which appeared in 1998 in the Vanity Fair, which predicted an inevitable superstar for Mrs. Mol. It was later said that she was overwhelmed. I do not agree. I still remember that after some time I saw "The Devil's Advocate" in 97 or 98, I would be confused about what Mary Ann Lomax played for. Was it Mol or Theron? Yeah yeah! Charlize Theron was in "2 Days in the Valley" and "Powerful Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol was in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity" and "Rounders". saw "The Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "The Sweet November" (Theron), I had to straighten them fairly, but I still put them in the same drawer for mental files. Both were very talented, had sweet faces, similar body types, short blonde hair, and so on. <br /> <br /> Theron got more work. I loved her as Sara Deever, and like Adele Invergordon her beauty was totally intimidating. In 2003, "Monster" was released and from then on until the Oscar itself, all the film knew who the "Best Actress". And it deserves it! Theron was Aileen Wuornos. The only way to get a more accurate idea of ​​what Aileen Wuron's real ticks are, would be to play digital video stuck in Selby's head in some way. And because of the great talent to make it so physically unattractive! Do not hear it! <br /> <br /> Then, in 2005, "The Notorious Bettie Page" was released. Mol's performance was extraordinary. Perhaps she stood in the shadow of Mrs. Theron. It was like a ballroom to celebrate the victory for the loss of a presidential candidate, no one came and nobody cared. It was considered a continuation of the old story, once a promising actress with a falling career makes the boredom part in the movie "B". Ho bum! No no no! Poorly! No matter what you think about the movie (and like the movies of the 1950s) when you pass this, you will lose one of the better performances of that year. Mrs. Moll was just like Bettie as Mrs Theron Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen, to the film audience, is a more compassionate character. For any reason, for us, the amoral, sociopathic killer is less disturbing to us than a naive, unrealized, unrestrained, religious girl, whose most serious crime was to live her life absolutely trustworthy and completely exposed. Betty Page was one of the icons of the 1950s. Her photos and films were never sexual, never pornographic, but she represented almost the cartoon of all things kny. He had no sense of realism, just a parody. Mrs. Moll caught the very nature of the character. She got 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normal slim figure, and when she was the one for the various photographers in the movie, her body was Bettie. Her complete foremost lack of any barriers exactly suits everything published on Bettie. Cinematic nudity usually shows eroticism or sexuality. This film is innocent. When she saw Gretchen / Bettie naked, I did not want to jump her, but she breathed the desire to protect her from all the horrors people can cause each other. If you make this movie, you will lose one of the best performances in recent years. By the way, it's a pity on the MPAA for making that rating.
