I've known about Bettie Page for many years. Their soft core paintings from the 1950s have become iconographic since then and still have a strong draw today. The look of "Bettie Page" is still very popular in the hetero-fetish world, and today it remains as distinct as it was at that time. So I watched this movie with some knowledge. The result did not fail. Among other things, it was immensely fun to see a film of recreation of real personalities such as Irving Klaw, John Willie and Bunny Yeager? everyone is considering trailblazers today. Mary Harron has done a great job that created the desired atmosphere of sexual repression and hypocrisy in America in 1950, along with sexuality that, according to today's standards, was extremely innocent. I really enjoyed using monochrome vs. color as a visual abbreviation for the emotional and spiritual climate Bettie found. I think Gretchen Mol made an excellent job of presenting Betty a character in all her innocent sexuality and all her naivety. Bettie liked to look nice, loving attention, she did not see anything bad with nakedness, and enjoyed dressing up in the "silly clothes" for the camera. Substantial sexuality and the deeply fetishist desires they have created have been completely lost to her. Until today, she still does not understand what "it all sighs" about her pictures or the S & M content of them. This does not mean that it is uneducated or too simple to understand that she simply did not "get" about fetishism and will never be. No. Bettie Page is just what she is. The film captured quite nicely. The social atmosphere of the 1950s introduced by Harona and written by Guineverer Turmer, I really love to live in today's time. Hypocrisy and repression combined with massive ignorance of our sexuality are combined with a terribly confused world. The film captures it well and leads to cheering while Bettie maintains it with its unshakable faith and unchangeable naivety. This movie was occasionally a bit slow, but it hit all the points Mrs. Harron tried and hit well. I would also recommend this film to those people who had absolutely no information about who Bettie Page was and what impact it had on American culture. For those who have such interests, then this film must be seen.
