Although the Notorious Bettie Page is well represented and filmed, it is best in the Bettie version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on working with Irving and Paul Klaw, a brother and sister team who produced most of his most famous photographs. She does not care about her life after the performance, except for her religious rebirth. Richard Foster quotes Richard Foster as a source, but ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but most Betty fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get. The film is well acting, with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie, as well as conveying the sweetness that her photos radiated. The character is played as somewhat naive, likely by-product of interviews that Bettie has gained in recent years. It is likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photographs but rationalized her as acting and costumes. The supporting actress is also excellent, while Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor play Irving and Paul Klaw. David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film is missing with John Willie, who plays Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in Klawsy's pictures. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole in his worst condition. Despite the quality of acting, the film is a little disappointing from the depth. The story is rather frantic and we never feel we really know Bettie. Just like her photos, it's just a picture. This tends to exaggerate Bettie's fame. Her photos were mostly seen in New York and around him, on a very narrow market for underground and cultural publications. Her true glory came after her photos were reprinted in the late seventies and eighties, and Kult Betty Page (as her name was usually written) grew. Bettie's largest exposure (forgiving toy) was in Playboy, appeared in the January 1955 edition (Christmas photo, which is depicted in film in the movie). The film is fine if it's a bit shallow. He is able to keep his interest to the end and performs many fine performances. It will hit Bettie's high points, but ignores many details that would give her a much greater depth. The end is rather unfortunate. It feels a bit sudden. Still, the film is definitely worth seeing for all those interested in Bettie, or even a time period. The soundtrack is great and really pulls the viewer into the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is a showcase for growing American sexuality and a clash with the Puritan past. It's also a look at the icon for both men and women.
