NEW BETTIE SITE (2006) *** 1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilli Taylor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sarah Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts. <br /> <br /> Mol lights up as the legendary pin-up of Queen Bettie Page in a fine biopic. <br /> <br /> Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being blunt as a Next-It-Girl couple of years when nobody knew who it was despite the infamous cover story by Vanity Faira among other media dubbing but despite a few shared roles here and there, its predicted star seemed to shine less clearly. Here as the famous pin-up of Queen Betty Page, Gretchen Mol is really a glowing star on the rise. Betty Page was born Tennessee as a wonderful and family-oriented girl who seemed to find herself an unjustified object of lust and affection as she grew older. A gang of rape that is recalled is not wisely displayed graphically, or the gentle portrayal of one's own father has less than decent designs for his own relatives, which is important to understand how Page managed to escape a possible nightmare career career as an acting directed to New York in the 1950s , when in fact it was the time and place to capture the illumination in the bottle. What Page does not realize, it's the fact that it was just when she came. A beautiful love girl with a divine figure, the party is spotted on a Coney Island by a black day policeman (Bauer) and his sister Paula (Taylor) who take care of their guitar but they consider pornographic photographs a unique clientele: fetish types. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Although the site is naive, she is undoubtedly smart and knows that her body is not a sin and she can see a forest for trees in the sense that she has control - or at least she remains in what she offers, that she is not indecent and has fun in ever less dressed portraits - until congressional witch hunts do not show a few scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime. Talented filmmaker Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner ("American Psycho" and "I Shot Andy Warhol") simplify biopic traps rather neatly and maybe a little quicker while Bettie Page, though they do justice to displaying the uptightness ether to its zenith. Great thanks to the gifted cinematographer Motto Hopfel for his breathtaking, beautiful black and white paintings, as well as the colorful segments that Douglas Sirk reminds of the films of this time as melodramatic memories. Part of the feminist treaty and part of the American Dream fulfilled the story of the chugs along with the fine performances of his ensemble including the comedic Bauer and Taylor as siblings in the sad and Harris to have field day as a photo gallery with a wine and shade taste. It's fun to see Strathairn in a stunt stunt as a justice campaigning senator after portraying newspaper bulldog Edward R. Murrow in his latest "Good Night and Good Luck" trip as opposed to the role. > <br /> But the hats for the really subtle talents of Mol as an unbounded but deeply moral, and the most intelligent Bettie Page, which allows her childish innocence to fly over her daring nudity and now regarded as tame and quaint - frontier kitsch poses that over the last decade captured male fantasies and are still a bookmark for human sexuality in this country and perhaps worldwide. Mol is perfect and unimaginably resembles the subject of her portrait to her witty smile. The real Bettie site was allegedly not involved in the project but apparently gave her blessing and continued to live a somewhat lonely life, which he mentioned in the closing moments that he had found Jesus and once and for all had rid himself of his "notorious" image. It is a shame, because this film oddly involves the immense decency that appeared in its subject, radiating for all to see in its naked splendor.
