I had an unclear idea of ​​who was Betty Page, partly because of her appearance in the very short Playboy days (apparently, when she took her picture and her Santa hat, she did not know what the mag had). The film, which was co-written and directed by Mary Harron American Psycho, gives the key parts of her life well enough. The South Bank of the Church has a few bad experiences and lets them look for better times in New York to get into modeling and from there much more. Soon it will become an underground pin-up feeling, with the slavery evident (and "notorious") title attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll portrays her and reduces the spirit of this woman as much as possible, which is really a success of the film. It's not a simplistic nature, though sometimes her doubts about morality are debatable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, are not they?" He says several times). Obviously, filmmakers leave the later years of the life of the site and leave with it in a redeemable period, leaving behind images for Jesus. <br /> <br /> Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a usual bio-slide featured by HBO films, though this time with persistence for the release of the feature film. The best scenes that Harron captures are in their "dubious" positions, getting photos of her in the highest positions and playing in ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds the much-needed comic relief to the otherwise customary nature of the film. It's not like the story behind it is uninteresting, which means the government is investigating the "smut" that came out of such photographs and underground magazines. However, there is not much time to explore what is just implied, with the page and its complexities or relationships, or with sex and fifty years. It's all done with a truly pure black-and-white look, and sometimes it seemed as if Harron had progressed so that some black-and-white photographs were tinted more when it went on. This is an observable look if you are not too much informed about Bette Page, and probably also for fans.
