"Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress, but instead she became one of the most famous girl girls in America's history. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sexual icons in America. Modeling Model Bettie Page took part in the inclusion of the nudity and bondage that led to the investigation of the US Senate in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> I'm going out of the movie, all I could think of was the extent to which we came to pornographic conditions from the 1950s. Now you can go to the Internet to find some of the most disturbing and shocking images ever shot and the shots questioned in "The Notorious Bettie Page" seem almost childish and innocent. Most records, including slavery, did not contain nudity when she participated in Bettie Page, but today we have bad pictures, where we can see that women have sex with animals. I find it possible that since the mid-1950s, the envelope has been pushed too far because it has been very tasteful to look at this film from today's point of view. To be honest, I was quite impressed by "The Notorious Bettie Page," I discovered that the film is very successful and interesting. The film is exactly what the trailer leads you into and will be a very interesting look at one of America's first female sexual icons. Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and gives very fine performance. I also thought that since shooting a movie in black and white it made the film look realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching the film created in the late 1950s. My only film complaint was running time, it seemed that there were several scenes that were cut and seemed to be a bit shorter than they were supposed to be. I looked at it, and it seemed that 10 minutes had been excluded from the film since his original performance at the Toronto Film Festival. Also, the end was quite tame and I was expecting a little or maybe some paragraphs that would appear on the screen to explain to the audience more about Bettie Page's life where the film stopped. These are my only two film complaints, except that the direction was solid, the acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho," one of my favorite films, is the director and writer "The Notorious Bettie Page." I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create an environment and create great character-based movies because, like "Psycho", Betty Page is a character study and a great thing about it. Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease, just like all the characters. He is a very talented director who I hope will be for many years. <br /> <br /> Beginner: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how far America and the world come from pornography. The film also provides a gentle performance by Gretchen Moll, who literally sticks to the role of Bettie Page on his head. And think about a talented director who could capture the look of the previous season and have a good film on your hands. It's sad that this movie is likely to be on the flop, because many other people who have grown up at this time show an interest in the movie, but I think that's worth it. "FilmManMenzel final review" The Notorious Bettie Page "is 8/10. It is an interesting study of one of the most famous girl pins and sexual icons in American history.
