If this movie strikes you (just like us and it seems that others are leaving the theater), disappointment is a thin one, it may be because she herself is a little disappointing. The film is faithfully presented to Bettie Page, as she probably was: playful almost innocent from rural South, whose career as "the queen of the universe of the universe" was simply goofy, natural fun for her. Her potential moral destruction, religious reversal, and sudden departure from naked and slave modeling are biographically accurate, but difficult to understand because of how carelessly she seemed to be living. There are a number of reasons why this film can be seen, not least the amazing black-and-white cinema W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old-fashioned napkins and solvents), a faithful acting performance by Mary Harron, the performance of some of ours (Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention Gretchen Mol's Oscar-worthy and technically difficult performance. <br /> <br /> Ms. Mol makes several naked scenes and most of them in the amazing period of underwear and "specialty" costumes (beautifully assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn), yet surprisingly keeps the undying joy of Betty Page in her lush body. To watch Mrs. Moll as Mrs. Page, an aspirational actress who progresses to a degree of progressively less "bad" auditions and scenes, she can see a really great actress in the complete control of her craft. <br /> <br /> The screenplay effectively brings us to America in the 1950s, when sexual abuse of children, injustice of kidnapping and rape and the legal suppression of pornography, which today seems ridiculously tame, is a reality. The 50th anniversary of New York is caused by seamlessly mixed recordings. 50 years Miami lives in a super-saturated color in 16mm style. It seems that Bettie's real side is hiding, smiling, and posing before us, and yet this effect is curiously light, barely frantic and not at all dangerous. How strange is that the greatest icon of slavery should be so inadequate in poison, and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.
