I liked it ... just ... I liked it, not like an animated series ... I love it! The fact that it's less attractive is that we all try to compare and not evaluate, but this cartoon was amazing, but she really did not like it. There are too many people who say Bruce is so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, someone in the gang fighting crime would have such an angry and dark attitude, so it's not a mistake for me. Batgirl was awesome because it's really good for Dick Grayson as a robin, and batman needs a good teammate, not a new rob, it's just a kid and you can not rely on a baby. But heres what did not work: New artwork ... it's not terrible, but ... for me it does not work in series like a batman. This is a dark figure, with a maniac killer like a joker, so you can not put this kind of artwork in this cartoon, Joker is not a bad design, but I still like the past joker (but for me was the best joker ever the one who appeared in Batman: return the joker) so this joker is not that good. The good thing about the joker is that it still reminds Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (in love with her) They gave her an amazing episode: Mad Love (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how she turned to Harley Quinn and how the joker turned his mind and felt that the atmosphere you feel in the animated series was darker, happy the end, the brutal fight with the joker (but too short), that's how it was supposed to be all series. But I did not like Harley in this series ... in every episode they say funny but ridiculous, she's fucked up, she says mistakes, she's making mistakes ... what a funny way you can laugh at her , not from her ... and here they are ridiculous (like I said the only episode where I do not think it's crazy love and watch out for the floating tree) So generally it's a good series, it has upsides and downs, cartoon could be better (my good !!!!!!!!!, Old wounds, father's sins and cool comfort.) If you enjoy Batman: TAS you can watch this but you do not have too much spec in the other hand if you have not followed TAS , watch it first and then watch TAS so it will really love TAS: D
