The new Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) take place five years after the final episodes of Batman: Animated Series (B: TAS) and broadcast for only 24 episodes. It's not a terrible show, but it's just not as good as the original Batman Animated Series. I'll start with all the things I have not found to be very good. <br /> <br /> The first thing is the first, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer dark, the sky is always bright red and orange, B: TAS did it, but it was drawn on the dark floor, the color of the sky was more ominous in this show, the color of the sky is too bright. It all looks like any other children's show and does not seem to be unique like Batman: TAS did it with its dark and cool artistic style on Gotham. Artistic style is fine, but Batman no longer remembers me. Each character consists of straight lines, squares, and triangles that make characters less human. In the original series (B: TAS), characters look more like cartoon versions of real people. Animation may be here than in B: TAS, but it's definitely not so good. <br /> <br /> Next: Some of the episodes seem too overwhelming and childish, but some items are even stronger than B: TAS (Two-Face trying to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2 and some villains got some harsh treatment). This leads me to my next point. Because this is going to happen in the future, just like the last episode of Batman's animated universe, many villains will meet their extinction or go away forever. Poison Ivy seems to drown when a cruise ship explodes; Two faces almost kill Penguin, Killer Croc and himself, so he moved to Arkham forever; Joker falls into the exhaust tower in an industrial factory (though he will return to the series of the Animated Series Justice League later); Catwoman moves to France and leaves Batman etc. Just because the series ends does not mean they have to get rid of some great characters! The reasons for villains are also bad. There are none! In B: TAS, we learn that these villains are mentally tortured and their lives are destroyed and therefore behave the way they do it. In this show, villains just commit crimes to continue the story. It is as if Batman simply did not care to rescue what is in the people who are fighting, save that it is simply without words. This Batman is a colder and rougher version of the character, but because it has done this work for years, I see why it's so rough. <br /> <br /> Also, models with a new pattern are terrible. Gordon has cut about 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many villains look like STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Freeze, Mad Hatter and Killer Croc are among the most). Although I think some characters look better (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is probably the same, and Ivy (which is warmer now) has light green skin. The series with many mistakes, some episodes are great - over the edge, Mad Love, Girls Night Out, Old Wounds, Dark Knight Legends and Never Fear are, in my opinion, the most popular. All the crossword puzzles representing Batman in the Superman Animated Series were great. <br /> <br /> The absolute part NEW about this show is how the creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original. The DVD features of the original Batman Animated Series talk about how proud they are with artistic style and how difficult some animations are, but they eventually succeeded (a difficult animation needed for Clayface animation, for example). On the DVD features of New Batman Adventures, the creators basically say, "In Hell with B: TAS, it's a fresh new reamplifier, it looks better and we love getting closer to the show!" (Well, that's exaggerated). When the creators discarded the amazing art of B: TAS, it really made me angry! It's not a bad show, but I still do not like it like the original animated series. At least, the show does not speak to its audience, so for this reason I still praise it. Although some episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. <br /> <br /> Superman: The Animated Series and Justice League: Animated Series are a great watch show for Batman: Animated Series and Batman's new adventure, so watch them as well.
