This Showtime really deserves much better audience ratings than 4.5; I gave her 10 according to the story and the acting of two stars. After reading the audience's comments, I was surprised how many people expected this movie to be a comedy. Yeah, I see that IMDb lists it as a comedy / drama by genre. This is certainly misleading, is not it? Fortunately, I saw the movie before logging in to this site so I did not expect that. In fact, on the basis of a summary of what I have heard, I fully expected that it would just be dramas. I wonder if the disappointment that it was not a funny movie has caused so many low votes. Another factor that could cause low voices is that this film is very "characteristic". "Daisy's Driver" is an example of another film she's thinking. Some previous comments have complained about the tedious process. Tom's (Danny Glover) work scene seems to take away the real plot of the film. This is how the engineer raised the upward social rise of his family - or his personal unit if you want. However, they have become credible and justifiable, such as his right to move to Greenwich and move up in the world. Tom's obsession became a must. He proved he would not stop in any way to get to the white quarter. His anger when another black black man was moved was not due to skin color. It was because of what he represented "interloper"; everything Tom left behind. Essentially, Tom became an Oreo cookie: black on the outside, but white inside. The last 20 minutes of this film is one of the most written, directed and acting (Whoopi Goldberg). I was pleased to testify. I realized that the climax of the film was not an obvious event that happened side by side (they did not want to give it away). The culmination is verbal and Whoopi delivers it. I still do not know if it's an interview when Tom informs Tom, which Tom-Two college is about to go or when it's released, all in the middle of the night, and Tom wakes up. However, the denoun is great. You know life on this street will never be the same. My favorite kind of driven character: people are going through problems, some pain, they make their dance, they grow, they change and life continues. As an audience I can learn something or be inspired.
