If you were not there, unfortunately this movie will be out of compassion for you. What I'm saying is shame, because although some of the actors are amateur, it should be realistic. Let's say - in real life we ​​do not say things in an exact or perfect way, even if we want it. In this sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "famous" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (native born). The fact that the other three girls are not fulfilled just adds to the story - Jodie plays a glue that tries to keep her friendship close, even with an apparent sense of mortality. This means that no matter how close friends are, there are some people who just disappear no matter how you try. And that's the core of the movie. It's not a party, it's not about sexuality, but about these four girls and their final time as young girls before they have to go into the world. <br /> <br /> If you ever have such a friendship your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter at what time it happened or at what time you grew up. We all knew the girls at school, or at least we knew about them. We all knew a frustrated virgin, half who wanted to hold childhood, and half desperately wanted to grow up and think she would do it for her. We all know a guy - a mad, fashionable plate, whose vanity hides the fear of the world, the fear of admission. We all knew how the girl side they whispered about, with stories not only about their sad home life, but about their notorious practices. And we all knew that the "mother" was the one that was a bit more real, a little more anchored, a little more sad because she knew what was going to happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, just like me, you've been at one time or another ... This movie really captures that fragile time in life when they want, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world and loneliness are all embodied in the head of each woman, every one factor on the abyss. Which aspect will you look at? What do you skip over the edge, no matter how you want to keep on going? And how painful does she enjoy with what you know? This is what this movie is - steps to femininity while holding on to childhood, and how damn hard it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie just like me. Painfully and gently done. Great piece of captured femininity.
