As a low-budget enterprise in which film producers produce and distribute the DVDs themselves, we might not expect too much of the Broken disk. And yet what is most remarkable of all this success is the fact that this version comes with enough extras that would embarrass the James Cameron DVD and definitely a great presentation. As for the second DVD, the only major bug is that Broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we will get the film at its original ratio of 1.85: 1, which does not show any technical errors and looks pretty much the way it could be expected. Indeed, given that Ferrari has access to putting this disc together, you can to a certain extent guarantee that. The same goes for the soundtrack. Here we offer both DD2.0 and DD5.1, and while I'm sure what is supposed to be the "original", Ferrari's involvement in both means should not be considered inferior. Although DD5.1 ​​can offer more experience-based atmosphere as a result of how it uses the score, both are equally gentle and without technical drawbacks. As for the extras, the disk is positively impressed. Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and notice a lot of comments, lots of elements and different galleries. In fact, given that everything was divided into minutes rather than being compiled into a long document, there is really little to be discussed. "Stunt Anatomy", for example, is exactly what he claims, and the same goes for the rest of the pieces. As such, we cover essentially all aspects of Broken's production, production and post-production. And although it would be more convenient to find them in a more simply digestible "creation" in general, this way we gain easy access to all the special features we may wish. pieces, then there are just comments that require any discussion. Then again, there is predictable air to each chalet. The one that includes an actor is overly humorous and does not perceive the movie too seriously. Ferrari's bits are incredibly excited about this. And the technical ones are extremely technical. Of course, we also have some transition with what was covered elsewhere on the discs, but in just 19 minutes none of these pieces will hold their welcome. In fact, everything is all right.
