Independent property can now be considered a work of film art and film biography. Come Broken and aggressively promoted, twenty minutes short with style and enthusiasm to save. But is it like a movie or does it just work as a demo? Oh, there is rub in the lies. Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton, who is kidnapped after awakening from the recurring nightmare one night of a "sadistic stranger and his colorful escort" (quote from the video box). When held in captivity, it is clear that her abductors know she did not know herself. While they ask her about it, a soldier of black cannon flies into her hiding place in an effort to save her. Because of chaos. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he is doing, or at least he is very good when he pretends to do so. Broken suffers from a lack of visual taste, which is particularly praiseworthy due to its budget and the inexperience of everyone involved. What he suffers is weak and a kind of derived writing. Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets The Matrix, written ten minutes after reading the Fight Club. The good news for Ferrari and producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that storylines are easily excluded from being on gift wrapping of eye candy. Does the plot really so important in twenty minutes to show the technical skills of the creators? No, not really. <br /> <br /> Although it would be unfair to overlook any negative aspects in the light of the budget and length of the films. Broken is not a classic genre. The biggest problem was that it would actually work better as a whole. The final "twist" does not have enough time to be shocking. If Ferrari had time to slow the burning of the function as needed, the rendering of the elements would seem less random and the movie was completed. Here's to know he's getting a chance. Audio Broken is Dolby Digital 5.1 Presentation is in no world in the indie world. I have never heard such aggressive space from such a small feature. Matrix inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep, shots have punch and even dialogue gets to the surround effects. From what's on this disc, it's a sound that speaks about the praise of modern, independent DVD productions. Also included is the impressive Dolby 2.0 surround sound, which is the default menu. <br /> <br /> Extras There is literally a lot of time to create features on this disk. There are so many add-ons that I find unrealistic to describe and describe each of them, while I still expect the readers to continue reading. Regardless of the shortcomings that a real shortcut may have, the DVD is unprecedented in information sources. People who enjoy this movie can learn everything they know about their production, including everything from conceptual art to promotional campaigns. Those who intend to create their own Indian film can learn about everything they need to know about these features. Extras are divided into categorical menus. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, after short and bios crew and crew. From a critical point of view, I found that some parts were relatively short. If they were adjusted to one option in a single offer, it would be less frustrating for their navigation, because every time you return to the main section, the cursor is the default to the highest selection. Of course, this is obvious, but perhaps even for the future release of the DVD, the creators will come to my advice. <br /> <br /> He has six audio commentaries and hours of conversations and talented people, and through the sales force's approval, their real colors will come true. <br /> <br /> The willingness to share your movie secret with everyone who picks up this DVD is quite generous. From add-ons, I've learned what editing and effects software is the most reliable and effective, what brand of camera creates the most professional look at the lowest price, even where you get cheap air soft guns. In addition, I received several alternative options if I could not find any products used in this particular production. Wannabe movie makers who do not want to read a book on this subject should watch this DVD well. <br /> <br /> Overall, I recorded real short as 6 out of 10, but I wish the potential and effort because I have reached 8 or 9 points in these fields. I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with only eight thousand US dollars. Those who buy a DVD can think of being a ghost producer for a larger project because the more these guys get, the more money they get the whole version.
