In my work I sometimes get acquainted with independent filmmakers who are trying to promote their film. When I can, I look at these low-budget movies and often make me think that the future of Hollywood will go to dogs. From time to time, however, a film emerges from pure passion and desire as if it were created to remind the film industry that good movies are still possible. The short film BROKEN, directed by Alex Ferrari, is a real surprise and is behind the other face. BROKEN is constantly trying to overcome the surprising (but unreal) story in 20 minutes, almost without a back story. Viewers are thrown out in the middle of the action with no hint of what's going on. A young woman (Samantha Jane Polay) wakes up from her dream to hear the shot and then kidnaps her from her home. When he wakes up, he is surrounded by a group of mercenaries who look as if they were at home in a comic book. These unpleasant boys and girls are bigger than life. They're all weapons and knives. There is no way out. <br /> <br /> The kicker is that even if it's a low-budget movie, it's not like one. From the outset, it is felt that B R O K E N was shot, edited and produced by experts. Looks like Quentin Tarantino could do his free time when he ran with the Wachowski brothers. The film is sharp and cool, looks good and looks great. The game is much better than usual to see in these smaller movies. Polay and Paul Gordon (who plays the main killer, Duncan) were well chosen. Like two of the few talking roles in the film, it is up to them to wear the film. No special effect, no matter how good, would save this movie from bad acting. Fortunately, Polay is able to convey real fear, and Gordon will be able to set off as a real psycho. Some of the more limited roles seem to be filled with fewer talents, but it barely shows. The disadvantage of B R O K E N is that it's only 20 minutes. The story ends with the twist Twist zone, which looks a bit thought out and is barely subtle. I watched that I felt I had an epiphany, but it was only a feeling that it was much more common than I hoped it would be. The film is trying to be one of those puzzles that let the audience talk at the local coffee shop, but it seems unsatisfactory. I think it's the first 20 minutes of a longer movie. MY RATING: 8 out of 10.
