The name of the young lady is Bonnie (Polay). She is attractive, apparently living quite a decent life, but suddenly she is inexplicably removed from her home and life by a vicious jerk and various and various malicious people. Now he has no idea what the hell is going on, just that a lot of armed people apparently wants to be dead ... and she dies or knows why. <br /> <br /> God, I've heard he's still running. Now that content is so cheap and people can create their own movies / books / comics / internal organs, no one will guarantee that there is a quality standard! We're gonna fuckin 'shit! The only people who really think they are people who have recently seen no movies or have recently read any books - because we are already floating dead. They are people like Ferrari and Rodriguez who have laid lies to these unconscious so-and-suities by throwing $ 8K on the table and doing ... well, what I would say is a better action than what you've seen in cinema year ... but this year you have not seen any action in the cinema. I saw the cash register. You'll stay in the raptors. It would be better if you copied a copy, spent 20 minutes having fun and you should continue your life. It's totally fun. You enter Bonnie with a lot of questions and where everything ends, it's foggy. All conceit was done in many ways, but not in such a compressed amount of time and not without such a concentrated delicious weapon. You are there for the atmosphere, secrets and weapons. That's it - they are all the creators promise and supply. Heats the black holes of his heart to think it was done with such a budget. We've got a lot of Indian movies around us, but we rarely see anything as polished as that short, and we've never seen anything in the action genre that looked so good. Damn it, you could take the two boys MI.3 and make me watch them. Bond franchise. Shit, whatever. No, in fact, it's even better: I'd like to see these guys make their own traits and stay the hell out of Hollywood. Whatever is outside the killing of the film industry is undoubtedly infectious. The best India we've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we've ever seen. The DVD is $ 20 and has ass bonuses. Read your movie ticket budget and insert it instead.
