After the The Snare fame, it was unlikely that another Hanzo trip would be able to do something better and this does not violate this expectation, but it is a great movie and sits neatly amusing between the funny but dirty first chapter and the amazing second in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare as well as the expected hi-jinks of the Hanzo movie, but the movie rings nice little changes to the formula by speeding up character-controlled humor as well as giving the film a quieter, reflective edge. The film opens with Hanzos' assistants with the fear of the spirit and typically decides immediately that he needs the consciousness of that spirit. It turns out that the ghost serves as the guard of stolen coins, and this story tells a story about the theft, corruption and usury, with expected violent and dirty results. Shintaro Katsu is awesome as he waited like Hanzo, hopelessly appearing as a lethal warrior and sexual power of nature, he is just as good at the moment of knowing humor and sympathy, almost a regular gentleman in moments of drama, a beautifully rounded performance filled with social conscience and the edge personal feeling. The anticipated comedy is also great, its moments with Magobei's "Snake" are perhaps the most amazing in the series, while its interactions with its servants are kookily funny as ever. Although it is neatly charged, with nice moments, lots of action and a bit of dirt, the film loses a bit of a relatively restrained approach. There are shades of both the previous films, rendering, tempo and smarts resemble The Snare and when the film focuses on sleaze it does very well, with the potent treatment and impact of early sequencing. Yoshio Inoue is also experimenting with potentially unlikely experimental lessons such as Kenji Misumi's less successful work in the sword of justice, with sometimes very nice consequences, as well as a man playing a koto tune, his fingers tingling on the strings as the best known to him, Hanzo floats his wife, and sometimes a little weak as well as an orgy that shrinks to a psychedelic vortex without psychedelic swirling limbs in motion that just looks confused. Nudity and bloodshed are generally worsening, which is a shame, although a slightly stronger approach that works better, it is surely the kind of film where clumsiness and blatant nudity and violence are most appropriate. But even with less use of goods, it's still a totally fun thing, predictable moments are handled with aplomb, and there's plenty of intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises. It's a movie for fans really, playing from the job set in the previous installments and working sweetly, if not spectacularly with him. Overall, it is almost entirely nice if it fails slightly with a wonderful trilogy, the second best one and a lot of things for a lot of enthusiasts.
