After the brilliant "Goyōkiba" (also "Hanzo The Razor", 1972) and his excellent (and even sleazier) sequel "Goyōkiba: Kamisori Hanzō Jigoku of the Earth" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare" They no Hanzo yawahada koban "aka. "Razor 3: Who Has the Gold" is the third and sad last installment of the awesome saga of Hanzo's unmistakable samurai guardian "The Razor" Ittami (who played great Shintarō Katsu) who fought his fighting experience as well as his huge sexual power. As a great 70-year-old filmmaker in Nippon, "The Sword of Justice" became my immediate favorite, so I was excited to look for continuation and full expectation when I was recently overwhelmed. While this third film "Hanzo" is not just as brilliant as its predecessors, it is certainly another great piece of iconic cinema that no Japanese cinema lover can afford to miss. "Who has gold" is a bit more confused than two previous Hanzo films, but he is as brilliantly comical and roughly humorous and immediately begins wonderfully strange: The movie begins when Hanzo's two assistants see the female spirit in fishing. He always wanted to sleep with the spirit, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the place of occurrence ... If it's not a promising beginning for a wonderful movie experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again great in the role of Hanzo, which seems to be written specifically for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a prudent and fearless police officer who hates corruption and deliberately offends superiors and whose unique interrogation techniques involve raping female suspects. Examined women will fall instantly because of their sexual strength and a huge penis trained in a somewhat grotesque routine ritual. I'm not going to be more involved in the conspiracy in "Who has gold," but I can assure it's as cool as it sounds. Support is also very good and, like the ancestors, there are plenty of cheerful eccentric characters. This is sadly the latest film in the amazingly dirty "Hanzo" series. If they did another 20, I would love to watch them happily! The whole Hanzo series is excellent and while this third part is a bit worse than its predecessors, it must definitely be for all lovers of cult cinema! Oh, how do I want them to do next?
