L'Hypotéza du tableau volé (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-storey Parisian apartment building. Inside, we meet a collector, an older man who apparently devoted his life to the six well-known colors of the impressed impressionist painter, Tonnerre. The narrator will present various epigrams about art and painting, and then engages in a dialogue with a collector who describes the paintings, shows them to us, tells us a bit about the painter and scandal that brought him down, and then tells us to show us something. When he walks through the door, we enter another world or worlds, or perhaps get to the borders, another possible world. The collector shows us his seemingly unlimited house, including a large courtyard full of trees and a hill; within these boundaries, 6 images are alive or halfway to life, when it passes through different tables and describes us the possible meanings of each image, the work as a whole, the entire secret history of the paintings, the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that inspired the paintings. And so on, and so on. Each room, every description, takes us deeper into the labyrinth, and all the time the Collector and Narrator are dealing with their own monologues, very occasionally approaching the dialogue, but they usually remain separate and different. <br /> <br /> I watched it for the second time, was so bizarre and powerful and indescribable and so demanding to think or write. If I have to guess about what this is all about, it would be an ugly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator could be found in two of the most entertaining and unexplained scenes where The Collector finds some unscrupulous plastic figurines - the other one also looks at pictures taken with figures that reflect characters in pictures - - then it passes through his collection, which is now partly composed of versions of numbers throughout life. If we think about it too much and we will not just enjoy it, everything will become simply invertebrate plastic. Whatever I have come to some definitive conclusions about L'Hypothèse du tableau volé or not, I can definitely say that out of the early and present) Peter Greenaway's work as "Walk H" I was rarely so enchanted by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and a heart so dirty and fun.
