This project was originally conceived as a movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and that's not something new for Jay Chou who made his film debut playing a character from another wildly popular manga Initial D. After the journey, it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie and hence the title even though the idea was not too original, Shaolin's football Stephen Chow, who came to mind with a combination of martial arts and ball games. However, and fortunately, those scenes in which kung fu actually influenced the games were kept to a minimum and in Kung Fu Dunk, quite unnecessary, because they do not think much about the plot or think much of the excitement and offer the most cheap laughs, as Stephen Chow used kung fu in football. Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie, because it is not the first time he fought martial arts (somebody's golden curse?) And in the stunning direction of Ching Siu-Tung was to make him truly believable when he traces countless gangsters in bar, as seen on the trailer, just to tell you who the boss is. That was almost why his character became a practical kungfu and for giving him an apology for being the pinnacle, able to shoot hoops virtually from any angle. And with Eric Tsang, as a little time hunter, Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, joins the university where he plays basketball, but without the primary objection of Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his big screen debut). But you know with the team members on the same side, it's not first time that they join forces to get to the opponent on the basketball court. And I will hold my neck to say that this movie is basketball, just like the goal of football. Because charismatic characters looked good, it looked good, despite the fact that they were so cold and relaxing on the pitch. Here, special effects and wire work were used to make actors a professional who could win the top of the NBA, and in all honesty, they looked really stunning, especially when they imitated various dunking moves and made it comfortably with technology and stunt work. So in reality, the kungfu elements in the movie do not really have to be. Working with cascades alone will be able to justify most moves, since they are really based on reality only if you have to stop believing that boys of average height have springs in their legs to leap the height for professional dunk. > <br /> <br /> It is a pity that the number of games was just a handful of time spent on a lot of subplots, but each of them was freely developed and flown to and out of the story as soon as it pleases. Things like the abandoned Shi-jie's efforts to use basketball games to make his parents part one day, that gangsterism penetrate and influence games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another flower role just to look good and do nothing another. Each of them acts a bit too cold, so there is not enough space for the main characters to add depth. One of the key issues is to realize the importance of teamwork rather than individual talent and abilities, and it could be much stronger if the players themselves concentrate much more than just that, and during a competitive game, apart from the large breeding and friendly passes. With a budget of $ 10 million, it's easy to find out where the money came - especially as a result of the massive fantasy sequence at the decisive point in the movie. It is quite perfect, I look nice and I probably only justify its quality, but again I like to emphasize that even without these elements, basketball pieces themselves will become a decent film with skilful basketball moves. And by playing Jay Chou for your team is great support for any hope of boxing success.
