Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kungfu school but kicked out by a corrupt director after battling a group of thugs in the work of a bad villain. It happens to Eric Tsang, who has been lucky and immediately sees the potential of money in the young man's skills. Basketball is the chosen path for wealth, and Tsang tries to get the university team back and support it in the media. Overall success leads to a basketball championship and a really ugly rival team co-managed by the same shameful villain. <br /> <br /> It's all a little Shaolin Soccer I think, but it's not so strange or ridiculous - it's close to the conventions of sports movies and it brings all the elements the crowd expects from the show. You've seen it before, but it's kind of a thing that will never hurt when you see it. Fortunately, it really works well (some may surprise that Chu Yen-Ping in the chair of the director ... I expect he has good "assistants") - the script brings and presentation is neat and stylish. Jay Chou remains fairly flat, but that's his style, and if he lets emotions blink over him, it can be a pretty good comic effect. Eric Tsang compensates for a bigger character than she has played many times before (for example in real life), which has many films of the most emotional moments. Because the film revolves around basketball, it's good that basketball matches are exciting. Casting has revealed some real skills, including Chou, and some well-done wire work and CGIs add this element to hyper-real kung fu skills that make shots even more enjoyable (assuming you like it) and justify film enthusiasm / existence. <br /> <br /> There is only one major battle scene in the movie, but the "one against many" style is an impression. Jay Chou seems to do a lot of his own steps and is absolutely impressive - he is clearly strong and fast for real and choreographed by Ching Siu-Tunga to make him look like a real martial artist. I wish there were more, but at least it was a long struggle. <br /> <br /> Very much the Chinese New Year I chose, I hoped it would be from a trailer and it is recommended to look!
