Lost, probably the best t.v series he ever did. The story is clever and when all your questions are answered when watching one episode, it is even more raised. if it is lost, it can continue on spectacular trips and will not get too busy, then the best show will be launched at all. Survivors from an air crash are forced to live on each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that presents its own threat. after reading this your thought, how can it be interesting? and every season you've always had a surprise, you've always questioned yourself, why it happened and what's happening every time, a very unexpected thing happens and the story goes wonderful SO FAR! The series just sucks you, it's cool and very addictive, everything from gorgeous creators and directing to spectacular cast shows creates a very credible story. Lost is simply unbelievable, amazing, very entertaining, splendid, though it is the best. How you ever want to. <br /> <br /> The Lost Beat is all the other shows according to the landslide. And if your hate or critic Lost do not know how to watch t.v or watch the drama. Lost does not disappoint, you think the series that has been so long can not improve. But it is! It remains just that it's unlike anything you ever figured out. "Everything has its own reason." And this is actually mentioned in the series. Finally, you reach the point where all the tracks were and everything that happened or is happening is added. You will feel and realize how characters change and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> 10 Minutes of Excitement: You see something you have not seen, something big happened to the character or on the island. Somewhere is hope. You see a major change that can or will change everything. You hear your thought disappear and wonder what's going on. Your heart beating. 30 minutes of brilliance: You see the flawless scenes, the exciting building, you hear great music by Michael Giacchin. You see great flashes, impressive acting. You see a joke, a cool atmosphere that then turns back into tension. Everyone there shows that he's also addicted that he does not get enough to admire every minute and can not wait for the next episode that he's talking about 24/7 He's too much for me and many more this is the series Lost When you start watching, you will not get enough The creators have done a flawless job Lost is completely unique and original, you do not see anything like this The clever idea of ​​"memories and glimpses" and something important and different in each season will upset your thoughts, will it ever make a series like LOST? and something you always remember It just stunned the world when the New Generation of Drama / Sci-Fi hit Instant classic before it got to the audience. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you're all have heard of lost and five star reviews and your unpleasant friend who will not stop telling you so what stops you from watching? Each episode leads to something to the new one and just keep on doing better and better, you will be more interested when it comes, you will learn the things that are on the island, it would not even think. The characters begin to be very sympathetic, and if your type of criticism you'd like to see lost in more detail, things like how the relationship between characters evolves and how they learn the ways to look and take on the challenges of the island. Overall, it's a great track and flawless series. I think we all hope that the lost will not fall in the episodes that come and go far ... so if you do not lose, read the top comment and you should change it. See them trusting, so you will never know until you start watching. I strongly recommend this masterpiece series: LOST !! to start watching !!! You did not see anything until you missed LOST !!!
