While I was initially reluctant to jump on the bandwagon watching "Lost", I accidentally caught one episode at the beginning of Season 1 - the Polar Bear - and from that time paid me all the attention. Show, that's it. Not a polar bear. So with me (heh) with me while I throw away so much rambling, semi-coherent praise as I can get it. <br /> <br /> "Lost" has a simple idea of ​​a personal flight full of people crashing into the desert island and gradually adds extraordinary depth to his assumption by examining each character deeply and unwaveringly? what drives them, who is it? Where do they come from? It soon becomes that the island on which they are stuck acts as a common denominator of many things in their lives, whether fleeing from something (for example, between Sawyer and Kate) or coming into contact with spirituality (Locke, Claire). But the "lost" also grows on the island itself and the mysterious horrors it brings ... and everyone seems to be strangely connected. While television actors are not exactly known for their subtlety or dazzling majority cast, "Lost" are in fact magnificent actors for their individual parts, showing heart and humor in their performances. There are also plenty of eyes, but not mostly of plastic Hollywood type like most television shows. The characters feel very real and are extremely convincing. Their interactions rarely fall prey to foreseeable sappiness, minor arguments or cheese melodrama (though they are unpleasantly secrets)? these people are primarily trying to survive, and any relationship that occurs is considered as an adjoining act. The reality of these figures allows for a well-carved plot. <br /> <br /> About this plot ... Imagine the tree as a fence template, then the branches as subplots (in this case one branch for each character)? Well, Lost adds twigs to each branch, and then small twigs to these twigs as other stories. If you are a brother or sister of one of the main characters in the flashback, you get your own story. If you are a dog, you will have your own story. If writers can not connect them to some famous climax, they will eventually happen. I'm more than a little concerned that this show will be a disappointment because I'm sure most people are. But assuming writers download it, "Lost" is probably the best show ever hit by television. <br /> <br /> 9/10
