to get to work on this film when it was made in the summer of 1990. Filled partially in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the remaining parts of Winston-Salem. Massive RJ Reynolds offices have been used in several office scenes and locations around a beautiful city known as the Winston-Salem capital of the Tulip! I liked the work, although it was an extremely hard job that built all the sets like the Golf of Mexico, where Renée Russo and Jim Belushi left. I also had a great hand in decorating the bar, where Larry meets the magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I put all those pictures on the wall of the sports heroes and grabbed a telephone booth where Larry calls a taxi. I even gave my mother photos at the eye level so that I could freeze the frame and show her when we watched it. I remember the coloring of grass in my old house with a green dye, because it had to be condemned first (it was a new house in new development and I think they rented it for a movie). Then I had to cut the newly laid to make it look nice .. a man who was hard! As for the movie, when we did, we did not know how it would be, but after what I saw, I fell in love with it, because it really tells the story "what if" as good as I've ever seen, including the great It's a beautiful life. I have been crying so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I have to meet the wonderful actor Michael Caine when shooting scenes on the old leagues of the leagues where they played and played Larry's children's scenes. I remember that after he did some rescue he went back to his trailer, let him down and asked him for the picture and he was very kind and said, "why not!" He's a good guy and really a natural and powerful actor. I can not say the same about Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, he smoked the big Cuban cigars and spoke loudly, so everyone could hear every word in the ears. His career has never set off, but has recently had a decent TV career. I'd say you watch this movie if you ever get a chance. It is an amazing and true heart. You feel Larry's pain after he enters the new world that Mr. Destiny gives him after homer hurt and how bad he wants people to believe he's not such a bad guy, everyone thinks he is. Everybody thinks it belongs to a nut! But eventually he wins people, but until then he wants his real life back so bad, especially his wonderful wife, Linda Hamilton played so beautifully ... and wants his dog back! See that.
