Mr. Destiny - 3.5 / 5 Stars <br /> <br /> "Mr Destiny's" theme is being recycled from many movies for many different years. His theme ranges from recent spoofs on such plots (see Scrooged) to the same, more serious and dramatic concept that worked in "It's a Gorgeous Life," and a century earlier in the Scrooge story, as Charles Dickens said "Christmas Carol. " "Includes an ungrateful person who goes out to guide his life with a guide and testifies how his life could be (or would be) firsthand. In most of these types of films, the guardian angel saves the man from ingratitude and shows him his life in a retrospective, or how it could be, it would be, it would be, in which case a merchant named Larry (James Belushi), who hates his life, will show us, living with an incredible wife (Linda Hamilton) and longing for a longer life with If he only hit the ball at the state championship in high school years ago, he is convinced that his life would be better, he recalls this seemingly small moment of his life, because it had a great influence on his subconscious, but I doubt, that an adult man will long for a single piece of law from high school, but it works in the movie. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Larry goes out at night he gets home from work where Jonathan Lovitz's car breaks down, wandering into the bar looking for the phone and reluctantly deciding to tell the barman (Michael Caine) how his life is shown. This is where we first saw him when they remembered his kid's baseball. <br /> <br /> The bartender listens and nods, apparently not even touching any other customer. This is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and torn, seems to have never been occupied by any living person except the two men. In fact, Larry even commented that he had never seen a bar before. This is most likely for the reason that the audience is waiting for Larry. <br /> <br /> So the bartender, who can also be the incarnate angel of God as well as Clarence, corrects Larry's special beverage that eventually brings Larry's life to the opposite side and shows him what his life will be like he's hit home before all those years. But Larry has no change at all, just as Jimmy Stewart did not realize that Clarence had erased his life until he went to the bar and kicked out Larry, although he did not come to his home to find another turf outside and the big, wrestling-type man occupying his home. Larry soon finds out that his life would really be very different if he hit a home run. Instead of marriage, Linda Hamilton married Rene Russo and moved to a large mansion with children. He finds out that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend but his employee. And the most surprising fact is that with the new life that Larry always wanted ... he finds Linda Hamilton's folly after his old wife; evidence that money and a wonderful and yet superficial woman do not create everything in a person's life, such as intelligent wife, love, and true happiness. Like "It's a wonderful life," the audience showed that human life is what it does, and that everybody has an impact on people, "Mr Destiny" shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, lessons have taught us again and again, but never so slow, unforgettable and really sweet, as shown in "Mr. Destiny". "Mr Destiny" is never incredibly cheerful, but it's the sweet, good character of a comedy that does not matter too much. The problem with all the "amazing life" like "The Family Man," is that he tries to be just as influential and unforgettable as "It's a wonderful life." But there is only so many times when you can tear yourself off a famous movie and "Mr. Destiny" knows it and plays it right. It does not try to be anything that is not; rather it is something that did not try to be, and that is obvious to the audience. <br /> <br />
