While the original version of 1932 with Preston Foster was good, there is no remake that would be better than this year 1959 or impossible to find anywhere, as well as I'm strongly suspect that Mickey Rooney has something to do with it. It could never be a mere performance so masterly brilliant, or a scenario that would be more thoughtful, as well as the improvement of the original one. Many years after my last look at this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney talked about a visit he had made to death and which seemed to have drastically excluded any sense of personal identification, feeling with people in similar circumstances. The article here was as short as the main character, and did not include much except the extent to which it was emphasized its extreme disillusionment with the quality of the prisoners themselves, even in a language that I would not explicitly cite here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not equally, impartially applied, as many innocent people are too careless, and so unnecessarily sent to fulfill that particular destiny. Another problem I have with it is that it is not used quickly or even publicly! The Bible has special importance in such cases on one of the most important purposes as a deterrent, which is ineffectually obscured, minus not only public observation, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who say they statistically prove that such is not an effective deterrent? Besides, I have a problem regarding the reliability of my data, I do not have too much if there are any objectively irrefutable doubts, because many of them are behind the grids now because of the lack of such a deterrent tool. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall, in the Apostle, was ever punished for his "crime," or that the only hope of forgiveness for one as if it had to be based on "temporary madness" as if it were the only acceptable excuse in his case type. . . . In addition to various other questions about Mickey Rooney's motives for this visit he has told and about answers I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the main answer was of a religious nature. I do not know exactly when to become a professing Christian that now is a special reason, whenever possible, to emphasize it; but, as one should know, this category of people tends to be the strongest for blood when it comes to eye-catching eyes. However, I have no particular curve on this in itself, nor is there any doubt that in the written statement that not all, and perhaps most, will not be spared the same ultimate fate in the hands of the Lord himself as the result of his sacrifice on the cross. But there is a problem for me with regard to the spirit or attitude with which most of the well-known Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; because unlike the Lord Himself, who would like to see every one who is saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), it seems that the opponents go out of the way to find reasons for condemnation! . . . What most people, on each side of this incredibly growing problem, can not seem to appreciate enough is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusive as it is heavy. Both sides of their nature appear to be so inherently incompatible to make them mentally upset, at least by being a strictly human settlement. Nevertheless, no matter how extremely unfortunate this miraculously dynamic crossing of water and oil in His nature is certainly not, there is no doubt that something that is on it, or something fanatical and characteristic on one or the other side of this equation, falls inadequately and unacceptably disagrees with the whole truth. Indeed, I have seen that most of the blood with the desire to discover the same thing is itself contradictory, on too many occasions, when categorically defending against death penalty, even in the most rationally balanced, with the fact that although the Lord has died for everyone , not all of them will be saved. Finally, in order for the resurrection to be accomplished, the same term must be repeated, addressed and accepted, ie, Repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Could something make more sense? . . . But then, forgive the Lord's commandments even in the case of enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation? One of the overly overwhelming difficulties with this kind of sentimentality, as it is popularly misinterpreted, is a way of making it hard to simplify the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness itself does not mean the same as the unconditional justification of the forgiven. When one takes a clearly sober, rationally balanced view, from the point of view of God's own attitude, it is all that it really means that it is the desire for the forgiven man to succeed when he finds his way, he sees the light, and pity is given. This attitude is, of course, the opposite of what Jonah says, who did not like it when God told him that his sermon on the people of Nineveh would result in their repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but they asked forgiveness to be destroyed. How suicidal, cold-blooded as most Christian Christians, except that his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost like him! However, without repentance of the forgiven, no forgiveness he can get from a true Christian will do nothing good for him. In such a case, the only one who benefits is the true Christian himself!
