In New York, one man resides above all other, perhaps immortal doctors, Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is an oath of the protector of mankind, using magical powers to keep his brother and his rival, Kabbalah, connected so that he can not enslave the human race. Well, you would not know? The prophecy becomes true, and Kabal falls apart and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for their alchemy experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me with the kind permission of Charles Bond in the Comprehensive Archival Proceedings. I have not heard of it, which is a little strange because I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combse (Mordrid) and the film is not that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The film is certainly fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides music (which does not differ from all his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What more do you want? The cheese factor is, of course, high. I felt that much of the film was breaking off Dr. Comics. Strange. And blue cloaks were stupid. And plotting holes are everywhere (I could write at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kábal look suspiciously like a hammer and sickle? The stallion was never a strong actor, so he would fit into the cheese. These are not complaints. Full-fledged fans expect these things and devour them like dwarf grapes. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. If you are not a Full Moon fan or Jeffrey Combs fan ... you might want to look elsewhere. But if you like the styles of film and hairstyle in the early nineties, you will eat it. Fans Stallone and Schwarzenegger would like to see Brian Thompson as a villain looking greedy like ever before and unable to speak English for third level. I did. I would like there to be "Mordrid II", but the company that makes the sequel practically everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) He handed this over.
