I have to admit that Holly was not on the list at the Edinburgh Film Festival. However, after the art director of the festival explicitly recommended this film to more than 200 people before screening another film, I decided to look at it. Wow! <br /> <br /> This film deals with the very difficult problem of child prostitution and does so without any compromise. I found myself crying several times during the movie and laughing at the others. We are talking about an emotional roller coaster. Actor (Thuy Nguyen) is a Vietnamese novice (who was only 14 years old at the time of filming) and had to deal with this incredibly complex and difficult role. Keisha Castle-Hughes reminded me of the Whale Rider, but the role here is much more challenging because she has to play a baby prostitute. She is likely to have won many awards. The main story is about a girl she sold her prostitution with her family and who was acting as a sexual slave in a brothel in Cambodia. He meets with the American (played by Ron Livingston in a strong, dramatic role we are not used to), who, after spending some time with her, decides to help her. But at that time he resold, and he was looking for Cambodia. The story turns and twists, and the audience can never predict what will happen next. It performs strongly across the forum with a very interesting international cast. Udo Kier (very convincing as a sex tourist), Virgine Ledoyen (touched as a social worker) and Chris Penn (one of his last films). Asian cast was also excellent. Although the film deals with this difficult subject, it successfully focuses on telling a strong story. He was filmed in Cambodia (some scenes in real estate brothels), which gives you the feeling of almost watching the documentary. DP seems to have used a lot of handheld camera and close up and overall you felt like you were part of the story. <br /> <br /> After the screening, I listened to other listeners who left, and it seemed that everyone was amazed. It's not an easy movie to watch, and I greet the creators of not doing the "Hollywood film". It's by far the best movie I've ever seen at the Edinburgh Film Festival. A view shared by my husband and several other friends.
