"Holly" is the story of a young girl who was sold by a poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous K11 village of red light. Holly is expected to be sold for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends through gambling and bar fight. Patrick and Holly have an immediate link to their "stubbornness," but all this is disrupted when Holly is sold to a child trader and disappears. As filmmakers, we went to Patrick's attempt to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and wrong. "Holly" carries us through beautiful and harsh Cambodia when she finds out that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are abused and infringed each year without rights and protection. Holly is less extreme than it might imply, such as documents that include 4-year and sexual trafficking, but he has greatly illuminated Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking into prostitution. It is a moving story that helps to illuminate the terrible situation in which many children face and their struggle to trust and to realize what is right and wrong. Patrick, a film antagonist, is an American dealer of stolen artifacts, who also loses money and friends while playing cards and fighting. While on the road, his motorbike runs out of fuel, he is forced to rent a room at the brothel. During her stay she meets Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and abducted into slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. She discovers a clever, stubborn girl under traumatized exteriors and decides to save her - although their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappears, she begins the journey to follow her down without thinking if she can really help her. Holly is able to escape on the way to another brothel when he jumps out of the truck and heads into a field full of mines. The mine is taken out of the cow, and the truck driver thinks she is dead, and that's why Holly is alone. During Patrick's trip to find a wedding, he meets a social worker who tries to talk to him with some sense and shares with him the facts that chase the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply drives the demand, explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000. "I'm trying to save 60,000 people," she says. "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​getting her safe is quickly abandoned when a social worker tells him that the US will not allow him to accept, and although it takes five minutes for a child to "save", it takes five years to get her return to society again. Patrick is not influenced by this information and continues his efforts to find Holly. The audience is then shown that Holly is in a small town looking for food with other homeless children. She then made friends with local police officers who seemed to be a little better than bad guys when they sold her to another brothel and then made a deal with a Vietnamese merchant who then married her virginity. Holly then seems to think it's her fate, and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" of her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but is not discouraged in his plan to take her out of this world. Eventually she will steal her and bring her to a safe country in the comfort of a social worker. Holly gets fresh clothes if she feeds and goes into the dance class, but it's forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, escapes from a safe house and back on the street in Cambodia. Meanwhile, Patrick has decided to leave the country and run back to the United States or to stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly and visit the bar; the older man sees the image he holds and comments on his sexual taste when he has sex with her. It upset Patrick and he attacks the men and runs out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick is captured by the police in Holly's eyes, hiding behind the pole. "Holly" can bring audiences to give money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor young people, and even a campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weakness of the film may reduce the chance of seeing enough people to change. Overall, I think that this concept is better than a document and not as concerned as a movie. The actors tried to show their raw emotions and the real confusion of the young people affected by this life but ultimately the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate views of parents selling their children to keep their own starvation do nothing to help children's situations .
