After having enjoyed this show for years, I figured I could see them again and share them with my grandchildren. I'm so glad to pay a small amount of money for the memories I've found on DVDs. Florida was a caregiving mother with a loving, hard-working husband, one of her estranged beautiful daughters, and two sons that differed as day and night. Michael, son of a child is a free walker and JJ is a clown. I know that many Afro-Americans did not like this show, but I know that many can follow up and have to accept it as it is. My heart was sad when I discovered that Ester Rolle had gone through. Tyler Perry is the lead actress actress today, and I support his work, but not so much, since since then, Rolle's cruel mockery has taken place in one of his games. No one would have to hear about the physical appearance of ugly things. The show began to be less interesting when Daddy James died. It rose a bit when Florida married again but declined when she left the show. The whole show was great and I'm glad I own a copy of my past. I'm trying to keep up with the work of the former Good Times stars and I have to say that they are one group that has not been ruined by the rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and have no problem sitting and watching with children. I congratulate the writers, the crew and the stars for years of restored memories of time, which I can enjoy again without having to skip the scenes. OK, so I watched the shows over and over again. I have recently noticed what caused me to re-evaluate the series but did not love them. I think Florida was a little harsh when it came to the money that children did. Not that the children do not need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Florida's parenting different. The scenes where Florida had to talk about how the other people are looking very well are now bothering me. When James was alive, she stepped out of James, who wanted her own Fix-it business, but she never saw her family out of projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a repair shop. A little faint to the actor who was due to end up in the Good Times and showed he had done everything he was trying to do. Finally, when I look at the shows, I see that the series is approaching overtime and is renamed "JJ". To be true, James left everything that was mostly about JJ. It's not a bad thing, it's just an obvious thing. I will not trade my DVD for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience have begun to control your eyes after some time.
