Like The Jeffersons, the Good Times was one of those classical American sitcoms that had never been broadcast in the UK, not to mention that it was released in the 1970s - a decade when I was not yet born. <br /> <br /> But like most fans of the show I watched a few episodes on You Tube - and then I liked it. The Evans family is headed by James and Florida - two parents are trying to make ends meet and who, despite lack of qualifications, encourage their children who have their own desires in life to fulfill and use their abilities. James was a strict but loving dad who did not dare to hesitate in J.J., Michael, and Thelma's discipline-if they crossed the border. While Florida was, on the other hand, a just, loving and considerate mother and loving wife, although in many ways similar to James in terms of their attitudes to parenthood and family values ​​from the African-American perspective. <br /> <br /> The children were just as lively and fun as their parents: JJ was an aspiring artist with goofy personages and a crazy sense of humor who would often wear multicolored clothing and whose "DY-NO-MITE" catching phrase is equally infectious and known as "Whatchoo Speaking" by Arnold Jackson about Willis? from Diff'rent Strokes. Michael was an intelligent alley who dreams of becoming a lawyer, while Sister Thelma had her own dreams and hopes. Her verbal fairy tales with JJ were mostly cheerful, as did the relationship of love and hatred between brother and sister, which played exceptionally well both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis. few performances, especially Janet Jackson, Debbie Allen and young Gary Coleman as herself! I actually prefer good times to say: The Cosby Show, which was the 80th year, because I a) favored Evans's family on Huxtables in terms of a) characterization and b) how I felt it solved serious and difficult social problems, , which resonated with many audiences. It was a comedy, but it was also a social commentary aimed at emphasizing the lives of the working class, Afro-Americans in the 1970s. Cosby Show attempted to procure a mainstream audience in "bonbon paint" because the Huxtables were portrayed as blacks who easily adapted to the top American culture we would associate with white, while Good Times was much more "edgier" and did not worry about solving themes such as drug and child abuse, in a realistic way. I really found that while the The Cosby Show may be fun to watch sometimes, it lacked a bit of "sassiness" that Good Times had and which made it trendy and cooler. The exhibition jumped the shark during the last few seasons, as John Amos continued, James died in an unfortunate accident (in fact, it was known at the time when John left the Good Times for good.) And so his death was written as it is at the show ). Without John, the show suffered and, unfortunately, she lost a lot of her spell. <br /> <br /> However, for comedy, Good Times has checked all the right boxes. If they showed it in the UK during the 1980s. As surely as JJ said, "DY-NO-MITE !!" <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 and a half
