When people think of the center of Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditky and Da Bears, Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox who broke the curse in 2005, or Michael Jordan and his six championships (and MVP Finals) with Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation, people think of the fighting side of Chicago, ghettos, drug-infested streets, and life in urban housing projects during the 1970s. One of the most impressive TV events and pioneering sitcom was "Good Time," which I remember being a small child on CBS, and I regularly look forward to TV Land. "Good Times" was another classic by Norman Lear, the producer who gave us the "Jeffersons", the best African-American sitcom of all time, and "All in the Family" is the greatest show of all time. "Good times" brought fear from the ghetto and urban housing projects, and they did it with spells, well-written and thoughtful drawings and some amazing action, especially the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the accompanying cast were also quite good, especially sometimes popular Janet Jackson in the early years, and Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans the youngest son whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and he must learn to stand his two legs . <br /> <br /> The oldest of JJ's children played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat out of place on this show and is mainly there for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12 years old, although he looks like a guy in his early twenties. J.J. gets annoying, and it's credit to the often ugly James Evans (Amos) that he never tells J.J. get your own life, get a job and get out of the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, he is never serious to get a college education, or more importantly, to get the family to work to help support a household that is just above welfare. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of the Good Times were where Janet Jackson has 104 fever and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical help because he can afford nothing but a doctor who is very professional but does not want to give a family of projects more attention than it has legally. The second episode is the one in which James Evans can not afford rent at a low price of $ 104 a month. Evans is about to get the biggest family barriers because he's dropped out of projects where he has no place to go. Florida Evans goes to the social service center to try to get a loan or grant to help her family. The government, however, does not consider her family to be poor because she has more than $ 4,200 in property for a family of five who is unjustly but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the kids want to pay for money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how terrible their dissatisfaction is. Finally, the family finds a solution that will keep their heads above the water. "Good Times", a classic show from the 1970s, is about keeping your head above the water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard in menial jobs to try to bring their children right and avoid a social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the sitcom's message as a toddler in the 1970's when I first broadcast to CBS, but I really enjoyed reruns on TV Land in 2006. The Good Times is one of the classic sitcoms on the back of the day.
