Forbidden planet is a kind of sci-fi, which is valuable in the cinema, especially since the 1950s. There was a day when the Earth was still a World War but we should not forget this jewel that took a Shakespeare story The Tempest to tell the story of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor on it that has made a remarkable breakthrough. It is a kind of breakthrough that is not so incredible that he looks at it (although for 1956 it looks quite amazing when we look at some of those sets and the gigantic machine the doctor creates), but with an emphasis on characters and his the themes of technology adopted by the far more primitive side of human nature, even though we do not know that we have directed it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - that's the first ten minutes - it looks standard by acting a bit more professionally acting and managing with better skills than the B-movies of the time. The astronaut ship is on a mission on the Altair-4 planet to bring an expedition that disappeared decades ago. But only one of them is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, somehow resisting the attack that left everyone else. Morbius seems to be a hearty and highly intelligent person, and his technology looks so impressive that the only thing the astronauts led by Skipier (Leslie Nielsen) can think, is to report back to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something kills the crew of the ship, one by one, every night, even when others look around and then build an invisible electric fence that invisible something goes easily. While there is some romance between the Captain and Alara, the doctor's eager atmosphere is: you should not come to the planet and now you have to go. What's going on is still fascinating, just on a purely intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that its viewers should also have fun with this story and at the same time get some useful ideas. While everyone can remember Robbie's robot, and for good reason, it is the most memorable picture for me to see the monster on the screen with the fact that the fire does not leave, revived by the red electricity and looks so furious that it looks like Fantasia. </ p> <p style = "text-align: left;"> Pidgeon's acting is gentle: he would not expect you to be a villain, although something is in character and in performance that speaks to, more complex than we expected. And the other performances are working, but also superb, from Nielsen as the born Holliman leader who provides comic relief as Cook (which I should add, helping with one of the funniest scenes in the movie with those bourbon liters Robbie provides). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (today also sophisticated in a nostalgic pulp path) and the music made by electronics is beautiful in his "tones". But in the end, it is a scenario and a careful direction from Hilcox, which puts this shot over the rest of the B-movie. When it's funny, it's deliberate and it works. When it's dramatic, it joins pretty well even in its tight moments with actors. And when we think of a terrible situation, it progresses gradually, with nuances, not embossed into our faces or injected mega-actions. An inspiration for many other sci-fi movies, and a fine marker of encouraging sci-fi stories and old books, is a classic and fun classic.
