I should say that there are many, many things I love at the "Forbidden Planet" at the beginning, and yes, I certainly think this is a "classic" science fiction film for many reasons. But the appropriation that I have received over the years is, in my view, a bit overtaken. Among other things, Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet ..." is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of his genre. " Ambitious? Undoubtedly. Intelligent? It depends on what part of the movie you are talking about. It was definitely the most prestigious and highly-favored science fiction. For a price of almost $ 2 million (1956, remember), MGM pulled out all the stops to create a dazzling, eye-exhaustive space adventure that, unlike anything seen on the big screen, was previously unsealed, even for studio artists Disney for some more complex special effects. "Charming" is not usually the word used to describe special effects in science fiction films, but it is the one that fits best here. Even the dreaded "Monster from the Id" is just a well-drawn cartoon character of Disney people who unlikely scares anyone over eight years old. When I see different sets and notes art design, models, costumes, etc., I remind myself of anything like the "Sorcerer of Oz," with its gorgeous colors and complicated, not always always convincing effects. To these movies, so much work has begun that one tends to smile in an effort to admire whatever it takes. "Prohibited Planet" is a wonderful look. The scenes take place on distinct scenic sets that are beautifully decorated, mature images of planets and background space, and intricately designed miniature sand dunes, and so on, to provide the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most productive scene you've ever seen. The most reliable and convincing scenes are probably those in the massive Krell complex, where the shots that show the tremendous depth and breadth of this interior, well-made and plausible. But then we get to the actors. The performances are almost uniformly horrible, although in fairness it has to be said that the dialogue has almost never exceeded the humor of the box-office adolescents, with the exception of some passages of a barely adequate scientific technical bar. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to giving such a swinging performance, it's sometimes ugly. Very young Leslie Nielsen plays as commander of the J.J. Adams, and does not represent credibility or belief throughout the movie. He seems to have instinctively known, thirty years earlier, that his true fortress consisted of comedy, for it seemed that he only seemed unable to keep a straight face recited to him. Every forced response, whether it's anger or passion or serious meditation, looks directly from the college game. Anne Francis, also very young, likes a bit like an allegedly innocent Alta that we have to believe has never seen another human man than her father before the crew of the spacecraft appears. (Alta Morbius, now it's the name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis looks like a virgin and naive like Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8.' There's a good story, somewhere under the buried remarks of crew crew about Alta, and another juvenile subplot about Earl Holliman Cookie's cook. (Holliman also turns into a terrible performance, I guess all of these actors went directly from this film to the acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest," a dead race story, Krell and the fantastic world of machines left them what most people thinks of a "Forbidden Planet", and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there you can forget the rest of the film and be dazzled by the Disney artists' concept of the underground Krell complex. Just exhaust the rest of the film's flaws? You have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course it's Robby Robot, every ten-year idea of ​​what a robot should look like and talk. He is funny. In places. So "forbidden planet" for me is a very, very mixed bag. He deserves to be an inspiration for the whole wave of science fiction films and TV shows that followed, of which, last but not least, Star Trek. But I suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than well-presented sci-fi comics will come back and watch it again.
