Just like everyone else in this forum, when the "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I was rushed to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon I suggest, because young, old men, women, scientists, and people who "make a trip" can watch and enjoy the story of this film and draw the lines very well. , which was based on a planet other than the Earth in the 20th century, except for serials like Flash Gordon. Leslie Nielsen was a bit weak for his role at that time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman, and Warren Stevens in particular, have become very liberated, with so many visual beauties, it's hard to choose a favorite movie scene . Access to the Altair-4, the spacecraft itself, landing on a strange face of the planet, descending the stairs, first glance at the landscape, access to a rocket sleigh, Dr. House Morbius seen from the inside and outside, the underground complex and its wonders, the setting of the weapon, the monster battle, the ultimate approach of the invisible destroyer, the escape from the doomed planet - all of these scenes are etched into the mind of the viewer because we have discovered them together with the participants. The funny script of Cyril Hume's veteran was intelligently shot by longtime director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. it's a shock that you realize that there is no music at all; the movie is borne by words, actors and mystery-revealing storyline. It can be watched over and over with pleasure - I've done it in almost fifty years. Until this famous and beloved film was created, no film attempted to visualize the world beyond the borders of the Earth; and for decades the ships have crashed on the planet - as if the writers did not seem to be able to make a crash. Still the best, many say. It says something negative about the imaginations of the so-called intellectual leaders of this nation - and something really positive about what I suggest about those who created this gem.
