When you think of sci-fi movies from the 1950s, they think they are some sort of black and white B movies that were parodied at the old Mystery Science Theater 3000. Even though there were a lot more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not great, sci-fi movies like The Day Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of Body Hijackers, War Worlds, and Things From Another World. Still, the best of the pile, for its literacy and productive value, was undoubtedly the first major advent of MGM at The Forbidden Planet science fiction, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox, featuring the most up-to-date special effects, and received a very good script from Cyril Hume from the screen called Fatal Planet, from Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted the aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest. > <br /> The film was shot when released due to its special effects nominated for the Oscar, all electronic music scenes from Louis and Bebe Barron (although they were as electronic tonalities to avoid music club fees), vivid matte paintings - inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by Joshua Meadore animated by Walt Disney Studios. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby Robot, in his first role in film or television. Later, he appears in the movie Invisible Boy - included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several performances in the 1960s scifi TV shows The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - whose own robot is often confused and portrayed in the Gremlins movie 1984. The story is simple, but elegantly built and filled with humorous parties that have been quenched by the forced story of a love story in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was once the leading person in front of his police) is on his way to the planet Altair IV to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew sent to the planet twenty years earlier. On an annual journey, they meet the lonely party survivor, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), prosperous Prosper philosopher, beautiful blonde daughter Altaire (Anne Francis) - Miranda's figure in a miniskirt before 1960, and Robby Robot, a domestic servant who is a Caliban counterpart . Morbius warns the crew of the mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in the first year but was immune to her? Overall, this is a technically good film, especially with some back projections and dull paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to the exploitation of Timmy and Robby bordering on surrealist absurdity in Dalian. Still, it is obvious that the filmmakers have no sense of the ridiculous absurdity that the film radiates because it is playing straight, making it even more fun. As for the main function? The forbidden planet deserves all its fate. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours and far better than the Star Wars, which twenty years later seems very obsolete and youthful. Only films such as 2001: Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien, and Aliens, and the first two Terminator movies, have actually matched or surpassed this class in depth and effect. It is necessary to know that despite the "happy end" of Forbidden Planet, there is a possibility that MOTI is still asleep within Alta. After all, she is the daughter of her father, and she had a more vivid nightmare than her father when MOTI attacked the ship a second time. Also, the film wisely "shows" MOTI once, and never displays the Krel because imagination can always cause more fear than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative elips to condense the story, which is much more realistic art films that they can not often do. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define but exceed its periods - unlike other scifi films, which were more likely to be an allegory of the Cold War. Watch it, and you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But even if it was not, there is still Anna Francis' scene. This in itself is timeless.
