Forbidden planets are a landmark in science fiction, they remain carefully in the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while playing with images and images of the current 50s. Morbius's unique home is a model of a modern design with open spaces that protrude into the carved gardens, swimming pool and perfect home appliance: the Robby Robot. "A dream in the home!" calls the captain after lunch and demonstrates the robot's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. Also revealing the 1950s: Frueh psychology is explained in Id, while Morbius rejects it as an obsolete concept. In the fight with invisible monster and life on a plate is the touch of the Pacific War. Perhaps the most up-to-date is atomic fear that science is an enemy, and arrogant scientists will unwittingly destroy their blind search for knowledge. Still, the suburban drama introduced by Forbidden Planet looks uniquely fresh science fiction. They are not knights or heroes, but ordinary sailors who pass through the galaxy with the passion and honesty of the serviceman. Good guys drive a flying saucer, and strangers are so long gone that we do not even know what they look like - though their music - the "atmospheric tonality" Bebe and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today. The views of the Morbius are truly extraterrestrial, with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The interior of the plate is just this side of Buck Rogers. There's a lot of visuals. Although we have fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a brain film, slow and dark. He works at many levels at once: a hard sci-fi against space adventure, a philosophical versus domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all the space interviews, soldiers are dressed in a golf course. Morbius's mortal discovery is a modest educational facility, a school building. The most interesting is Morbius' daughter Altair. She had never seen a man before that, that the crew was inexorably forward. She is a teenage post-Madonna who designs her own costume in the cosmic age and uses every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a household replica. The men who watch the movie might see her as a naive girl in a minidress, but every woman knows there's no such naive girl on the minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating Leut with kisses. Unfortunately, we never know if he is "working" because he suspects because the captain interrupts and becomes more interesting for her attention. It's a character that makes an important change in the movie. She was shocked that her father compared a dead doctor with other "emblems" on her landing party, turning away from her father, her home, to leave with sailors on Earth. It is this act of defiance, the maturity that sends the morbidity of Morbius on the edge, allegorically destroying its creator as well as thousands of centuries before Karel. Krell might have had teenage daughters ...?
