All I knew about this movie before he saw it was Robby Robot. My prejudice was that it was different in a long line of cheesy science fiction films that were known in the 1950s. How bad I was. The big studio, the big budget and the great production value make him a strong aspirant, at least visually, for the best sci-fi film that dates back to the time. I am talking about the word, because the "World War" is much darker and more terrifying than the "Forbidden Planet", and probably better suited it as an intrusion into a foreign territory. What impressed me immediately was the colorful rendering of cinematography, followed by the complexity and breadth of details that took place in the home and the laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But it was just a prelude to the cake frosting, the labyrinthine underground that served as the Krell fortress. Krell seemed to be even more advanced than saying "Star Wars." Which made me consider the viewers for this film back when released was probably sitting in the same kind of wonder that the goers' viewers experienced in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "strangers". Watching on a large-screen TV in my living room gave me the same effect and I'm relatively resistant to over-excitement. It's not a long stretch of imagining "Forbidden Planet" as a direct precursor to the Star Trek series; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a big influence on his idea of ​​the show. The followers of this short-lived series can easily recognize the elements used in Star Trek. I had to make a double hit when the men from the United Planets C57-V were heading into the transport room, while the joke that Robby imagined that made it impossible to react was an element that had been used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> Where the film definitely made a brain transformation, it had to do with the whole idea of ​​'Id monsters'. The fact that Morbius himself used his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956 when every other sci-fi flick of time dealt with Martian or other grotesque cosmic creatures. This movie helped me understand that Morbius was a protector of Altair IV before Adams commander (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. year 2200 is not that far. This movie may be the one that really gets it right in relation to exploration and life on other planets. But I think they will have to come up with Robby, who looks smoother.
