A flying crew (literally) crew of about 20 male space explorers travels hundreds of millions of light years away from Earth to look at a colony founded 25 years ago on a "forbidden planet." What they find is a robot that is more advanced than anything that can be imagined on Earth, a beautiful and totally socially awkward young woman and her father, hermit philologist, haunted more than the demons of the old civilization that she had submerged. <br /> <br /> On the surface, this story is the secret of murderous scifi murder. Some compare it to Shakespeare's Tempest, but that's a stretch, and in some ways an insult to the sci-fi genre. Removed from what makes him a scifi movie, of course, his "The Tempest," but how many hundreds of movies can you say something like that? <br /> <br /> Below is a warning story of progress and technology and social development necessary for its proper and safe use. Still, the film continues with all the hopes for our future, which we expected from shows like Star Trek. Anne Francis is not the only reason why this movie is best described as beautiful. The special effects and even the aesthetics of the backdrops are so strong that the non-inspirational direction and unevenness are almost unimaginable. If it was not for retro-art-deco-ness science fiction props of the 1950s, maybe you think you watched the work of the 1960s. <br /> <br /> This is a classic of this very special genre Scientists wanted to say sci-fi in the 1950s and, in my opinion, the best one is certainly to be seen for anyone interested in science fiction movies and special effects. The clever plot, which is now emerging from repeated use in six or seven episodes of Star Trek, Lost in Space and even Farscape, is worth paying attention to and supporting the interest of most scifi fans. Trekking will be particularly interested in the various aspects of the film that seem to inspire the themes of the old Star Trek series broadcast about 12 years later, although they may be disappointed with the (relatively moderate) sexism of the 1950s and the lack of any kind of racial integration. While I do not intend to hide, the lack of social progress in this film has been one of the major issues I have had with it. Some of them will probably see this film simply capturing young, good-looking Leslie Nielsen in one of his first major roles. Nielsen's performance, unfortunately, is only average and sometimes bad (especially at the height of the film). Walter Pigeon, although he is very good in other films, also takes on his role. Francis, Earl Holliman, and the awesome Robby Robot are great actors in this crowd, although overall actors performing a set perform a good job. The problems with these performances are, in my view, the same mistake of the director and editor as anything else. Although they certainly got most of the movie in order.
