It is a movie that has everything, a temperamental hero, a beautiful girl in distress, a noble figure with a tragic defect and a really awesome robot. The forbidden planet keeps its special magic over the years and loses its appetite for repeated viewing (although the sexual attraction of the young Anna Francis helps greatly). <br /> <br /> The film fans will recognize young Leslie Nielsen portraying the handsome and heroic Commander Adams, though those of us who like him in comedic roles may be a little surprised to appear in a serious role. Significant and noble Walter Pidgeon is also featured as a mystery scientist (Id). Another supportive cast deserves a nod, especially Warren Stevens as a wise and inventive "doctor" and, of course, the spells of Miss Francis, as noted above. This film was an early pioneer in using electronic music in the 1950s, no less. Loans call them "tonality," but those of us who have attempted to combine the older versions of the "Theremin" equipment will recognize the mysterious and scary cords and bits sometimes used on the soundtrack. Yet it borrows the image of the exotic and extraterrestrial landscape of the mysterious and forbidding world Krell. Special effects are also quite arrests. I remember my fear as a young man, waiting for another speech of the invisible "Id" monsters, and when he was eventually shown on one battle scene, I literally shook my fingers in amazement and respect. The magic of matte art is fully utilized in the dizzying scenes of the Krell science complex, as the characters go through various labyrinths and passages led by the mysterious Dr. Morbius. the degree of jealousy that Dr. Morbius would have such a cool toy in the form of Robby Robot. The Robby person is pretty charming and in some ways seems to be more human than some other characters. Viewers from subsequent shows such as Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize the recycled Robby element in some of these episodes, even though I remember never having the "personality" of the original Robby. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not fully understand the complexity of the conspiracy until I was old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the danger of unleashing the hidden and normally contained fears and anger we carry inside but we trained the power of will by immersion and control by observing social codes. Although the key story seems to be revealed, Dr. Morbius was unknown (or perhaps deliberately overlooked) until a clearly thoughtful commander, Adams, made clear to Dr. Morbius to face the evil within himself. He still gives me the turtles when Commander Adams pulls Dr. Morbius down in front of Krell, who has been given the superior intellect that has opened the flood gates of his subconscious mind to the power of Krell: "Here is where your mind was knowingly lacking the power to control the Big Machine, but your subconscious was strong enough. "The forbidden planet remains probably my most popular science fiction film, and it remains timeless and classic for its carefully crafted story and wonderful visualization and realization on the screen.
