I first saw this movie when it came out. I was about 9 years old. old and found this movie as very fun and very frightening and unlike other films I've seen so far. BASIC PLOT: The expedition is sent from Earth to the fourth planet Altair, the great star of the main constellation in the constellation Aquilae, to find out what happened to the settlers' colony that landed twenty years ago and has not been audible ever since. TOPIC: Lower civilization (namely ours) comes into contact with the remnants of a very advanced foreign civilization, Krell - 200,000 years removed. The "seed" of destruction from one civilization is passed on to another, first unconscious. The theme of this movie is very good and bad. <br /> <br /> I first saw this movie with my brother when he first appeared. I was just a boy, and the scene of tigers really scared me, just like fighting scenes with invisible Creation. I was also amazed at how the real things looked in the movie. What really attracts my attention as an adult is the truth of the film "forbidden knowledge," and how important it will be if we do (if ever) come into contact with advanced (alien) civilization much more advanced than we do today. Advanced technology and responsibility seem to go hand in hand. We have to do the work ourselves to gain knowledge along with wisdom on how to use advanced technologies. This is, in my opinion, the great morale of the film. I learned in a college school that "knowledge is power" is, in the best case, really bad! Knowledge is a "potential" power depending on how it is applied (... if it is applied at all.) [Not what you know but what you use!] <br /> <br /> The overall impact this film can sometimes be realized in the future of a human being. It's knowledge and it's not enough, we must, MUST have the wisdom that knowledge depends on real control of our own axis OR we end up like Krell in the movie - just blinked out. <br /> <br /> Thank you to those who responded to earlier versions of this article with comments and fixes, they are all highly appreciated! I hope you enjoyed this story just like I've been in the last 40+ years .... Rating: 10 out of 10 stars
