I'm always so frustrated that most science fiction movies are really intergalactic western or war drama. Even star wars that are visually brilliant have one of their central images, a futuristic "gang that could not shoot straight". Imagine that you came to about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them had an open shot and were missing. I have read a lot of science fiction and wished there were other films for the philosophical man. The forbidden planet, one of the oldest genres, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long, defunct civilization, Krelova, who created machines that could increase the intelligence of any being by quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what has not been said is that the brain is the center of thoughts other than intellectuals. The primary aspect of the brain, id, as Freud called it, is not allowed to check. He is released in sleep, a bad dream comes to physical existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who has lifted his brain at this stage and built machines and defenses that keep him one step farther from the horrors of the outpours of his own mind. His thoughts create horrors that will soon be impossible to defend. Krell, a much better species, could not stop; destroyed them. The landing page has never been a great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and she would definitely do a complete reaction in the 50s of a teenage man. Her father's angry worsens her innocence and astronauts from the 1950s (because they are more like construction workers than real astronauts). He always tries to find "ladies". Chef is a great figure, with his obsession with hoocha. Robbie Robot has a lot more personalities than most crew and one asks if Mr. Spock may not be a mental companion to the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is a star. Morbius can not come back, so he's destroying himself and everything with him. There are only a few science fiction films that are worth seeing more than once; it does not matter which one can live right into the 21st century.
