In the dark, My Sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with stinking characters, dirty paths and, of course, sweaty characters. It seems that most of the really big nights of the last two or three decades took place in the south, where the men shine, and the ladies also shine. Why? Because it's hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better wet (at least men do - sweaty women leave me annoyance). <br /> <br /> Anyway - there may be some spoilers. This film is a great example of everything that should be noir - stable stimulation (although some with attention distortions refer to it as "slow"), clearly and widely drawn (though not simple) characters and tons of atmosphere. Noir, if nothing, is about moods and attitudes. That's why the big ones are not marked by your traditional definitions of "great" acting (see Bogart, Mitchuma, Hurt and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were different than real - but they had style and sadness and crime, which is exactly what you want). or fast-growing adventures (again, all the great nights appear to be on slow burning like a cigarette). The big nobles create an environment and you just live with the characters for a couple of hours. <br /> <br /> After Dark My Sweet do it - and let yourself enjoy the company of very interesting and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Collie are interesting - they never allow viewers to know what he really does - and Patric and Dern (I like Bruce Derna by the way) are perfect, especially Dern (see previous comment). They take the basic contours of the character and give them the depth and evoke our sympathy. <br /> <br /> The story itself is also interesting. There are better lands in the world of noir (almost no secrets here - mostly it's tension), but this is solid. If anything like that, the "okay" plot has more to do with writing Jim Thompson than anything else. With Thompson, the land is almost secondary; he avoided a labyrinth about the stories of Hammett and Chandler about simpler stories with stronger and more vague characters. See the novel as The Killer Inside Me and you'll see right now (by name) what it all means. As for Thompson, it's not about what's going on, so it's about it (quoting Roger Ebert). So, really, a relatively simple plot of kidnapping is not a reason, and if you do not like it, even jokes on you. <br /> <br /> Why is this an 8-star movie, rather than a 10-star, is due to female leadership. It's not bad, in itself, but it's not about Angelika Huston or Anette Benning (see Jim Thompson's The Grifters adaptation if you do not know what I'm talking about - besides, it's a better movie and you should start there for a modern noir - it's the best of 1990s and Blood Simple Challenges for Best of Chinatown). She just does not have cats (or this one looks like) and although she and Patric have some chemistry, I do not have it with me. So there.
