I think "Anyway ..." is a movie. Really. Tom Barman spent so many years doing it, and it shows: every scene is polished, it makes sense ... I think we mostly agree. One thing that people criticize is the "lack of" the story. I am afraid that this is the effect of constantly suppressing "traditional" narratives. I mean, what you can achieve with a book that you can not achieve with a movie that you can achieve with a movie can not do this by telling a friend. The problem is that we are so accustomed to movies, serials, ... being just a filmed version of the story; visual recording of events - as well as when you look at news - that each movie has these epic features: a powerful story with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see television, news, movies, series, ... very unusual things, situations once in a lifetime. And here in "Anyway ..." are unusual events, but not in the same "Hollywood Big Blast", how: the fighter shoots, joins together, steals the car ... and, of course, the usual things. And it is strong: it is simply possible to appreciate everything, that universe, that is art. And I agree that, in particular, what can only be achieved in films is the central position of the atmosphere created by the result and shooting. But not as in traditional visual films (visual blocks like the Matrix); serves characters and remains deeply human. I think that in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And he does not make sense with this movie, as if he "taught" us something; and has no big story with incredible scenarios. It just shows everyday people everyday life, shows the city, everything with good and bad pages and says: that's us, it's our city, that's life, so enjoy it. So, basically, "Not even ..." is not just the super groovy movie, but it has a much stronger "message" (not clear, maybe not intended) than most of the films it really wants to convey. One disadvantage: we'll have to wait five years now to look at the other barman pik, and everyone expects so much of it ...
