WRITTEN TO SCIENCE, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all the films of the mid 50's Sirk - a pure melodrama. Yet it is a breathtaking, richly developed melodrama and Sirkova trademark furious color expressionism, vibrant, barely suppressed emotions, symbolism, and class comparison make this film a craving. The film opens brilliantly, with four central characters and the conspiracy is introduced as the credits are still moving. Sirk uses the clever look of feedback that takes us to his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are gorgeous as two children, "Hadley", Kyle and Marylee. She drinks and sleeps with women. He drinks and sleeps with men. Both of them cost millions, thanks to Hadley Oil. Hunky, yet poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend and Marylee's dream lover. Join this sad mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slender and attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's spell after taking her phone once and flying her through the countryside. Mitch loves her but Kyle wins her. He quickly marries and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written on the wind and it's not long for Marylee (who will have "Mitch", marriage or no marriage), secretly killing Mitch, confused Lucy and sad drunk Kyle. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just as cool as Marylee Hadley, she deserves her best actress Oscar actress. He steals every scene he's in. The stack is almost as good, it strengthens the melodrama while still maintaining a soft and quiet despair. Hudson and Bacall are far more restrained than the two, but that's consistent with the characters they play. So what is this melodrama really about? Well, a lot of things. Stack's powerful portrait of male scarcity and fear for one thing. Sirk surrounds the magazine with fake symbols throughout the film - realizing that his small small pistol, oil stoppers and the highest phallic symbol, Kyle's seeming inability to imagine children. The stack seems to suffer from a massive complexion of masculine superiority, a deteriorated father's preference for Hudson, the sister's desire for Hudson, and his suspicion that his wife continues with Hudson. With all of these wealth, Kyle Hadley still ends up at the wrong end of the city and buys cheap corn liquor as a "bum". It's probably impossible dreams and I have to leave them. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch were playing at the time they were children is constantly referenced throughout the film, symbolizing Kyle and, in particular, Marylee's wish for innocence and simplicity of youth. In the excellent melodramatic scene Malone has completely pulled away, Marylee stands by the river and looks back like a child, with the voice that Mitch tells Marylee to always be his girlfriend. This is where Sirk will hit the audience with a huge emotional chord. Who did not dream about returning to this special place in childhood? Who did not get valuable memory at some point? Who did not want something they could not have? Hudson's last line of the movie (yes, he has no dialogue in the last ten minutes, just close up) remembers how "we are far from the river, Marylee." Amazing.
