"Written in the Wind" was an incredibly successful universal picture. It could be done only by Douglas Sirk, a man who saw the possibilities in the material he was given. Based on Robert Wilder's popular novel and adaptation by George Zuckerman, all elements that create excellent melodrama: nymphomania, great oil wealth, alcoholism, incest, and a gentle touch of homosexuality. Mr. Sirk set the stage for what would later be in the soap opera genre, especially "Dallas" and "Dynasty", just to mention two. The fact is that this movie was shot entirely inside the studio. Most decorations are fake. Like many of those films from the 1950s, "Written on the Wind" was filmed entirely in the studio. Just look at the scenes to be held in Manhattan, or in Miami, or even on the lake, you can see how the landscape is painted. Mr. Sirk could not worry about realism if he could tell the story in his own way. Recently, we've captured the screening, part of Mr Sirk's animation, where people laughed in the most dramatic moments, especially in those scenarios where Rock Hudson, who plays good Mitch Wayne, appears. There is also something graphical in the sense that Robert Keith, who plays Patriarch Jasper Hadley, and later his own daughter, the evil Marylee, caresses the oil sphere that decorates the older man's desk, a sort of phallic art subject. Douglas Sirk probably wanted his actor to get top performance, which makes sense for Dorothy Malone to portray Marylee Nymphomania and to some extent also Robert Stack, who survives as Kyle, the heinous heir of the story. This would probably be an easy explanation of what is happening on the screen. The only thing that seems normal is Lauren Bacall, who has not been asked to make her character Lucy Moore look like anything other than an embedded person caught on a bad crowd. Together with his other Hollywood films, "Written for the Wind", he shows the genius of a talented director who gave the public only what they wanted to see: bigger than life stories that were only seen on the big screen
