I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To take into account the comments of the previous reviewer, the claustrophobic feeling and the colors of the film, I feel quite deliberate and expresses the feeling of limited space, silly architecture, the total stupidity that makes up the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. A slightly shabby project of living style is how I described it, and that's how many people live on the edge of bigger cities. I can not say that I met Bucharest, Romania, where the event evolved, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student on the semester, my whole group had to drag the luggage for seven stories down the stairs of the shabby student dormitory as well as the heroine when moving with a woman because the elevators did not work. However, I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and muted colors are exaggerated because there are certainly beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you will find in Bucharest or in the historical center of the city of Eastern Europe. There is no record in this film in Bucharest. For me, watching this movie is well-known claustrophobia that I feel during my six-month stay, feeling imprisoned and limited. (See why someone would like to move in and find a better life as well as people if they are hoping to escape the city ghetto of the United States.) Also, given the atmosphere of homophobia, say, in the 1980s in the US, two young women who they fall in love with each other, they are forced to keep their love a very private affair; and therefore focus on their interaction in the apartment. It is, in my opinion, remarkable and praiseworthy that this dark film was even filmed in Romania, and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about poor film quality uninformed and patronizing. It is unlikely that the director and the producer were drumming considerable support from the government and financing of their film and doing their best with their possibly limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; the dialogue was generally well done and I could identify with these women. The film offers an additional shot of forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, energetic, entertaining loving free spirit with a dark and disturbing mystery (her admiration and love of an annoying, incestuous Sandu brother) falls in love with Alexandra, a clear, book, idealistic young woman, who moves to Bucharest and starts studying at college. Opposites attract and their personality complement each other, although the ambitious, cold intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who appears to be attending college, will please her parents. The preservation of their hidden love from their parents seems to be manageable, even though we have no sense of tension that it requires, nor can we see or meet with any other student - hardly believable - and the tension maintaining their secret love should be connected. The main threat to their love is brother Kiki and her troubles in trying to worsen the relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the power she needs to finally suppress this bond or do she? This is what the tension on the film focuses on how the story is told, and I will not say how it closes. Ironically, Kiki love "illness" is not love for another woman, but her illegitimate, inquisitive love to her brother. So, a loving woman offers a potential cure for a sibling love affair. <br /> <br /> Although this feeling of this film is suppressive and claustrophobic, too limited to interaction between Kiki and Alexandra, he was still interested and moving to watch, so I will give him 7.
