At an Oscar ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her terrifying image of a spoiled heiress of the Texan oil tycoon in THE WORLD WRITTEN. The 1956 diver, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, was a true circus with three circles representing alcoholism, greed, impotence, and nymphomania. Malone's performance, as Marylee Hadley, a lonely rich girl, calmed down the pain of refusing to be a child, was a representative of the film as a whole. Glamorous observation, even if it is the melodrama of the "smallest common denominator," is WONDERFUL, to be ultimately the work of one man, the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk, emigrant of the Weimar prewar war in Germany, the European Theater Heritage for Hollywood career. Sirk became a very reliable director of university studies in 1950, particularly with Ross Hunter's SCIENTIFIC OBSESSION productions, ALL THOSE DANGER AND IMMUNITY OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work beyond the limitations of universal entertainment fun and to create another "sensational" product for adults, from there the sad WIND and its sequel, from 1957 TARNISHED ANGELS, which were released under the universal Universal International banner. Somebody thinks why Sirk did not follow more sublime themes, but apparently directed these exaggerated dramas that were more different than his artistic sensitivity. WORDS OF SCIENCE can be considered Sirko's epic solo opera; In fact, it is so overwhelming with human vulnerability and neurosis as depicted among the very rich that it is equally urgent to follow any real life of domestic plot between the rich and the famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not an actor who is typically known for excessive climax) almost coincides with Malone intensely with his offer of weak brother Kyle Hadley, only the shadow of his patriarchal father. When she finds she is unable to impregnate her new bride (beautifully leonin Lauren Bacall), Hadley disappears from the deep end, which raises a serious problem with drinking a "secret" fetish who threatens to make him a human time bomb. Both brothers and sisters are perceived as sacrifices of their past and give them a human quality that makes them less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, especially Bacall and the incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, the young Hadley old friend of childhood and the merchant, the replacement son of the old man, and Malone's unreachable desire for desires.) Despite home-based home addiction, it's not a story that's like a real movie that's filmed. With a true filmmaker for film composition and editing, Sirk attracts his audience to this picture with the most powerful technical color cinematography you can imagine: each shot in this film is an eye filled with canvases of colorful colors, from the view of the tanks like the pink Cadillac pulling up to the huge headquarters in the front door to the gorgeous decoration of a luxury hotel in Miami, a spectrum of shades almost blinding in their diversity. and dramatic scenes represent Sirk's swift use of sloping camera angles, shadow lighting, and cross cuts that show the greatest effect in a scene where the hostile drunk Malone does not endanger her bedroom on the upper floor to the loud blur of a record player, father dips uncertainly on the huge staircase ; the scene is so hateful that you swear that you are experiencing a big oedipal track. What you really are watching is an extremely fun waste that is polished in gourmet Technicolor and perfectly polished by the visual genius.
