For the first time, I watched this film about its release in 1987 and was very emotionally influenced by the combination of guilt that my white human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against humans. /> <br /> Especially the funeral of Steve Biko, which was even more vivid and hard hit by the South African anthem played at that time. I have long believed that this film has achieved what no one else has done - open the eyes of the world to what is really happening in South Africa. I think I'm a normal thinker, and I can confirm how this film changed its way of thinking not just about South Africa, but how we perceive black people as white people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after viewing this film I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years in the predominantly black earth and helped many people to grow above their current standard of living and achieve what could not be considered possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say I got - to say that I contributed a little and balanced the balance. But if more people thought I was, and in fact something helped black people without looking for a reward, then the whole black population of this planet would be a bit better. <br /> <br /> I appeal to every right person, Freedom from the beginning to the end, and you do not feel that emotion attracts your heart when you witness 700 children who were brutally shot in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, the murder of Steve Bik, such a champion of his own rights, and then, finally, to realize that this is not just a film, it is spectacular, but everything has happened and less than thirty years ago. Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then check out if you can then go out and party hard. I could not. I was too upset when I knew the truth. This is the hallmark of a great movie. Apparently it was Sir Richard Attenborough's intention to get this message across South Africa. Of course it did. If you do not support apartheid. God will help you.
