What a brilliant film. I admit it is very ambitious with the subject. A little over two and a half hours is also a very long film. But none of these indicators is defective in any way. The cry of Freedom, despite the minor shortcomings it may have, is a powerful, moving and convincing film about the story of black activist Steve Bik in his struggle to wake up South Africa to the horror of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film is suffering too much Woods, which is not enough Biko. Maybe I'm wrong, but even though it's Bik's story, it's Woods, so Woods is an important character in passing Bik's story to the world. Cry Freedom visually looks amazing. With show-stopping cinema and amazing South African scenery, it was a visual feast. The opening scenes were greatly shot. George Fenton's music has brought dramatic weight to most scenes. In the second half, they were fine in the scenes, but in crowd scenes they were sharp and dramatic. The script was extremely good, the Bike scenes in the courtroom were enough to think it was really good things. The first half, when Biko's main focus has been constantly focused on something that feels emotional, be it a police attack on South Africans or Bik's death. The other half about Donald Woods carries less emotional punch, but it is compensated by how it is shot, played out and written. And there are parts that are really tense. <br /> <br /> Performance was exceptional from the full cast, from the smallest character to two races, was not the only bad performance. Regardless of the accents that are, but it's so easily forgiven, how much your attractiveness attracts you. Denzel Washington, in one of his fancier performances, has really impressive performances like Biko, and Kevin Kline shows he can be as good at drama as he's on a comedy because he was doing a decent performance that would match Washington's work. And the chemistry of two men is believable, and never gets a fake note. Penelope Wilton is beautiful as Donald's wife Wendy, and she's also a great actress. Of supportive performances and there may be some bias, for me two excelled. One of them was Timothy West, who had served as Captain DeWet. The second was always exceptional John Thaw in a brilliantly cool acting role like Kruger. Richard Attenborough is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a really beautiful movie. She is ambitious and long, but never ceases to be convincing, powerful and painfully moving. A certain winner from Lord Richard Attenborough and much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
