What movie! I never imagined that Richard Attenborough had such a film in him. Gandhi always left me indifferent, except Ben Kingsley's performance, and I never thought Attenborough as a particularly good filmmaker. But Cry Freedom has been interested in several recent films. It's an exciting, enchanting political film with great performances by Kevin Kline and young Denzel Washington. Kline plays Donald Woods, a newspaper editor in South Africa, who garnered civil rights activist Steve Bika. It starts as a difficult friendship because Woods sees Bike as a black superior who preached hatred of white. But Biko, with his kind words, optimistic attitude and utter transparency, wins Woods and introduces him to the reality of the apartheid that Woods knew nothing about. Biko is a decent, legislative citizen who altruistically stands before all prejudices and a system that keeps his people. One night, coming from an illegal meeting, he is arrested and killed. The authorities are trying to mitigate this matter because Biko has become a huge person in South Africa. But thanks to Woods' efforts, the truth arises. But what should be a triumph will become a nightmare when Woods and his family become the secret police. This film has an interesting structure. In fact, he has two stories: first he tells of the life and death of Bike. It's an amazing first half, completely dominated by the charisma of Washington, which may be his greatest performance yet. The other half, not less interesting, tells Woods of trying to escape from South Africa and publish a book on Biko. Woods has become a state enemy, forbidden by humans, which means he can not meet people or leave his country. In addition, police are constantly spying on them. Kevin Kline performs well in the second half. Although the first half is fairly straightforward, the other makes interesting things with editing, in the same way that Biko recovers and events that show the repression against black South Africans. Some may think it is more interesting, but the second half is as captivating as Woods and his family invent a bold plan to escape from South Africa. The last minutes were so heartbreaking and I was in tears. The score of George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwy was definitely what to do. Although I have never been a fan of Fenton (I can not stand his Gandhi score), I think the score for Cry Freedom is one of the most beautiful movies ever made for the cinema. The film, thanks to the music that married powerful images, has sometimes reached incredible summits of emotion. Freedom of calling is certainly not a movie that would only look for Denzel Washington. This is a movie that is to be fully appreciated. Effects, writing, music, editing, cinematography combine in perfect synthesis, which creates the indulgence of the response of the power of the human spirit. This film deserves a place next to movies such as Pianist, Life is Beautiful and Shawshank Redemption.
