"A true story of friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." Richard Attenborough, who directed the film "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi," wanted to bring Steve Bike's story to life and the paths and problems that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told. Films use two Wood books for his information and foundations - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". The film takes place in South Africa in the late seventies. South Africa is in the midst of a terrible apartheid that keeps the blacks separate from white and classifies Caucasus as a superior race. Chernies are forced to live in poor areas on the outskirts of cities and towns, and are often harassed by the police and the army. It turns out that the dawn is on the shore, as bulldozers and armed police go camping and even kill the inhabitants. Then introduce us Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of popular newspapers. After releasing a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods meets him. Both are initially cautious, but they soon become good friends, and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black man's view of Woods. It encourages Woods to speak out against what is happening around him, and he is desperately led by the story of Steve Biko from South Africa and the World. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. When I first heard about "Cry Freedom," I was under the impression that it was a film devoted entirely to Steve Bik's life. I have never heard of Steve Biko before I saw this movie because the events in this movie really were before my time. But it's more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho as he tried to escape the South African officials. Woods was after Steve Biko was killed. So he had to escape to publish his handwriting on Steve Biko. Because the handwriting will be considered a betrayal in South Africa, and that could mean that Woods is fulfilling a fate similar to Bik. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants for this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is just in the movie the first hour and I was disappointed with how I expected him to see him for the whole movie. But he was amazing as Steve Biko and captured his personality from what I read really well and his accent sounded perfect. His performance gained an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline brings brilliant and thought-provoking performances like Donald Woods and Penelope Wilton is great as his wife Wendy. Filming took place in Zimbabwe because it is useless to say that the problems arose when they attempted to shoot in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African Gestapo watched the film crew everywhere, they got the wrong vibes and set off and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. Despite everything and the fact that apartheid does not end seven years later, Cry Freedom was not banned in South Africa. But the cinema screening movie was a bomb threat. Richard Attenborough brings the horror of apartheid to the screen with extreme power and determination. It does not matter at the end of the film when it shows what a peaceful protest should be on the part of the students in the poor neighborhood, it will turn into a massacre when the police fire on them. The film ends the names of all demonstrators against apartheid who have died in prison and explaining their deaths. Many of them had "no explanation". Relatively few of these were "epilepsy" that is hard to believe, and many others either fell from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from hanging." Nobody ever knows what has happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died in their own hands but in the hands of others; or more precisely, in the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Crystal Freedom" is a movie that must be seen for his performance and the story of Steve Biko. It is also a wild and devastating representation of a beautiful country divided and in hellish seizures of racial segregation and violence.
