CRY FREEDOM is an excellent base for those who want to get an overview of apartheid abuse in just a few hours. The well-known director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is definitely not a stranger to this genre, and the collaboration of the real master and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in her book and in this film, adds CRY FREEDOM further authenticity. The video that is now being released is running for just over two and a half hours, as 23 minutes of another video has been inserted since the start of the movie. While the added length serves to amplify film defects: uneven character development and especially stereotypical blankets, another possible defect (emphasis on the fate of white characters over African) may act as a force. When I see that CRYING FREEDOM is a politically and historically educational film (as I think it would have over her artistic merits), the story is one that black Africans know very well, although the young generation may now need to see the film for full impact . These are the whites who have always been the target group of the film and the book, and I hope it makes them change. Twelve years after the production of the film, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more exciting film that can be watched. Almost ten years after the black majority rule was at least theoretically introduced, the CRY FREEDOM ideas of 1987 remain largely unrealized. That's why the South Africans, as well as those younger who have just heard about these activities, to see and absorb the film's news, remain as urgent as ever before. In complete contrast to US slavery and exposure to the Jewish Holocaust, the South African struggle was told by just two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, count twice if you include a remake), and SARAFINA missed one?). All three dramas are also awkwardly representing American and British actor in both the white and the black roles. None of South African actors played an important role, white, color, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African track MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biopic was released after the black majority rule was introduced, MANDELA Black American played (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original CY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while Afrikaner DeKlerk played (bald) by the very British Michael Caine, good performance if you can reject that the very essence of Afrikanerdom is a powerful anti-British feeling. As long as local SABC TV and African films begin to deal with their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you get. As soon as the White (especially Afrikanis) is depicted in the film, all South African observers (informal) even in 1999, not to mention CRY FREEDOM in 1977, generally find white-black attitudes, even underestimated. When we look at CRY FREEDOM at a later point, it is amazing that reconciliation can happen at all, and that is it. But CRY FREEDOM at the time shows that many people in the brain have not really changed, and the goal of African blacks for freedom and reconciliation is still going on. That's why, if you're a novice of the situation, CRY FREEDOM, it's your best introduction.
