In some ways, Kriemhild's wrath goes beyond Siegfried's death, but he loses even part of his size. This plot is more coherent than the first, which is quite amazing. The other half of the real poem is much lighter, and it's a lot harder to go through until you get to the top combat scenes; only Iliad is better. Lang and Harbou adorned Huni. The poet-compiler Nibelungenlied did not recognize Huna from the real sphere and, as a result, is more or less the same as the inhabitants of the Burgundians. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main interest in Rudiger trying to persuade her to marry him) when he gets to Hunland, the first thing he does is go for meat. Huni here are clearly pagans; they are almost like a cave. The picture is merry, especially Verbal, a jester who has two amazing scenes. Etzel's character gains more weight. It is much more stunning. The only thing he does is to doubt his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are majestic in building tension, especially on the banquet scene, which is narrow with Verbal's second performance with an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the amazing technical achievements of the film are lacking in this, for the most part, except for the dazzling succession, where Etzel Hall burns with the Nibelungs inside. One thing I have to do is the way Harbou changes the end. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand is captured by Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and asks to reveal where he hid the horde. She refuses and she reveals herself to her brother. When Hagen still rejects, he steals it. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusted that the woman assumes the murder of a great warrior who will turn her down and calls her "devilish woman". Etzel, who is much poorer in the poem than here, says something silly like: "Oh, me!" I understand why they want to have the unity of time and space Hildebrand brings from the castle; to maintain the setting of these two deaths, the film would be very anti-climatic. I also understand why Hildebrand did not have to kill Kriemhild: his figure is much smaller here; his name is mentioned only once. But to kill Kriemhild, she accepted Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, just taking care of the audience instead of attacking them. The point of the poem lies in the fact that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond pure evil. Here we just have to die for her lost love. It's not so interesting.
