See also my comment on Die Nibelungen Part 1: Siegfried. The second part of UFA studio study is a shrouded Nibelungen saga continues in a stylized, symphonic and emotionally separate form of its predecessor. While the first part was a carefree rendering of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic description of large-scale bloodshed. As in the first part, director Fritz Lang maintains a constant dynamic rhythm, with the pace of action and the complexity of the shooting, the composition rises and falls smoothly as required by the tone of each scene. These pictures should only be viewed with the perfect Gottfried Huppertz inscription, which is fortunately on the DVD Cinema. Now, with this focus on mass action, Lang is presented with larger tasks in staging. Action sequences in its earliest features have often been poorly built, but now it's just making it part of this rhythmic stream, with the level of activity on the screen swinging like an orchestra. But just as part of one of us witnessed Siegfried's adventure in a matter and without excitement, the second part represents war as a devastating tragedy. There is intentional lack of emotional connection with the characters on both shots. That's why Lang mostly keeps the camera out of action and never lets us feel as if we were there (and that's important because engaging viewers is usually the difference between Lang's work). This is also the reason why performances are unnaturally theatrical, and actors are coming back, such as sleep-conspirators. Kriemhild's revenge, however, is constantly coping with emotions and is, in fact, deeply humanistic. One moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds his son for the first time, and Lang really emphasizes the tenderness of the scene by confronting her with a wild, furious hunt of hunts. It is a question that Lang never adjusts us to get away, and in this respect, this version is more in common with the original sagas than with Wagner's opera. Climate defeat is very opposed to an exciting battle. Why then Hitler and what? to get over him with such frantic eyes, which unjustly damaged the reputation of these films? Because the indiscriminate racial ideology of the Nazis caused them to automatically see Nibelung as good boys, even killing children and betraying their own relatives. For Hitler, their fall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a human tragedy. But for us non-audiences, what makes this picture pleasant is its beautiful sense of singing and musical rhythm. When you see these fully developed silent images of Lang, you will realize how much remains in Hollywood. Instead of sitting down with low-floor potyboli, they had to put it together for a couple of swords and sandals, images that might not be believable, and they do not have to move us emotionally, where it is a poetic, opera tonality that drives us.
