Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insists that her husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow), is murdered, but her brother Ritaeber von Bechlarn, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), rejects her request. When King Attila of Huns leads Kriemhild through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, he takes an oath in the name of his king, that no one ever leaves her. Hagen Tronje conceals the treasure of Nibelungen at the bottom of the lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild took a holiday from his homeland and how King Attila got it: Kriemhild brings a land where Siegfried died and travels to the Huns Court, where Attila welcomed himself, who also promises to swear an oath. Canto 3: How King Attila harassed Rome, and as Kriemhild summoned her brothers: When Kriemhild gives a baby boy, Attila returns to her kingdom and asks Kriemhilda to delight her. He asks him to invite his brothers to come to their kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild Receives His Brothers: Kriemhild insists he has the head of Hagen Tronje, but her brothers faithfully believe in her friend and again We do not accept her request. Canto 5: How the celebrations celebrated the summer solstice with Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but in accordance with the desert laws, the guest is considered sacred. Kriemhild offers gold to Hume for Hagen Tronje. He fights and Hagen Tronje kills Attila's son. Canto 6: Nibelungen's Fear: Huni lost the battle against the Nibelungen, but kept them in the siege inside Attila. Kriemhild promises to save her life provided he delivers Hagen Tronje, but her brother Gunther says that German people are loyal to their friends. Canto 7: Nibelungen's End: After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther are eventually captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje and ends his revenge with the destruction of Nibelungen. The conclusion of the poet's poet Siegfried through "Kriemhild's revenge" is also narrated through seven dramatic songs. The nature of the first part is a magnificent story about fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; the second part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. A robust screenplay with perfect character development, excellent cast performance, and Fritz Lang's awesome direction previously created another epic. Margarete Schön is impressive with a completely different woman, obsessed and inflexible in her wishes. The costumes that Kriemhild wears are also very impressive, and her acting is based on her face and look. I was a little disappointed with Attila's reaction to the death of my only son because I considered it too passive. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Name (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos Part II: Vingança de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild's Revenge")
