An absurdly cheerful and strikingly human tale of jealousy and infidelity surrounding the beetle marriage, the Russian animation pioneer Wandyslaw Starewicz, "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("Cameraman's Revenge" or "Revenge of Cameraman Cameraman") is the joy of early animation, overlapping with highly effective puppetry and without losing imagination. <br /> <br /> And Mrs. Beetle have a completely reckless marriage, and they both long for more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle longs for a beautiful exotic dancer at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub that he always visits when he takes a "business trip" to the city. He is the only one who understands it. The admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle stole his lady and, as it is, she is also a film cameraman. A smart grasshopper follows Beetle and his acquaintance in a hotel room where he filming his exploits through a keyhole. Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle also had a friend to excite her excitement. He is an artist, and he brings her a painting for a present before they both sit down on the couch to get some intimacy. At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and testifies to the whole performance. As Mr. Beetle ran through the front door, a friend of the artist crossed the chimney, but did not escape without Mr. Beetle first blowing his anger and frustration on him. There is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "Mr. Beetle is generous, forgives the woman and takes her to the film." He is so generous to forgive her, but a few minutes ago he was just as unfaithful. At this point, however, we have not yet forgotten the jealous cameraman who avenged vengeance, and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projector of the movie that Ms. Beetle and Mrs. Beetle attend. Suddenly, they appear in a movie that looks forward to Mr. Beetle's infertility shots, and an angry woman hits him over his head with an umbrella before a frightened and angry husband dives through a theater screen in search of a grasshopper. > <br /> In the final scene, Mr. and Beetle, who now seize a little more, are serving in a jail for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle was trying for his last revenge. Do we really hope that "domestic life of beetles will be less exciting in the future?" This film may seem to be just a story about the arrival and occurrence of miniature insects, but Starewicz tells it much more than that. Is not that a story about beetles? this is a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, is not it?
