For lovers of animation, it is a necessity, but also a community audience will enjoy CAMERAS REVIEW, a very early example of the "pixilace" of the hard-working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his helpers skillfully manipulated extensive insect figures to tell the story and prepare the way for fans of Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effects makers. <br /> <br /> KAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is only about 10 minutes long, but it packs into a lot of fun detail because the story follows the foolish adventure of two beetles from home to a nightclub, hotel, cinema and possibly prison cell. There are two short dance numbers in a nightclub (performed by a puppet and dragonfly), burglary between beetle and bridge and big donnybrook in the cinema, which ends with a project that bursts into flames. A rather complicated wandering for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay were just starting out, and Walt Disney was still in elementary school! It is also interesting to note how the impact of the change of the title card of a silent film may have the story of what is said. I saw two versions of this movie, which were offered by two video companies and watched them backwards, and although the content of the image is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (And the rendering mentioned above is still telling a third story that suggests somewhere else.) The British Film Institute, which has rhyming internal titles, tells the story of two siblings of beetles, each of whom are secretly married they keep this information from each other to inherit their later father's happiness. The second, Russian press tells a simpler story about married beetles accused of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visited his girlfriend at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, while in English, his brother Bill Beetle visited his wife in the music hall. I personally prefer a straightforward - and sharper - Russian story; the BFI version is trying to pay too much conspiracy to what should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit unpleasant. Yet, in any edition, the cameraman REVENGE is a wonderful movie, and would be the ideal starting point for another great animated work that is characterized by beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
