Mary Pickford often said that Tess Skinner was her favorite film role. Well said! She played twice and for this version she had produced she did not just have to buy the rights from Adolf Zukor but even gave him credit on the main title card of the film. Needless to say, her performance of this role here is the most triumphant. In my opinion, the film itself is considered to be one of the best experiences in a quiet cinema. True, director John S. Robertson does not move his camera one centimeter from start to finish, but in Robertson's handsome hands, this influence not only matters but is probably more effective. A creative artist of the first position, Robertson is a master tempo, camera angles and assembly. All of his players also received a brilliantly natural performance. Jean Hersholt, who makes it hard, is so disgustingly repulsive, it is hard to believe he is the same person as kind Christian Doctor; while Lloyd Hughes is one of the best actors in his entire career. It is true that this is probably not the way Mrs. White intended, but it frightened the conspiracy, otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the drug spent the fortune on defense but did not even try to find out who actually shot the gun that killed his future brother-in-law! Needless to say, this special quality of the impoverished hero is mentioned by Jack Ging in the 1960s version, which has also completely frustrated the author's strict attack on middle-class chummy christianity. Notice how a well-thought-out priest moves forward by pace or two surprises when interrupted, but then he does not try to help our brave little hero in fulfilling the duties that he himself has been ordained. This is a very moving scene because it is realistically presented. "Tess" also provides insight into the work of another subtle actress, Glorie Hope, whose work has been totally limited to a quiet cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and left in 1926 to give her entire life to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but lived until 1976, in Pasadena it is easy to contact, but I bet no one has the brains to talk to her. Another opportunity is lost! <br /> <br /> Forrest, Robinson just performed as Skinner. I thought it was a little miskast, and a brief look at his filmography proves it: he usually played a priest or a judge! But David Torrence was as good as usual. <br /> <br /> Total costly production with beautiful photos and gorgeous production values.
