This film will not be forgotten or moved in 2008 to an audience that will only become acquainted with modern over-produced audio and computer-enhanced techniques. The experience of the film of 1922, which only saw it in the cinema with others on the big screen, must be really deep and thoroughly satisfying. <br /> <br /> One has to ask whether a filmmaker could make a two-hour silent film today and make it interesting and achieve the same pace and balance as this film. Silent film production was purely artistic, and attention had to be paid to it through its structure, direction and acting - there were no multi-word pads or computer-generated distractions. Badly created or uninteresting silent film is unbeatable. This film must be brought into context for those who may be concerned about the mention of Christian themes. It's not the "Christians" movie, it sells nothing. These topics, along with reference to current moral standards, often appear in this era - also the church on Sunday was a national past, Christianity was given in most households, so the film shows only a normal life like that. The themes would be real and deep at that time. <br /> <br /> The most strange given the strong support of good Christian thinking about this particular film (and no one preaching religion emphasizes only the difference between hypocrites and honest) that in 1922 Pastor in an open debate with a film industry representative with great the crowd condemned Pickford as an example of immorality along with other individuals he named. NY Times 1922. Maybe they should watch this movie, which also came out in 1922 and learned some lessons. Pastor complained that the number of visitors had dropped by 500,000 since the beginning of the film industry. The film's representative in the discussion made the following remarks: there is also a parlor that there were far more pastors in the prison than actors (fact) and that a few examples of many of them were not representative of the whole. the battle between the church and the film industry in the early days of the film. It's a wonderful film about being honest and faithful to my family friends and willing to make sacrifices. Mary Pickford, naive, sincere, festive, full of happiness and joy, faithful, humorous and quietly sacrificed - though she was poor and ignorant, was a perfect character. This is not thrown into the throat, but rather revealed by the film. It reminds some of the modern Chinese movies where the characters are slowly, easily revealed during the movie and it is the tempo that creates a stronger connection with the character. <br /> <br /> It has a balanced even pace for the first half in which it builds all the elements of the last part. The last 30 minutes are great movie productions, and you have to realize that this has been achieved without a good sounding, ongoing dialogue - that was achieved through the skillful acting and the great direction. Sometimes it's surprising to realize that at the end of the movie you have not heard the word spoken, but you feel you've heard everything. Support for the cast presented great performances especially by Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes. <br /> <br /> The last minutes are typical humorous Pickford when it goes outside under the pretext of sweeping the snow, almost perfect balance and ending. This is a special kind of touch humor that should not be underestimated. Chaplin often used this device and copied some of Pickford. Another special observation that needs to be made about Silent films and especially Pickford films is that the star often has to hold the camera for most of the film without the audience being lost or bored with the actors over exposure. The fact that Pickford is mostly a focus of attention in her films, but people still can not get it, is a testimony to her excellent abilities.
