If it were the original version of 1914 TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also playing Mary Pickford), I probably would have liked it much higher because this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was typical for teens. However, by 1922, this film had begun to show itself in the age. And compared to many other Pickford movies (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL, and SUDS), TESS appears briefly - and not every Pickford movie deserves ten (even if it's American Sweetheart). Now that does not mean it's a bad movie - it's definitely not. But I just can not see how much I have given this film 10. The film has a very long and complicated plot - especially because most of the films of the era were shorter. A rich old cluge builds a house on top of a hill beside the river. At the bottom of the hill are some dirty squatters who hate, but who can not escape. So they're trying to find different ways to get them out of the ground. One ends up in a tragedy when his daughter's fiance is killed in a barrage with people after. The man accused of murder is dear old Mary's father, even though he is innocent. To make it much worse, the only witness of real murder will not speak and the dead man gets his fiancé pregnant! So at this point we have an innocent man in jail waiting to be executed, and a pregnant lady is afraid she will tell her the holy feast that she is "family-friendly". There's more to the movie, like the boy falls in love with Mary, but it's best to see the movie alone. The film definitely excels. While the conspiracy is very complicated and cinematography is top-notch. The final scene is also pretty cute. But there are so many flamboyant sentiments that you can practically cut a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so occasional, sometimes the viewer can find it a little difficult to take. While it worked great in 1922 (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very dated. This is not true of all of her movies, but it is definitely true. <br /> <br /> By the way, DVD Image Entertainment is of decent quality, although several scenes are badly aggravated - something that is not very surprising due to the age of the movie. The only examples are short filmography.
