The unofficial and defiant, beautiful TESS OF STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman lying on the land of a rich man. Excited and courageous, she captures the heart of a millionaire's son, but violence, fear and sudden death are what her immediate future will be before she can invoke the sweet peace of happiness. Mary Pickford is totally charming in this beautiful movie heart. She considered Tess to be her favorite role, and she fulfills all the courageous joy and enthusiasm that has made her the most popular movie star in the world for years. The story has all the basic elements of a modern fairytale, with Mary a beautiful, boring heroine that is struggling with all the dangerous, stressful situations. The atmosphere is first class, with an outdoor fishing village very well conceived. In supporting cast Jean Hersholt performs as a nasty villain trying to force Pickford to marry him. Hersholt, a very gentle soul outside the screen, can master it to portray the complete moral corruption of his character. <br /> <br /> This was actually the second time Pickford made a TESS. The 1914 version was one of her first important films, but her production values ​​were a bit obsolete according to the standard of the 20th century (not close) and Mary, producing her own films and strong enough until 1922, the film she wanted decided for the only time in his career to shoot a movie. The end result certainly fulfilled her expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. A fascinating study for some future filmmakers would be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; it surely runs like a golden thread through the silent films she produced. Although romanticism, which is inherent in the very nature of silent cinema, may cause these spiritual views to appear somewhat unpleasant today, we are forced to accept them as a sincere reflection, through their repetition, of the merciful beliefs of the Virgin Mary. In TESS, one beautiful scene excels in this respect: Pickford learns to teach through the Bible. It tells Lloyd Hughes (who plays her darling) a word from a nearby book that she does not understand. It does not mean it to her (the word is obviously "crucified") and her eyes turned to heaven, because the full meaning of the victim appears to her, Mary's face becomes positively beautiful. TESS added Jeffrey Mark Silverman, who perfectly emphasizes the beauty and pathos of this wonderful film.
