PAGE 3 **** of 4 stars <br /> Madhvi (Konkona Sen) enters her friend's house and is empty. Looks back and forth, then goes to your bedroom and you get a picture - "Aha! Another girl" that two-timing baddie and yes really he's his two timing her but that's GUY this time. And I say "Brilliant!" END OF SPOILERS (the above scene is not a spoiler really ... but for me it was so I did not want to have a chance) <br /> When asked about what this movie was, my friend said "Oh, that's just an exhibition of people from P3, "which made me think he was looking at a silly movie if nothing more. When I went to the theater, I thought," I have a better pen and paper to rate the bad things about this movie, "but I showed up It's great, not because it's an unconventional and non-commercial cinema like a story, but because of the cleverness in the script and how this movie says how to do it. treat the movie great, which could be a stupid and nonsensical movie, after if it is put in the wrong hands. <br /> <br /> Sen Sharma is a pardon and she is so beautiful that she has taken on a role as if she were born to play that role. One of the most beautiful actresses I've ever seen. But that's not the only performance that's good in the movie, there's Sandhya Mridul, Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni. Especially Sandhya Mridul, who is just shooting the screen. (And guess what the normal Tara Sharma is talking about normally) Films play with the silly old faces of the film industry's star and others and get an idea of ​​what the movie is about. And about half an hour in the movie you feel the same way. But then the movie picks up the pace of a good story and never lets go. Even Boman Irani agrees with this statement? "It was a good story, Madhwi." (Thank you). The big thing is that it deals with the question of how stupid these people are in style and does not do what is happening and solves social problems and the boring is boring. In the end, we all go to the roller coaster, and Madhvi tells us he's just smiling at all these people. Just the reason I love watching movies. Ecstatic film making. The script is beautiful, smart and funny.
