Madhur Bhandarkar gave everything raw. But the best thing is that he did not forget to give ingredients. The spectator came a short and sharp look and the audience now decided. Page 3 is the revelation of naked truth, regardless of the indiscretion associated with it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and quiet life admires her with a careful friend and nice roommate Pearl. She covers Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor, Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.). However, life is thwarted when it encounters the first storm, turns away from it and goes into crime. Omigosh! a whole new world was waiting for her. She is shocked, excited and overwhelmed by revelation. Her reactions led to a loss of work. At the end he returns to page 3. Now, when he meets a celebrity at the party, he will recognize the real look of everyone hidden under an illusory face. The movie has a message and it's raw. The audience needs to get it in their own color. The theme and script were fantastic. There are some very good ideas used to prepare the audience. As well as the prelude-club is displayed before the pedophile exhibition, short strain before gay-action in the bathroom. Dialogues are strong and actors are really good at delivering them. Charou Mohanty's two words speak volumes, and he is very successful in telling these two words with such ingenuity, it leaves it to an effect. Setting options might be better. Tracks are not worth anywhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with a high impact. Several defects have been seen. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be labeled with intelligence. It could have been a better dialogue because it sounds like a sermon. Meetings between Thapar and his daughter do not require playing. This scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a movie that needs to be watched with a variety of pedophile options. It can spoil your mood.
