Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous, while providing commentary on the integrity of journalism today. Celebrities party endlessly, looking to watch them, and get a proper exposure in the media. In fact, the film should believe that this exposure is made by celebrities from social networks, and the newspaper has a huge hand in it. IMO has more synergy between celebrities and the media and it's the relationship "I need you, you need me". The media, however, need more personalities and not vice versa. Anyway, in this environment of constant sausages is worthy of a social songwriter (page 3 of newspaper) rapporteur Konkana Sen Sharma. She is portrayed as a celebrity producer, very popular at social gatherings. She has a good girlfriend in the gay Abhijeet and the fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). Has rooms with an air hostess? (Sandya Mridul) and the fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The newspaper editor is Boman Irani and the reporter who killed the crime crimes is played by Atul Kulkarni. The movie has almost too many deflections and characters but works at a certain level. Rich for most apparently losing to the core, the film proved to be dirty to the fullest with roller casting scenarios, energy use, and hunger for the media. There is a layer of homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to have a lot to do with story or plot, uncontrolled drug use, pedophilia, police deaths. Given that Pearl's desire to have a super-rich husband, a social daughter accompanied by a sexual encounter in cars, the women who come together seem to be harmless disorder. The film has an excellent performance by Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? in my opinion. Supporting cast is more competent (Boman Irani is very good). That's what'll save my movie. Mr. Bhandarkar is biting more than he can chew or process on the celluloid and converts the film into a free space for all bash. I wish I had to focus on one or two aspects of social issues and to examine them better. It promotes social exploitation, but it itself uses all the masalistic components necessary for the film to be successful. We have an item number within the Bollywood thematic party, childhood drugs dance perfectly choreographic dance on the western beat. I hope that another of Madhura Bhandarkara will dare to get even more Hindu film stereotypical ingredients. The film is a brave (though bad) effort, certainly worth the attention.
