Page 3 is one of the films that Madhur Bhandarkar does to expose the social mess. The film is convincing, but like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and too pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalists, gossip, celebrities. The film reveals the lives of social groups whose lifestyle is disastrously bold, strange and repulsive. They take part, they are dedicated to fame, they plan to party at the funerals, they want to get more money and a higher reputation, do anything to get the media the right attention to print their names courageously in the daily press column called "Page 3" will be the center of popular discussion. They are looking for attention, humble and hypocritical. The film industry is depicted as dirty, with the cast-off couch being a common phenomenon between film makers. This is where our pretty heroine, the young newsreader, social correspondent Madhvi Sharma, fits. All of these people in the Bumbai elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to get along on these pages if you want to mention it in her article. Later in the film we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends do not differ from these people in society. It was hard for me to see, although the film is undoubtedly courageous and the issues she's dealing with are interesting. <br /> <br /> Music is average. The only acceptable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise, the soundtrack is poor. One song that was particularly terrible is "Movies Very Films". The film is very good. The other half is much better than the first because it becomes a more material factor and reveals much more important issues, such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film must be enjoyed. It was sad to know that people would rather ignore such crimes out of fear and the disappointment of the nature of the Sen Sharma's Conversions was very easy. She was excellent throughout the movie and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni had a very small role, but he managed to do just that. Boman Irani is solid as a newspaper editor. Sandhya Mridul is as sweet as Madwie's sarcastic roommate Pearl, who married an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The film's completion is really good, and it gives some relief after incredibly demanding management. Page 3 is a good film, interesting and sometimes moving, but his level of interest and general quality is thwarted by his exaggerated, overly dirty and negative imagination of the rich and famous.
