When visiting Romania with his father CIA, Tony (Adam Arkin), a quite talented quarterback quarterback seen as a savior leading his team finally to victory over rival Simpson, is said to be a palm reader (in Romania, many people are not allowed many books, and so she took a palm reading) that a werewolf barks him ("When the moon is full, do not make any appointments, you will be busy."). Well, who's going to pay for it ... Tony is actually bored and his life forever changed. After his father, unfortunately, he dies in the disaster of his bomb (!) Under special circumstances (shooting on his werewolf in a metal bomb) is not a very good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and leaves Tony traveling for endless years until he gets tired of packing, and after decades he will return (and many US presidents) and hope his soccer team will win over Simpson ... a task he left long ago. Once a very white, pure high school has indeed turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what was going to be at Full Moon High School in the early 1980s, think about Studio 54 with teenagers. Larry Cohen's parody of werewolves, among others, is full of gag, honor, and jokes. My favorite sequences include one in a sex classroom, where Tony reveals the 80th class of his werewolf transformation and the opening scene for Dr. Branda (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen) may be the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His job of talking to a jumper leads two men to fall out of the balcony ... jumpers and firefighters (they first try to talk about him), both of them get mad at Brandt! The mark even tries to get Tony to sign that his body is devoted to science to get his wife's coat! Kenneth Mars let me hide in the floor as a homosexual football coach (and later in the 1980s as a director) who likes his players on his back ... his scene where Tony interprets the truth into classical sex. The film is packed with inspired casting features, just full of funny characters and casting performers like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowhard who actually looks like Joseph McCathy standing next to his photograph in a bomb. always talking about commissioners), Joanne Nail as Ricky's arched eyes, who is preparing for a werewolf today, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy, a nerd sexually abused teacher who finds attraction to Tony, James Dixon as Deputy she stole the line from his police boss who recited him to Dr. Brand, who began to put words together to remember), Roz Kelly as Jane, a relentlessly devoted woman who longed for Tony herself constantly demanding to lure her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn , longtime friend of Tony and now a police chief who received Jane after his friend left the city. I can not forget JM J Bullock, because Flynn's closed homosexual son is trying to enter school hoping to find a lady with cheerful results. I like how the film devotes to the genre of werewolves as it is on the stream .. is often referred to in documents as Jack Nipper, because he likes to bite his victim on his face .. and I'm not talking face. He saw more annoyance than danger. The homage to Carrie and Psycho is pretty and the violin is also fun. Cohen throws so many teeth on the viewer, and finally one has to hold. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not all of the joke hits, it's a mark, but many are doing it. This filming is useful. The film looks cheap on Larry Cohen's typical budget. Notice the 50th scenes where the obvious old members who would appear on the road wore shining wigs. He loved Adam at the head ... is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him, and the zingers that fly from Cohen's scriptures. The film moves quickly, rarely capturing breath. I like this horror comedy more than it seems.
