I'm not asking for a summary and vote! The video distributors packed it up as another typical werewolf from the 1980s, but in fact they are the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, because it will do what the "Shining Saddles" for the West will do for horror film. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (Mostly, it's insignificant) and I think comedy must be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors - it works right to make things happen, good ideas. "The whole month tall" stands out with good ideas - so much, in fact, it can easily give Zucker / Abrams the "Aircraft" and "Naked Gun" shame. One of the best is the presence of Ed McMahon in the lead role as the right wing of John Birch. Jokes, non-sequiturs, wisecracks, and word-play are virtually uninterrupted, and everything, including a kitchen sink, was thrown inside. The ironic tone is very similar to "back to the future". Some people (that is, almost every reviewer here) had to be turned off by an anarchist spirit, but I almost died laughing, and that's one of the movies in which you never know what kind of ill-fated situation is going on. Since B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen had not previously made a direct comedy, one feels he is inventing the lost time by including any joke he could rely on. If Mel Brooks did it, critics would call it a comic masterpiece, but because Cohen did it, he was released as a schlock. Critical reviews call this movie too "stupid". STUPID? What comedy should be serious? Anyway, I laughed more loudly about this film than about what I can think of. Cohen makes everyone happy - including himself, with plenty of references to his usual low-cost film brand; he and the actors have to have a complete explosion to do it. Humor is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love this. Trust me: the film is not too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what is happening - the mix is ​​mixed without any pretentious social values ​​- then you will really like it! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One sidenote: This movie should be somehow made in history as one thing Bob Saget ever played (though briefly), which was really fun.
