I do not know why people except for many low-cost independent films, but I enjoyed this because I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many urban horror movies, so when I saw it on the shelf, the title alone only culminated in my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it's not too often that you run into a low budget indie horror movie with a great acting and good story. Is it a low budget? Yes. Can you say it's a low budget? Yes ... but as soon as you watch the movie, you become so wrapped in the story that it does not matter. I also like hip hop music and soundtrack is nice! I do not know what's going on with all these bad reviews of this movie. All I hear is "the worst film ever". Do these idiots see EVERY movie there? There are thousands of movies, how can you classify one as the "worst" at all? A video that is not a "movie" like a "zombiez" can be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie EVER because I did not see any movie out there. In the bottom row, these people who gave this movie bad reviews are probably out of the suburbs. Listen if you do not like minorities, city movies, ghetto films, hip hop, etc. WHY DO YOU PASS THESE TYPES OF FILMS ??? !!! Did you know you do not like it? Sure, it's a horror movie, but it's not just a horror film, it's a URBAN horror film with multicultural occupation. I do not like TV shows like Dawson Creek or O.C. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK me. I'm a New Jersey boy, and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can not be ashamed of them. I do not understand my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I'll never look GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel that has tormented you again since the first sucking so bad and I'm hearty huckaboring. Now back to this movie, as far as the above note is concerned, I do not know if this guy smoked cracked or was "knocked" by his father-father before looking at the film, but for me all had a great job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an aspiring actor who made my theater in my school and I had to play a game where I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in the scene, so I give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and turn it off. Anywho, I liked this movie, and before that I did not hear about these actors and directors, but you bet that now I will look for their stuff and if they read it, WE RECOMMEND THE SEQUEL !!! I'm outside. Jerzee Representin '!
