Welcome to Oakland where the dead are playing, and even boys in the DA hood can not stop. This low-budget, video-based production seems timed to coincide with the release of the Land of the Dead, the last installment of the famous George A. Romer zombie series. Meeting ghettos and hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional attraction for gore caterpillars. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical research facility and at the same time educates his young brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). The teenager, bored with macaroni and cheese chefs in his home with a tractor, would rather spend time hanging with street friends Mark and Kev. It seems that for African-American high school students there is not much to do on this side of the gulf, with the exception of drugs that deal with trade and bullying with domestic, including rival Latin gangs. Ricky plans to sell her house to her later parents and move to the interior of the Castro Valley, a mid-range environment and probably a safer environment. Unfortunately, before that happens, Missing Fire leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Deadly Ricky is trying to make the last desperate meal. He tells Scotty, his lab, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration samples they tested on the rats. When a double dose is not able to revive Jermaine, it is not the only option to call 911. But on the way to the morgue, a funny thing is happening. The boy is recovered as a distracting, screaming zombie, chews the ambulance driver, and goes into the night, bowing to vengeance and stroking fresh meat. The frenzy of feeding infects more victims, and it is the battlefield between the living and the bloodless undead before the night shift to the East Bay. The horror genre recorded more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Bands. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the programmers of Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Dead Island), Roger Corman's Poe quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between unforgettable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than a few hundred million dollars worth of recent horrors. The cheapness has its magic. In really cheap movies, the actors wear their own clothes in a real environment. Here, the houses of the house have freshly painted walls in neutral, matte tones, which have caused turmoil as oppression as the bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk in the 1950s. The lines seem more improvised than the script. "What the hell do we do now?" "Keep your eyes open for every thing that looks ordinary." Ricky and Scotty called their boss, who calls the ex-military man Romer. "I have a huge problem with the problem of having to take care of it quickly." "That's not a problem," said the carpenter, closing the phone and grabbing the weapons. They all have guns and even when they are fighting the zombies they are on their cell phones like who is not today? Information is being exchanged for a naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We got into some crazy mother animals." "Already F N 'vu It's the zombie park again ..." Ricky must even blow his screaming girlfriend away, just saying, "She's out of hand." Unlike most zombie films, this is the reason for chaos. Jermaine will take revenge on the gang bangers who shot him, who are still silent. This is filmmaking in urban areas, which includes its own social commentary, the production of almost partisans, which suggests the future of low-budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who have their business name in anticipation of a new movement, can inspire others to tell stories based on personal experiences rather than imitation of a tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, José and Eduardo Quiroz have created an inexpensive but technically acceptable feature of well-known personalities. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets a job, Eduardo Quiroza's music is nothing simpler than Carpenter's haunted Halloween theme and the Darkroom Familia and other hip-hop songs add to the atmosphere. The result is promising if it's not exactly exciting. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never gotten for the better, their next can be watched.
