"Racing" images have taken place almost from the beginning of the film. Films with almost totally black castings were created by segregated Poverty Row (more often than Caucasian) studios for the theater ghetto. With the growing cloud of cities in the 1970s, this idea was revived by the wave of "blaxploitation" of paintings created for city grind houses that overlaid black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional B-film plots. This trend has even spread to horrific features such as Blacula, Blackenstein, and Sugar Hill, serving blueprint versions of monstrous standards. And did not die with the closure of most city theaters? it just slowly recedes to the age of the video and continues with low budgets directly on a DVD release like this one. Ed and Jose Quiroz Hood of the Dead, accept the recent popularity of horror films for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland who is trying to keep his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels), out of trouble after the death of his parents. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he's working on to try to save the lives of teens. It seems his efforts are for nothing, and Jermain's body is taken away. But the body never gets to the morgue? Jermaine re-animates in the crown van as a hungry zombie. Kills the driver, then goes after the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. After hearing Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about a gangster attack, Ricky believes that the only thing is to capture Jermaine and try to conceal the matter before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo ) are arrested for the chaos they caused. In the meantime, however, he discovers that the infection spreads too quickly to control them. With everything simple, the Quiroz team can create a fun little horror element without moving to the point where things start to look awkward. They also add several interesting business cases along the way. When he meets the zombies for the first time, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" ??? like every way to find out how to kill zombies. A special procedure is added when the first shot of the head does not kill the brain, which aggravates the viewer's attention. Another good point is that soundtrack makes limited use of sub-Eminem rap style, making it in standard "spooky" music throughout.
