most bad reviews on this website blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following: 1) it's a low-budget movie with virtually no action; 2) it was so bad that it laughed me 3) it's something I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective matter, whether you like low-cost and independent things or not. But I have to say that I still can not understand the people who rented a movie such as "Hood of the Living Dead," and then they look surprised to realize that it's not as polished and cute as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what's right in laughter. I personally like to laugh and love movies that bring me, whether it's comedy or horror. When I saw in Hammerhead how this girl entered PUDDLE and the shark went out to eat her, I just got up. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Frankly, laughs feel good, while many people who write reviews seem to think it a bad thing. If you want to feel just sad and worrying while watching the movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low-budget moves are definitely not for you. But please, do not come and tell us you have reconciled them. We already knew. This is probably the reason why we chose to watch the film first. However, this is the third point that leaves a lot of confusion. Just a few years ago, people were surprised to see the Blair Witch Project, a more rudimentary, boring, conspiratorial and ill-treated film than "Hood of the Living Dead", too. In addition, every half-million people go to YouTube every day to watch short films "Lonelygirl15", which is definitely something everyone can have with a cute girlfriend, room and webcam! Do not talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why do people not blame these clips for bad behavior and no plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time that anyone with an affordable technology and a group of friends can create their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend their weekend with their buddies who make a fair (yet refreshing) piece of waste like this one rather than shop in a shopping mall or play video games only. Put aside your prejudices and your desire to sound like a clever film critic by attacking b-movies and see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as it did to the creators! If you want a refreshing and homely home horror, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not Look in the Basement" "Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit. "
