The eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not sure if Giallo really is; but Giallo or not, despite some problems it's definitely a very interesting little movie. I hesitate to call it Giallo because the film does not contain most of the things these films do, what they are; but many genre records break the form and it seems to be one of them. The film does not contain any brutal murder, as many Giallo does, but it is created with a surreal atmosphere and a conspiracy that is quite confusing to remain interesting throughout its duration. The story seems to be quite simple by focusing on the doctor who is murdered by Julia, his patient who, for some reason, sees him as his lover and father, and is offended when he goes to her. Then we moved into a big house where a lot of people lived, but nothing is really what seems to be, because there are a lot of secrets around the various events that happened before the arrival of Julie ... <br /> <br /> it seems to be saying something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. This never goes away and I rather sit and enjoy what is happening than to worry about what point (if any) the movie is trying to do. The eye in the labyrinth is controlled by Maria Caian, the director of the lonely night Lonely a few years ago. In this film it does not create the atmosphere just as in the past; but the surreal aspects of the story look good and the secret is always kept, which stops the film from becoming boring. Star film Rosemary Dexter, which provides eye candy throughout and also delivers good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is good as a villain of the work and Alida Valli, which cult fans remember from a number of excellent cultural films. The film finally explains; which is lucky, because I'm sure I'm not the only spectator who has been a little confused until then! Overall, this may not be the classic thing; but it's good enough and worth seeing.
