This little movie is a reckless and quiet giallo. He leaves some of the clichés of this genre and accepts more open access. It is a woman who seeks her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared without an obvious reason. Her search leads her to a villa inhabited by a group of eccentric individuals. In true giallo style, murder is never far. <br /> <br /> The cast is really good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o 'Nine Tails) and very young Sybil Danning (80th cries). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter, and when I'm not familiar with it, she's doing a good job of leading the picture. One of the definitions of eye features in a labyrinth is his music. Atypical for giallo has a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. This score, composed of Robert Nicolosi, reminds Miles Davis, especially his work on a quiet journey. It's an excellent soundtrack and really gives this film a different feeling than most gialli. The Fusion Groove emphasizes the mild atmosphere and compliments of the sunny, sea-front scenery that the film is mostly formed. That's giallo, so we really need to talk about murderous set-pieces. This film is somewhat short in this respect. It is certainly not deprived of them, but it is far and away. The first murder of dreams is probably the best in the offer as well as the unforgettable combustion car succession. But this is not really a violent movie. Still, I do not think it would disappoint too many experienced fans of this genre. The secret is quite convincing and has quite eccentric characters (the idiot's boy Saro and the turbulently inappropriate dubbed accent) and moments of bizarre satisfaction; while the ugly factor is preserved with the horror of nudity throughout. <br /> <br /> The eye in the labyrinth plays as a giallo version of the secret of Agatha Christie because it contains a group of unsympathetic characters in the villa, all suspected of murder; we have compulsive memories that describe in detail their connection with the last hours (particularly unsympathetic) victims of the murder. While this is not a mark - an example of a genre, it is surely different, because it does not take too much from other genre films. For giallo enthusiasts I put it up and I hope one day will have a nice DVD transfer. Definitely deserves treatment.
