I have not seen the original "Unbelievable Path" since I was a child, so I can not really compare both versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and cats whose owners leave them with friends in the wild when the father of the family has to have a new job in San Francisco. Pets who believe they have been abandoned run away and go on a long journey home through the wilderness. This story could best be filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are actually live - motion pictures made with real animals. One of the main differences is that in a later version animals are talking in human voices, giving each one of their own different personalities, something that was not done in the original film. (Similar animal-speaking devices have been used in other recent children's films, such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have come to use this device, but my own opinion is that giving animals to prominent personalities helps reinforce the film rather than weaken it. The animals were expressed by the stars of the great name, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. Both dogs are men, and their relationship is similar to what many people have in "buddy" movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is a wise experienced older dog; Perhaps the younger is rough, coking and impulsive. For British eyes Chance looks like a boxer, but he is actually an American bulldog who is probably a breed other than his British cousin. Sassy cat is a woman with somewhat primary and right personality. She is very proud of her cat position, which in her eyes makes her a huge superior dog. ("Cats rule, dogs slum!"). From the point of view of an adult, the film has a number of defects; it may be sentimental, some incidents (such as the one in which the animals can catapult the mountain lion into the river) are incredible and human characters are completely forgotten. But this is a film that focuses mainly on children, and I think they will love it immensely. Of course, any animal loving baby will do so. (Some professional critics like James Berardinelli, who complained that the voices of the animals have reduced the "grandeur" of the film, will only serve to ensure that professional critics are not always the best guides for children's films ("Homeward Bound" centered on its supposed grandeur) . One thing that adults will appreciate is photographing the Californian mountains of Sierra Nevada. They can also appreciate the film mix of humor and excitement as pet pets encounter dangers such as bears, mountain lions, and porcupines in the wild. This is a very nice family film. 7/10
