SPOILERS ALERT Homeward Bound: An incredible journey is an important film of my life because it's the first movie I remember in my home town cinema as a 4-year scamp. The story is based on Sheil Burnford's novel and is why this can not be written as a blunt clone of Lassie. Basic story: Two dogs and a cat happily live in space. The Seaver family, when a new husband to a mother of three children, gets a job in the city and they have to temporarily move into inner San Francisco while the animals are sent to the ranch to live for a few months. The connections between the animals and the children they care for are particularly strong, and the golden retriever Shadow and Sassy Himalayan cat are hearts broken as children, although the young and happy american bulldog puppy known as Chance is little less concerned and somewhat cynical (partly due to his a voice explaining that he is abandoned as a puppy, raised up in the shelter for the animals and was bought by the family), although his growth as a character during the story provides much of an important narrative. <br /> <br /> Three pets escape from the ranch and set off into a wide and dangerous wilderness (fantastic wildlife setting by the way) powered by Shadow's instincts. On their way, they encounter various dangers hoping to return home, while family and ranch hosts are suddenly concerned about the disappearance of animals. There are fun moments, a great dialogue between the three animals and cheerful lines (see - unforgettable quotes) and the touch comradeship that grows among the main characters during stories, interrupted by moments of sadness (as Sassy's arrogance is trying to cross the river without wet, causes her to fall into the river and flush the waterfall, leaves a moment of loss that the audience will feel deeply. I can not see how the inclusion of a girl saved in the wilderness adds the story and the way they take it. It seems somewhat useless as part of the story. The end thrusts the pins higher when the shadow falls into the trainyard pit and hurts its foot, it's hard to get out and gives up exhausted, followed by Chance who raised him to persuade him to come out and tell him how important it is for him, and how he pushed them so far, so he could not easily reduce it. <br /> <br /> The way this scene (perfectly executed) is not closed leaves the ambiguity that returns to the final scene when Chance and Sassy return home, but Shadow is nowhere invisible. And then, it seems, everything has been lost, slowly appearing and reuniting with the family. Chance at the end of the end talks about the comradeship that has developed between him and his fellow travelers on the way, and the understanding of what home is really from his long journey to get there leaves a great epilogue to show how much his character has grown , but also how the other two have. For a moment, I think I'll cry ... Anyway, I did not read Shelly Burnford's book, so I do not recommend knowing where the differences between the book and the film lie. But it is a movie that can be watched by all members of the family, and while girls will love talking animals, older viewers will better understand the boundary of the plot (as I discovered when I watched the film for several years without seeing it after several years). This movie is a masterpiece in the cinema and I suggest that if you have not seen them, you will go out and get it! <br /> <br /> And please avoid the sequel (see my reviews for Homeward Bound II!)
