"Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey" is one of those wonderful old pet movies. He deserves a place among the great films of his genre and even the cinematographic world in general, along with other animated films such as Old Yeller, Napoleon, Fluke and Air Bud. That means it's more than just a movie about a pet. Can it be a "remake"? It's too good to be a "remake"! I know this by heart, from early teen years (when I was 12 years old). It's a family movie that has a treasure. It's emotional, exciting, adventurous, exciting, fun, humorous, charming, sweet, nostalgic, beautiful, hearty and sometimes dramatic. It's one of those films that smiles on the faces of those who appreciate this kind of movies. This film lacks quality. Has a well thought out tale, nice characters, an excellent and relaxing instrumental soundtrack, brilliant scenery / landscape of the beautiful Sierra Mountains (in Oregon). When we talk about the views, not all the mountains: forests, trees, rivers, waterfalls, sunsets ... in the end all the pure natural wonders - a true panorama. <br /> <br /> The main human characters are nice, well-developed and well-portrayed by the actors involved. Robert Hays is amazing as a kind father Bob Seaver. Kim Greist is good as Laura Burnford. Veronica Lauren is as good as hope. Kevin Chevalia is conventional as the youngest and most cute brother Jamie (his appearance really reminds me of Kevin Corcoran in "Old Yeller"). Benj Thall is great as Peter Burnford. When it comes to our four buddies, Shadow is my favorite. Shadow is a faithful, wise, mature, beautiful, caregiving and loving old golden retriever (brilliantly expressed by Don Ameche). Chance, the American bulldog, is the opposite of shadow. He is carefree, stupid, impatient, anxious, clumsy, cheerful and loves to play (says talented Michael J. Fox). Chance simply can not stay calm. Sassy is the embodiment of the cat's image: elegant, independent, very self-confident and self-proud, with a typical cat's attitude, but with a certain cat charm. Sassy is the Himalayan Cat Seal Point, one of the most beautiful breeds of cats. Sassy is expressed by Sally Field, who also does a good job. Our four-legged friends are themselves great "actors" by nature: Ben as Shadow, Rattler as a chance, and Tiki as Sassy. <br /> <br /> It's an undervalued movie, but classic is in itself. Its sequel is clearly worse. <br /> <br /> It should definitely be in Top 250.
