This comment contains spoilers! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have intangible for them. This innate quality, which is a combination of charisma, panache and swagger. It's a quality that can separate good actors from really great ones. I think it's George Clooney and Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney's gentle touches in scenarios like his only word goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when he just moves the other's contemptuously. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's performances dating up to five dice in the dining room for a couple of good men and his interrogation room in the courtroom. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to a small and exclusive list of actors that radiates this amazing feature in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive border diaries at The Siege for his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's film of the same name, you can see that there is no more subtle actor now. I will not say all this to suggest that the man on fire is perfect just because of Denzel's work, but he is definitely the tooth of production. I was literally enchanted by some of his scenes that are raw, emotional and burnt at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy's former spy or CIA agent or one of those hidden government officials. He is largely hit by the rock bottom when he becomes the disappointed life he led. He killed and maybe he did things that were best left undefined, and it made him a hardy and bitter man. His friend and possibly a mentor, playing exclusively Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico and provides very comfortable living by providing these rich worship services. The kidnappings in Mexico seem to be so lively that these formerly paid companies of S.E.A.L. and they can be very good at providing the necessary service. Creasey needs work and accepts work with a well-functioning family who seems to be in financial trouble. Marc Anthony is all right while Samuel, Radha Mitchell is exciting sexy while his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just incredibly and prematurely brilliant as Pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a scale to play the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pity is nothing that would be worthy of the Oscar. The entire first half of the film depends on the relationship between Pitou and Creasy, and if the role in this role is weaker, perhaps such emotional synergies would not get so briefly. But Fanning is nothing remarkable in the role. <br /> <br /> This is the relationship between Pitou and Creasy, who drives this movie to the top of the cinema. Together, they are perfect and a real bond exists between them. Tony Scott faces frenzied urgency, and his eye for visual flare has never been better. I'm interested in seeing his next film, Domino. I think Scott is one of today's appointed directors, and with other movies like this, his name will definitely be raised to icon status. The story has Creasy really on Pitu and vis-ka versa. There is a clear link between them and perhaps stems from the fact that although Pita loves his father, there is not much. He's a philanthropist and obviously does not have time to deal with his family. Soon Creasy takes Pitu into the swimming competition. She reads her bedtime stories and names the Creasy teddy bear. It's not just friendship between them, it's more like a relationship, and there seems to be a deep parental love. <br /> <br /> The film will change speed when Pita is kidnapped and kept for ransom, and Creasy is almost mortally wounded trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes a thick tinge and treacherous with a scam, as the plot pieces burst like bulbs. And that's where Denzel becomes a strong way. As I said earlier, I saw that Denzel performed great performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen him like that. He is a man obsessed with the possibility that Pita is dead, he literally becomes a fire. In him, he's raging when he's chasing down and eating his brand of income. Denzel's anger and fury are ubiquitous and are not easily suppressed when they catch every person responsible for the breach of Pity. It's all fair, as the Mexican authorities always seem to be behind. <br /> <br /> Also, what is extremely important for the film's bold glance is that there are only a few movies that really give criminals their proper contribution. Often I was frustrated when I watched movies where bad people got easily. For the whole film they cause all the torture and then kill the bullet and die. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland sees that indemnity is unambiguous and painful. The perpetrators here feel Creasy's wrath and experience the torture they are doing. There is nothing remarkable about his brand of justice. He needs information and someone loses his finger. He wants answers and a home bomb is placed in places that are destined for other things. There are no punches here and that's one of the real forces of the movies. Man on Fire is one of the top five films in 2004. Now, when it's on DVD, it's my recommendation to get SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documents and various comments. 10/10
