When I remember seeing the previews of this movie and really did not think much about it. It was almost one of those films that if you see a preview, its amazement and then when it comes out, you will not hear anything and you will leave it completely and the memory will totally not remove the missing error. Man On Fire was one of those movies. Once I was curious about the rent and I decided to take it home with me, a precious rent in the hands. I was looking at it and witnessing such a beautiful film. It's like no one else ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly magnificent. The cinematography shot by Tony Scott is exceptionally good and unique, unlike another movie. Subtitles can explain something without listening to real voices, and music is very interesting for the scene. I got into this movie and eventually bought it as soon as I could run out of the house and go to Best Buy. I've been looking at it several times. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does a terrific job by becoming a lost-thinking former special man who has no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) gives life back to him with her undying love for him right from the start. They get together and become good friends until they are taken away by the notorious gangsters of the La Hermandad brotherhood. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that she will kill the killers because she fears that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy actually shows the person that can happen. He uses his contacts for the kidnapping of Pity and hospitalization at Creasy to find one of the men and begin his persecution. My favorite line is in this movie when Christopher Walken tells AFI agent that "man is a piece of art in whatever he does ... cooking, anything." Creasy's art is death ... he is painting his masterpiece. "Creasy plays a very unique role as an old partner and a friend of Creasy, and after Crema's final brother, La Hermandad's brother," The Voice ", Creasy organizes a meeting to trade with Pitou for himself and the Brother of the Voice, eventually Creasy dies before he shoots before and injures has been infected and massive blood loss is a very honest and sad end but great I love this film and I recommend it to everyone who is looking for an unforgettable film The story is in depth everything is explained from start to finish and nothing at all stupid in any way way.
