- Cats in Mexico are just as common as meadows that give me their phone numbers, so if you're rich, you'll need a good bodyguard to protect you and your kids. The couple hires a drained bodyguard called Creasy to protect his adorable child Pita. Initially, their relationship is tad buggy, but after some time, Creasy soothes up to the girl and the two develop a relationship father / daughter. One day Pita is abducted and Creasy is badly injured in this process. When she wakes up, she finds out that the girl was killed because of the ransom negotiation that has happened badly, and it will cause Creasy to find her men responsible for her death and make sure they are brought into her brand of justice. > <br /> - Watch this movie with Telenol, because you will need something after watching it. I really love the story of going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually just want to avenge, but they really never go too far where as this film show how far a person can go to do what he thinks is right. The only problem is annoying visual style that either hates or hates Tony Scott. I really like the cameraman because I'm sure he came to this film because he thought he was shooting an action movie and probably it's all excited but instead stuck like a DP for a filmmaker who thinks the whole movie looks as if they were obsessed with demons. I would not mind if the miserable visuals were limited to several action scenes, but when it spread throughout the movie, then we have it when we have some problems. The same disturbing style was recently used on "Domino" and similar to the movie, that style hurt another great movie. Another person I like about was Harry soon. Gregson Williams, who had the impossible tasks to try to compose music from sharp images. Somehow Williams wrote some decent music for the film, but I'm sure if the film was more stable than the music would be much better. Sound is being used unlawfully throughout the movie, and instead of improving the movie experience, you feel like you are punished. Adding subwoofer is irritating like every 5 seconds, or you hear the infinitely low end sound coming from it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience must be bombed by a subwoofer, but it really takes you out of the movie. He plays in the movie despite the visual. Little Fanning does another great job, and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make someone cry, they are dead inside. Denzel Washington violates his rule that he will not make any action movies with this film and fortunately he will play a great character for him. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly because of tragedy finds purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings some hearts and emotions to a different flat character. I love seeing that she is alone when she really learns emotion and becomes abominable after revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife, and together with Fanning there are two reasons why I hate the film too much. Husband J.Lo comes and goes into the movie, but it does not really seem to be true. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have only a minimal role in the movie, but they do it. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is how the creators are trying makeup for the dirty way, that's a great city at the end of the movie. Still little if you ask me. Hopefully, Tony Scott will deliberately attempt to eliminate his career at this stage, because a filmmaker who is as talented as CAN needs to do better than this.
