You know you're different when Christopher Walken plays as part of a professional man - and he's not one of the bad guys! Though it can do it with some sensible rip-off, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective criminological drama, ranging from openly sentimental to utterly brutal - and almost every tone that can be imagined between it. <br /> <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington stars as Creasy, a former CIA assassin who has recently left the business and is looking for some redemption for the sins he has committed. Still looking for answers in the bottle and in the Bible, he did not do that well. As the film opens, Mexico has been devastated by a series of kidnappings aimed at strong and well-functioning, possibly committed by the police forces themselves, to maintain law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the position of the bodyguard of the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is rightly worried about his safety. The first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Creasy and his accusations, Pitou, a sweet little girl who slowly but surely got into the original, persistent heart and affection of Creasy. The final two-thirds of the movie will turn into the Avening Angel melody, because Creasy systematically searches and removes all those who are responsible for the tragedy that appears at the beginning of the story. Based on AJ Quinnell's novel, "Man in the Fire," written by Brian Helgeland and lightning-fast Tonym Scott, is a coolly effective action that never turns away from the crude brutality of his subject. It risks us asking us to identify with a person who, for all reasons and purposes, is attained by his redemption of torture and murder (no doubt incomprehensible). These scenes of bloodshed and violence are both intense and exciting, even when they are sometimes bordering on exploitation. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pitou in the early parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning create a natural and easy relationship that helps set the ground for the chaos and turbulence that follow. Washington carries the film with its quality of stoic justice, which enables us to understand its character on an emotional level, even if what it does is leaks us intellectually. In addition to two additions, there are solid performances from Walken, Mark Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But Washington and the beautiful Mrs. Fanning who will worship this show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would be better off for about half an hour, but it's even better than the average crime thriller.
