Although he is released between a flock of reject action movies (KILL BILL VOL.2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works the same way he does for the most part thanks always to Denzel Washington, who is one of today's best actors. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (first shot in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a former mercenary who now attempted to drink lightning Jack Daniels until he his old partner (Christopher Walken) chances of redemption. He is hired as a bodyguard by a ten-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While working together with Fanning as an oil and water first (it does not combine very well), it actually creates a bond with her and encourages her to calm herself better while swimming while trying to cope with the demons of the past. It is precisely this bond that forces Washington back into its old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and detained for ransom for $ 10 million and is almost killed. With almost any other action heroine (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.) The subsequent bloody bath was the same recurring seizure we saw a million years ago. But Washington's character, though for some reason kills, does not like to do what he does. Still, he gets help from Rachel Ticotin, a very threatening Mexican newspaper reporter, to reveal "The Brotherhood", the kidnapping gang responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is flawed in some ways due to the work with the hypercamera, the true headache-editing modifications, and the various film stores that are run by Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE) but which they are not unique to him (witness Oliver Stone uses JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his 60s and 70s). Still, Scott gains a very good performance from Washington, just like Fanning, who finds much more than a typical guy. Harry Gregson-Williams's Spanish guitar score is enhanced by Chopin, Debussy and even the classic 1977 country-rock version of "Blue Bayou" by Linda Ronstadt. Although the overall movie is quite violent, it's not worse than most action films in the past ten years and overall is much better than most.
