Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. It is also the name of the Australian film that used to be the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is labeled as a romantic comedy. This could be slightly misleading because it is not a "jolly" film, nor is it a romantic moment in the traditional sense, but it has a light moment. Just like life itself there are moments of sadness. He is also completely shot on the nudist beach mentioned above and nudity runs along the length of the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept it as normal and to concentrate on the plot, not on a large amount of meat. Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car to the beach park. They take their belongings to the beach and as they walk, the voice of Simon's conversation about his confusion about real love. The rest of the film is a survey of one that is bordered by one day on the beach. The basic story is what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted by several separate vignettes. When they arrive at the beach, Simon and Marcie seem to be bored with each other. Marcia sees them as a romantic couple "Romeo and Julie". Simon is bored with it. We also introduced Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk along the beach together and discuss Gail's chances of finding a "perfect" man who helps him with the "forces" of a necklace that brought her grandmother good luck. The beach is a lot more interesting people, not all are "attractive" and young (part of the realization of this film). To serve the patrons on the beach is a fluffy, short-specled ice cream vendor with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), a friend of Simon, and is also his unofficial advisor. I think that character is the main comic book. But it's hard to say, because there is nothing about Ben that would laugh out loud to you, if you were not poisoned, male and very young! But Maslin Beach has a significant redemption, and that means that it has not been dealing with a topic for too long. Since the quality of acting is changing, the script is suspicious and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, lack of continuity is a positive asset. In fact, there is something about this film (not about nakedness) that I find appealing. It's hard to define what it is, but that might be something in common with his dull and totally "Aussie" attitude to bodily issues. The camera at Maslin Beach deserves mention. Sometimes it's very good, with some amazing static shots and "bowls" on the beach, cliffs and sunset. Since this film is the main factor of nudity, framing is an important aspect of working with the camera. There is no sense in free framing, which means framing is done so that the camera does not deal with "private" parts of the body. This helps alleviate any sense of the viewer's discomfort, being within the "personal space" of the subject, and making the movie more appealing. This is not an easy task because of the location for shooting. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is not a "skin touch" for post-pubescent, testosterone-packed men, nor the romance "Mills and Boon" for low-priced women. Maslin Beach does not seem to enter the genre. Actors are not "attractive" in Baywatch and are simply "normal" people you would see on the beach anywhere. It does not have a message that can be translated, and it's not like advertising in the field of tourism, other than for naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, filming could be in every sunny country. What makes this film clearly Australian is the fact that it is useless (cinema verite?) And only Australian cinematography and other medium-sized national cinemas could consider such a possibility of rash. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have space to experiment in identifying, and the "flop" will not be too damaging to their reputation. It is always possible because Maslin Beach is now a collector figure that the film could become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely. During this criticism I was very negative about the Maslin beach. This is not a real place because I found the film very easy to watch. I liked it as a reflection of real reality and real people (and problems). The problems encountered in the film are everyday and a bit of a spectacle. That, in my view, does not harm me, and I wish that more films be dealt with in a day-to-day fashion. There is a connection with the cinemas of Europe, and especially with the French film. They rarely deal with major catastrophes or disasters, but everyday. Hollywood is in direct disagreement with it and rides hyperrealistic action / drama / anxious waves. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it's not a reality. Maslin Beach is also not exactly "Jacques Tati," but it's on the right track, although it ignores the issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation, and so on, which have such a meaning in the current cinema. I'm sure you either love or hate this movie, with a small space for the middle part. <br /> <br />
