"The Muppets Take Manhattan" differs in many ways from every other Muppet movie. One of them remains the only Muppet movie that does not belong to Disney. Since 2008, the film still belongs to the 20th century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights to Muppets. Also, this film has a story that is very nonlinear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. Of course, it's very hard to beat the original "Muppet film" since 1979, especially since then he had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one way "Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is perhaps a surprisingly realistic scenario. In the first film, all muppets have really got to do, go to Hollywood, go to the agent's office and immediately get the "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film, Muppets learns that he really has to work for his desired success, and it's much harder, especially fun, than originally thought. This is an important and often overlooked message if one is willing to break the belief that Muppets, though small and made of fabric, does not necessarily live in a spacious place or even eat. Above all, their struggle to create a very good story after graduating from college. Another note: Celebrity cameo in the movie was cool and surprisingly they managed to take off the reflector from Muppets. This ability is proof to Henson and how attractive Muppet characters are, even for adults. Where "Manhattan" falls and that's where I'm sure people disagree with me is with some of the main songs, especially at the end. I thought the wedding song "It will make me happy" was too happy for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song playing at the funeral. Every time I look at this movie, I hear that this song is worrying me, especially when the film starts on the so-called "Together Again" and ends happily. "Saying Goodbye" was also a sad figure, but it was better suited for the movie because Muppets had disintegrated and were not sure they would come back again. This last song was so weak, and perhaps even adds to the misery of young viewers that they see their favorite Muppets, leaving a big screen. "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is a good overall movie and one that goes on the beat of another drum than other Muppet's films, including those newer after the deaths of Jim Henson and Richard Huntt. Fortunately, the film is marching in the same direction. I just wanted the film to end on a better song that was not so melancholy. Plus, Disney should get the copyrights of this movie and give him the correct DVD release. Maybe someday. We'll see.
