It was the third Muppeth film, and the last Jim Henson was involved in production before his premature death in 1990. The first three films starring famous characters were all made and released to theaters before I was born. I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" around the mid-1990s as a child but did not see this third "The Muppets Take Manhattan" by April 2007. That was shortly after I saw his two predecessors and 1996 "Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie did not disappoint me for the first time when I saw it for the first time, and my second tour almost three years later may not have made me the same, but if not, it was definitely not too far. </ B> <br /> The Muppet Stage Musical, "Manhattan Melody," appears to be a big hit on their university campus. They graduate from college, so they leave soon, but they decide to stay together and go to Manhattan to try to get their show on Broadway. Upon their arrival, they begin to look for the producer, but after many rejections they finally decide to say goodbye and go to find a job. Most leave the city, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right producer and rejoin Muppet's gang. He got a job at a restaurant in New York owned by Pete. The frog swells quickly into Pete's daughter, Jenny, an aspirational fashion designer who is currently working in her father's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues her efforts to reach the star, Jenny now does not know that Miss Piggy secretly resided in New York City and is now spying on him. She starts to see Kermit and Jenny together and seems to be coming, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I first saw this movie, it was a disappointment at first. It seemed to be somewhat hurried, blurred and perhaps even forgotten at first. During this part of the movie, some fun bits appear, such as an animal that chases a woman through an audience on a campus campus, but for a while the film seems to me to be faint in comparison to my two predecessors. Fortunately, that has long since changed. The movie is fun for the most part, with "Saying Goodbye", the horrific song Muppets sings while they part, and a lot of what happens after that. The two most amusing parts may be Miss Piggy's fits after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging but definitely repeated many times when I laughed, like poor Fozzie, who tried to sleep with other bears. Muppets still have their magic and comic legends, which also probably helps to carry the film for the most part, as well as the story, simple but interesting for all ages. There are some weaker moments like the Muppet Babies, and the performance of Julian Donald as Jenny is insignificant, but none of these issues are too important and not so far as to destroy the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I think the movie "Muppet Movie", which started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and seems to be the most popular view. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the franchise theatrical films happened after Henson's sad walk, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into the details of what I think of the 1999 Muppets movie that was released twenty years after their first because I already explained in my review why I thought it was so disappointed, and although it has some appeal, obviously I'm not alone. However, every theatrical feature that plays the love Muppets, which was created during Henson's life, is good for the whole family, although the second and third installments show a slight decrease in quality after the one that preceded it.
