This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if Sammo Hung did not spend some time watching the movies of the great French comic book Jaques Tati (i. E., Jour de fête), of course, at the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> I personally think that Tati's movies are fun; but they are not in taste. Some have told me they are looking at their work. I never figured out why, but I think it's because the character that Dad usually plays alone is so totally dead Mr., so unaffected by the events around him (which usually causes) that many lack the finer comic pieces that go around His father-or at least his best-known father - is to take the carefully upright small bourgeoisie with sensitivity from the 19th century and put him in France in the 20th century where he has to confront a society that is largely defined by gradual disruption of these sensibilities. He usually has serious problems with small things like record players or radio. It's a danger in the car, but the world is not safer when it rides a bike. But through all this, he never loses his breath, which is derived from his inner recognition, that the 19th century was more interesting than the 20th overall. Similarly, the game Sammo Hung playing country boy comes to the big city of Hong Kong, absolutely convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies. It gets into trouble in small ways because it takes a sudden accident that would never be recorded in a small town but considered inappropriate in a big city-for example, when it appears to be urinating on the street. he stops him just to find out that Hung is actually pushing water out of his shirt, dipped in an accidental dip into the bay. What's interesting is why Hung does not understand what the whole cop is upset about - in a rural town until nobody is watching if you have to go, you have to go. In other words, Hung is not on the street - but surely - and what is a problem officer? However, Hung's obsession with Bruce Leo is also in great trouble. He defeats the gang of criminals who refused to pay their uncle in the restaurant. Of course, in Bruce Lee's movie, fools will be considered nasty and they would learn their lesson. But in Hung Hong Kong, reality is prevalent and criminals return when they are not around to suffer their uncle. Of course, Hung eventually won, as did Daddy. Such characters always have to triumph (at least in comedy) because they are totally innocent, and despite their comical mistakes and misunderstandings they really represent what is best in the people we admire and wish to be. We do not want to be Bruce Lee (who must experience the loss of all his friends before he gets a chance to defeat a bad man), we, in our own innocence, really want a world where Lee's heroes are possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the world exists only in the movie. "" But what if ...? "- and on this question we find Sammo Hung in his best comedy.
