Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of the film. That is not a problem. Sets are cheese, inside and out. The fog is ubiquitous, half masks the production hide. If the bar is, the name on the small front window simply says: "Wine and spirits." The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. No shot from the city or even a fake panorama. This is the kind of dublin story, just like Jack Ripper's films are about the cruel, hazy, cobbled Whitechapel. Who would want it differently? How could it be any other option if they did not have stars, a small budget and a four-week shooting plan? This is a scenario that is ubiquitous. Sometimes, my God, it's positively unbearable. Mrs. McPhillips moaned when Frankie was shot in front of the house. Victor McLaglin, however, brings exactly the right kind of performance. The wardrobe stuffed him into a tiny cloak, so he seems to have disappeared like Frankenstein's monster. Every movement seems to be a little farther than intended. When he shakes his head on his head, he slides into the temple. A big, delusional, stupid child seems to be getting drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward that will take his and his future girl to America, not a good man in the normal sense. Still, he's raging when he starts to spend 20 pounds more and more during a wild, alcoholic night, because every expensive and grandiose gesture turns him away from his dream. I do not understand, but I understand why he won the Oscar. As for Max Steiner's score, every movement that has already been overwhelmed is not only underlined by Mickey Mouse's music but emphasized in a shiny yellow color. It was not supposed to happen - the heavenly choirs, the cute young charm, the minstrel guy, and the grumpy melody while McLaglen was drinking from the bottle. It would be better if there was no score at all. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it as a whole? Dated - any measure, but not the product of his time. That's why I admire it. Yes, symbolic is sometimes clumsy. McLaglen, the real mannequin, struck his head on the hanging sign. Fog. A blind man. But what impresses me is how little time it has been tried. What seems to us to be an exaggerated art today was something quite different from what was seen in most of the programmers who were out of the question in 1936. If this is the case, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, politically and morally and poetically. (The Legion of Grace condemned it because of the scene in the brothel.) The goal of the director should overcome his grasp, or why is it a script? Watching this now, however, in 2006 the story is more worrying than ever. John Ford of course sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only from what they consider necessary. ("Does he know more than he can live, what if he goes to Tans?" "It, I do not know, I think, but all of us, Ireland itself." The Irish are sentimental and sympathetic, I wonder if the jihadists In the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their violent acts.
