In the mid-1930s Hollywood regained its confidence in the difficulties of switching from talk. Although all the technical problems of the sound were solved very quickly, it solved the question of what the spoken images should look like, how they should be structured and how they should be. The informant is a key picture in showing how far words without a word can be narrated without telling the story, to promote images of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. This does not mean that Informer is really a return to the golden floor of silence. One thing, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narrative, and they were overloaded titles. But what the informant has is self-confidence to extend moments between dialogues, concentrate on reactions more than speeches and let the shots play simply for the atmosphere. Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a filmmaker who seemed to have made efforts in proportion to what interest he had in the material. If he thought the story was stupid, he just did it in half. Fortunately, the informant, with a picture of the community, honesty, the working class life and especially the Irish environment, was all that Ford loved and the result is one of his best works. In fact, Ford is really busy with too many shots. First is the place? Dublin streets shrouded in fog and darkness, so their deepest depths can not be seen; where the walls and ceilings seem to interfere with us. The second is from the face, striking close up on a plain background, usually without dialogue, focusing on the inner conflicts of these people. The lead man Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of shooting him. McLaglen's performance does not look very good, because it's about 90% of drunken behavior. But another 10% is heartfelt emotion, because there and there his Gypo Nolan considers what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With such performances, Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by point support for cast, with no weak links. It is especially nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in comic relief roles that play the same dramatic parts once (though Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and a lot of its way is serious). Not only do these two perform incredibly deep performances, but their knowledge of most of the audience like comedic players makes another remark that their part in this tragedy is tremendous. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced an informant, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take the risks of all major studies. Thanks to that, we are able to see a horrible story with a contemptuous anti-hero in his center, which could be simply a clumsy, convincing mess instead of being filled with the moody atmosphere and depth of the character that holds and watches us attracts us into the world.
