Like many people, I have begun to find my patience that this film has been testing. In the end, I actually broke a few tears. Apparently, it's basically most of the old films that run after 7/8. Lengths and then fire at the end. Older filmmakers learned patiently to hide their time with slow parts, reassuring themselves with the realization that a big payout is on their way. But that is not quite accurate. You see, in previous listeners, what are the "slow parts" that are the main part of the story. They observed and found an unofficial and thematic interest there. The modern audience, post-Spielberg, is in a constant state of waiting to be hit by a small climax every two minutes when he sees older films. It is the inflationary problem of modern films. Well, that will not happen. For these films, there is no need to apologize; it's just that you have to adapt your expectations and personal rhythm when you watch them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and the informant is the difference between Euripides and the travel production of the rental. Think about it in a minute or two. It does not seem obvious, but Euripides deserves to hear. <br /> <br /> "An interesting part" for most modern viewers begins with the IRA trio scene and lasts for the last minute if you're on board or even paying attention until then, tears your heart out. It is not a universal abstract request for forgiveness; it is the request of one of them, and of those who like it for a great farewell, for grace. It's personal, an embarrassing naked appeal. Because after being overwhelmed by Gypa, he thought he was the most powerful figure of all time, you would finally find yourself victorious at the scene of a former girlfriend Gypa who had asked the other woman to talk to her husband to relieve him. <br /> <br /> The film may be sentimental, but sentimentality is not cheap as some people have charged. There's the question of life and death that's happening here, and if you take seriously a suggestion of life to a customer, it's sentimentality that avoided the most serious things. 8 out of 10. And the mistake that it is not 10 out of 10 is my own and to some extent yours if you are reading it. We have all asked for more, more and more, faster, and faster, until we succeed in 1935 - just yesterday, really - as easily as we should be capable of.
