**** SPOILERS **** The Powerhouse movie shows how men in a desperate situation can go so far as to sacrifice their best friends and family members and they do not realize what the monsters are by doing it. As with a bull like Gypo Noland, Victor Mclaglen, it's too late. It is 1922 and a tall Irish and black rebellion against the mighty British empire with Tans, British occupied soldiers, sought out the sought-after Irish Republican uprising by Frankie McPhillipa Wallace Ford and wanted to kill a brigade soldier. Gypo is a good, really best friend of refugee McPhillip is on his luck that he does not work with his girlfriend Katie, Margot Graham, forced to do tricks in Dublin's red-light district to pay her rent. /> <br /> After an indignant Gypa who worked on a potential John who wants to spend several hours with Katie, behind shit or two, an angry Katie tells such a clear Gyro that he prevents her from leaning on a single bank asset , which she has, her body. Katie also tells Gypa that she should wake up to reality and realize the desperate situation she is in. He tells Gyro that it would cost only ten pounds of sterling to go to America and get out of poverty in Ireland. Gypo suddenly recalls the poster of his good friend, Frankie McPhillip, who he just saw when he announced a 20 pound sterling reward. That's enough money for him and Kaite who travel to America. Gypo, who is going to the local Dublin flop and soup kitchen to get food for free, is surprised to find his friend Frankie McPhillipa. Frankie tells him he went to Dublin to look at both his mother, Mrs. McPhillipo, her sister Mary, Una O'Connor, and Heather Angel, and if she can make sure everything is safe to come home and later went to his Irish Republican unit outside the city. <br /> <br /> All of Gypo can see in Frankie's face that he is rewarding 20 pounds of sterling for turning into police! Without further thinking, Frank assured that everything was all right, Gypo secretly went to the police and informed his friend, who later shot and killed the police and gunman Tan in his house. </ p> <p> Soon, the police chief surrenders 20 pounds of sterling, like thirty silver, almost without the emotion of Gypo, who takes her and slips the back door of the police station for someone to see. In the face and activities of the police chief you can see that he has nothing but complete contempt for betraying Gypa from his friend Frankie McPhillip. Although he wanted to be a murderer and an enemy of the British Empire. This way, those who are secretly working with the low traitors or informants. Gypo turns out to be his worst enemy after betraying Frankie as his conscience took control of his mind. Gypo sees and hears all, including her unsuspecting friend Katie, pointing his finger and engaging him in Frankie's betrayal and death in the hands of the British authorities. Gyp's Wisdom Mind thinks he has been gloriously and gullibly drunk for rewarding money that when he was forced to admit his crime to colleagues from the Irish Republican Army who had almost a dead drunk and dying Gypa in court, the fact that he left in his drinking and belly party. Whatever the good feelings, if possible, that you had weak and strong shoulders, Gypo was completely destroyed, when you are in complete despair not to get shot, he fake the innocent man Mulligan, Donald Meeck, in his the crime of informing Frankie McPhillips of his friend. Which is quickly displayed as a total production by anyone other than the grandson himself Gypo. The dye is then cast as straw that would be the ones that should give the bullet in the Gypo head for the final intestines of the spilling of the chapter of this heart to annoy and the unforgettable Crime & Punishment classic.
