And again, early in the morning television shows an invaluable source for movies that I would not otherwise be able to trace. At four o'clock in the morning, I stumbled out of bed and started recording "The Informer (1935)," my fourth film by the prolific American director, John Ford, and excellent in it. During the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel by the same name, Liam O'Flaherty. Although born in the United States and most famous for his "Americana", both of Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to drive the film. Viktor McLaglen plays a hero known, but unbelieving, who tells about old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford) to earn a £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Graham). When Frankie was killed during an attempted arrest, the Irish Republican Army, whose members were Frankie and Gypo, began investigating a traitor behind an incident, each key approaching the real culprit. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is guilty of his boyfriend's premature death and descends into a heavy drinking bout that rivals Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in his excessive mood. When Gypo drowns his pain in a large volume of alcohol trapped in a vicious little circle of depression, his extravagant expense captures the attention of investigating IRA members. One of his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including entertainer J.M. Kerrigan), who applauds him excitedly and baptizes him "King Gypa" for his physical strength. It is obvious, however, that these people have no affection for men and are simply paying attention to use it for money. The additional 20 pounds that brought Frankie's death could never buy Gypo's friends' gathering? In fact, in the bitter loop of irony, the money was possible only through betrayal and the loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple person could not fully understand the consequences of his actions, and was eventually offered forgiveness on the grounds that he "did not know what he was doing," but his foolishness must not remain without punishment. <br /> <br /> Critics are occasionally compared with Ford's film for allegedly propaganda support for a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude obviously depends on personal views (they certainly do not know enough Irish history to decide), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as an unselfish, devoted and impartial, proud piece of Irish patriotism that he has ever seen. The main theme of the story is betrayal; driven by intense poverty, an ordinary person pretends to trust his good friend and comes to deeply regret his actions. Tortured Gypo is mainly played for compassion, and Victor McLaglen gives executive performance that pretends life to be unsatisfactory, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to anxious death. "The Informer" was the first Oscar winner John Ford, who won four awards (including six nominations), including Best Actor McLaglen (who took the statue of three-sided favorites "Mutiny na bounty (1935)"), Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols (which refused the award due to the Union's disagreements).
