John Ford is one of the most influential and best-memorable American movie makers in the history of film, whose name is usually associated with the Western film genre. However, John Ford is probably the best film not to be a Western but dramatic drama in Irish fear of independence in the early 1920s: 1935's The Informer. The Times are tough in many in Ireland and the burnt Gypo Nolan is caught in a network of poverty and despair - and the walls are closing. Gypo is big, but it is not the brightest bulb on a tree, it has a warm heart, but a short fuse and never seems to really think things, but it's not a criminal or a selfish pig. Walking along the streets that do not have a place to live, Gypa Nolan will find herself in Katie Madden, the first lady in her life, on the streets who, for her own desperate situation, is trying to dream of taking her to the United States, had 20 pounds to pay it. As if he was lucky, his friend Frankie is back in town with a price of 20 pounds per head and Gypo is desperate to inform the police of Frankie's place of residence. Gypo, with a new 20 pounds of blood money, finds this misty night especially foggy when everyone is spreading guilt and the IRA invests all his resources to find Frankie's informant. Victor McLaglen portrays fallen Gypa Nolan and definitely deserved the Oscar for the best actor he has won for this film. His crude, silly and gentle turns give him a character dimension, and McLaglen is only the second personality of Dudley Moore Arthur Bach from 1981's Arthur, the most entertaining movie drunk. The performance of Margot Graham as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who really feel. Preston Foster is particularly miscast as the head of the IRA, mainly because he is most apparently not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on the irritating during his role in the film, but this disappointment supports the cast's film is just a bad point. <br /> <br /> Frequently overshadowed by some of Ford's well-known Westerns, such as the seeker or the man who shot Liberty Valance, the informant is easily one of John Ford's best films - if not the best. Beginning with a long career in Oscar nominations and John Ford's win, The Informer won four Oscars, including one for him as Best Director in 1936. Ford and the company use the shadows and light in the film are particularly engaging and vital to telling the story. Gypo's walk through the streets is narrated by the grim state of the city and the sharp accusations of street lamps, each shadow constantly reminiscent of his dark deed. Ford's control of this technique was amazing to watch; if The Informer was produced 10 years later (which became genre requirements), it would probably be considered one of the best noir films of all time, but that does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classical film.
