Perhaps this is because I looked at the history of Irish problems in the 1920s and then on the sad civil war that, after signing the treaty before I watched this film, swept the Free State. Anyway, the sudden turn at the end brought me tears in my eyes. Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was, and should remember it better. In this movie I think he plays himself as if he were without his innate talent and brain. For example, scenes where a friend in the crowd calls on men to fight him are likely to recall what McLaglen actually did in previous years when he was a boxer on world-class bare joints. John Ford is partly responsible for this; The IMDb trivia section shows McLaglen cheating on him to get a really bad hangover on the test scene. This director could also excel in his actor, even without such tricks. But most of the time, McLaglen definitely directs himself, especially when his character is almost completely blotto (which is hard for the actors to do credibly) and also plays Gypo Nolan with a deep and emotional power that is surprising for someone who has only seen McLaglen later in his career in "The Quiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role as a human IRA and much more clearly controlled performance that IRA man Denis Hogan gave in "Hangman's House". <br /> <br /> In "Silent Men", of course, McLaglen is the ultimate gentleman in contradiction with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was big and angry in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, and he was capable of a wide range of fine nuances of performance that we did not expect from such a person today. It's a rather sad commentary on our own series of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, packs a lot into a movie. All the characters are excellent (though the Commandant's mostly American accent is distraction) - NOTE: There are spoilers ahead of us! - They knew that Gypo once drew short straw and was ordered to kill a man, but let him talk instead of really empathize with a man who draws a short straw for the Gypa and humanity he shows most especially when they go to take Gypo in Mary's room . <br /> <br /> John Ford actually shows his genius here, but it could be the horrific and yet-awaited outcome of the whole story and instead use it to create a completely unexpected and yet very satisfying end that will make us not only from Gypo and of other figures, but from poor Ireland during that tortured time.
