Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford THE INFORMER, reminded me of the circus man from Fellini LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played a fearsome man who could even have been influenced by the Oscar-winning Oscar-winning McLaglen. Poverty in Dublin is a real, atmospheric picture that takes place in 1922. Dense fog and long wet night are the main elements of the story of deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The confrontation of individuality and the cause is what INFORMER does. McLaglen's big, simple figure just wants to go to America and often remind us of the price of the ticket. Two different signs have become the psychic center of drunken Ireland. One is the previous, the other is a WANTED sign. Should he do it and get money? John Ford once famously said, "My name is Ford, I'm doing the Westerns." After seeing this movie, he could probably do much more. The serious social issues that are dealt with here are sincere and those that you find yourself in thinking. And the look of this work is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows that break into a wretched Irish night. Ford has always been known for its luminescent, beautiful cinematography that has helped anticipate conflicts in its characters. It's a tough color, but he did it in paintings like THE SEARCHERS, painting John Wayne somewhat ominously. Victor McLaglen's performance not only illuminates, but thanks to the simple simplicity of his acting. It fits a lot. He knocks people. It's rude to know nothing better. But he should know if IRA is crossing or not. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie and find out what's going on. Take a look at McLaglen and Ford's patriotic IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in responding to character gestures and putting more emphasis on them. This was usually seen only in silent movies, especially in Chaplin. The topic of naming names or "informing" is of course still important. Just look at how the media covered this year's Oscars, which pay much attention to the scandal Elia Kazan.
