I have no doubt that Victor McLaglen won his best Oscar for this film thanks to a three-way division between Mutins on the bass of Clark Gable, Charles Laughton and Franchot Tone, who were all in the same race. But The Informer is still a great movie because John Ford would not be his first best Oscar director, if it were not. In the film and the story by Liam O'Flaherty on which he is based there is no fault. The film and story is based on including a poor simpleton man named Gypo Nolan, who was once a member of the Irish Republican Army. He was thrown out of it for some stupid piece he'd pulled out and wanted back. He is down to the last pension, and if he can not come back he needs enough to go to America. The information that led to the arrest of a former comrade named Frankie McPhillip played by Wallace Ford is a reward for twenty pounds. At the moment of weakness he goes to the Black and Tan console and informs McPhillip. The IRA is quite cautious to find out who took McPhillip out and are quite convinced it was McLaglen. He does not know that he really covers his own traces. He makes little effort to join another man named Peter Mulligan starring Donald Meek. He also picks up the lock played by J.M. Kerrigan. The entire The Informer event takes place in Dublin in 1922 from about six evenings until the next morning. From necessity he is shot in the darkness and shadows, which may be the first New York thriller. If it were done after the Second World War, Informer would be considered a great New York classic, such as Odd Man Out or The Third Man, much like it. John Ford knew this world very well. He did some time during the rebellion, and at that time he was in Ireland and had a brother who was in the IRA. His real name before being anglicized was Sean O'Fiernan. Preston Foster plays IRA commander Dan Gallagher. Gallagher is a heavier and poorer man than Foster has. My guess is that John Ford wanted him to be a nice character to get some interest in the movie fans. Clarifies that Foster must exclude the informant because Black and Tans will grab him and get him much more and the whole organization will be threatened. The IRA test scene is the pinnacle of the film. When Foster asks Donald Meeek to acknowledge the authority of his trial, Meek is unable to say no. The royal righteousness and the document are not running here. Graphically showing at this time, despite the occupation of the army troops and the consular office, the British are actually losing their influence on the population. Of course, the informant has a somewhat cruel story that his John Ford touches, but rather less than you would expect. Even if McLaglen spends his money on a drunken disaster, the IRA is constantly in the shadow watching him and counting every farthing. Informer is a story that was somewhat humiliated and gloomy in Ireland.
