With the release of the famous trilogy "The Lord of the Rings" by Peter Jackson, it is even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's 1978 "The Lord of the Rings" movie as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is a necessary film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying the ambitious pioneering efforts of Bakshi. Jackson admitted that he had at least some inspiration from seeing Bakshi's film, and there are some clear similarities between their edits. Movie colorful scenes are excellent and the score is unforgettable. I was mostly happy with character drawings. The Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel pairs are mostly indistinguishable from each other visually, Balrog and Treebeard did not act, but these points did not bother me much. However, Nazgul is appropriately cartooned and made sufficiently mysterious. The only character I was bothered about was Samova; he was made to look undecomingly stupid. <br /> <br /> This movie is a novel for his animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, alive actors are incorporated into animation using rotoscoping. It is quite clear which characters are drawn manually and that are roto-mutton, yet I have found that the film style was new. Using rotoscopic live actors for combat scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes well. <br /> <br /> Voice acting was generally of high quality. John Hurt was particularly good at giving an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not of my favorite character, but according to John Hurt's voice, in this adaptation, my favorite character. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was irritating and added to his unfortunate silly picture. The only other annoying part of voice acting is a bad penetration of the names of characters and places. Particularly strange was the decision that Saruman is often referred to as "Aruman". In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi expected the ability to produce two films. This film, therefore, contains about half of the story, from the beginning of "Ring Communities" to the end of the Battle of Helm's Deep Sea in "Two Towers". The obvious consequence of this is that the movie's story is a very truncated version of the story from the books. I like original stories and more thorough adaptations, but the freedoms that have become a compression of the story have not bothered me, even the choice to leave Arwen. Enough of the key elements of the story was in this film to keep me behind, and it was even news that I can welcome half the story Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. Combat scenes were an impressive and especially orc march, and the battle at Helm's Deepwater was enormous. Ralph Bakshi's "Lord of the Rings" version is not perfect, and undoubtedly many Lord of the Ring readers are lamenting the differences in the story. For me, however, the disadvantages of this film were less than exciting to see the effective adaptation of the mid-trilogy. My only strong propensity is that I can not see the second part of this "first big story" of Lord of the Rings, because Bakshi was not given a budget to make a sequel.
