I like this movie, and I am angry that so many "reviewers" put it under Peter Jackson's trilogy. The film novel is always interpretative; In particular, the animated film relies on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. When talking as a purist, it is better than Tolkien's score than the updated version. While this film has its mistakes, it remains more true to the source, especially in terms of characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is depicted as weak, constantly contemplating, manipulating around himself and never dying on his two legs (that is both physically and metaphorically true). You are wondering why the fate of this uncontrollable biscuit has decided to transfer one ring to the Trick of Destruction. Jackson inadvertently transcribes Tolkien and denies Frodo from his most beautiful moment when he allows Arwen to save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original and represents Frodo, who asks the Wraith "Go back and I'm upset!" Bakshi retains Frodo's character as Tolkien took it. We see his decline as his load increases. Frodo is so crucial to Lord of the Rings why you wonder why Jackson took such freedom (it does so with many characters) because the evolution of the character propelled a conspiracy to his inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film is better scrutinizing the company between Legolas and Gimli in several salient scenes that are totally missing in the Jackson version. Similarly, we see that Boromir swung with Pippin and Merry, and supported the idea of ​​communion. In my opinion, camaraderie is more developed in an animated version than a live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important element in novels, and Bakshi makes it in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the "Merry Old Inn" song, minutes before they hit the Strider. The cheerful melody is coolly attached to the darker dark music, when Frodo is dangerously exposed for a few seconds, invisible to his friends but visible to the wraiths. It's one of the most appealing parts of the movie and it always freezes when I see it. A well-documented budget / time constraint limits the final impact of this film, but if it is completed, it can have more resonance with more viewers. As it is, it is worth seeing. Even his critics admit that Peter Jackson has won much of his inspiration from this prototype.
