Godard once said that the way to criticize the film is that it is the only and probably the strongest kind that could be made in connection with the takeover of Tolkien's magnum Opus Lord of the Rings Ralph Bakshi was actually made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy for me is not even a masterpiece, but every book has enough space to breathe in all the postmodern techniques that go beyond the classic narrative narratives to make them very good and entertaining. <br /> <br /> But as a person who did not read the book, I will now end up with these two versions, live events (albeit partially animated in great visual effect) and animated (albeit partially done with current live events as a framework) the relation to the basic story itself, or even the complete loyalty to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's almost unjust, because what we see is not really a complete vision, and not what Jackson really had (eventually). Forgetting the return of the king's great story, and with the other two parts, he divested, eventually I liked more for what he did within his limits, though these constraints disappointed. <br /> <br /> What is also interesting after I first saw Jackson movies - which I also kind of regret to react to when I was younger and five years ago - is that you never get the basics of the story wrong. Everything that's really needed to tell the story of Fellowship of the Ring is actually quite intact, and if there's anything in this chapter that's probably even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book. Actors playing hobbies and other heroes are more or less adequate for individual parts and a few parts stand (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of extra characterization will end up with things appearing to be somewhat of a face value for those who have not seen other movies or read books and can not link them. But there is a certain level of interest always with characters, and there is an older fashion sensibility in the middle of a big aura that there is more. This is not a garden variety of Disney adaptation - warts and everything, it's a Bakshi movie whose underground animation roots collide with the mythic world of Middle Earth. And what Bakshi and his animation team brings a movie is one that ends up giving what's on the screen in its abridged form, its hit or miss appeal. Together with the fact that it is not complete as a movie or as a story, the form of the film is an experiment to see if something is completely rotoscopized. The results will end with bringing what seems retro, but at the time of course it was something that was harsh, crazy inspiration from the creators. Could it be better with more traditional cartoons? In some parts, yeah; it will become a bit noticeable, as was the case with Bakshi's American pop, that the main characters are moving in a way that they are a little restless, like some form of comic books made in a different way. Yet there is a lot of admirable things to do. <br /> <br /> For example, the orcs have found that they are really amazing in that they are unreal surroundings. It is perhaps the best part of a combination of animation at the top of a live event, especially in parts where there is no battle (that's really a real hit or miss part because it is not the continuity of good and bad rotoscopes), and a large large- . It's scary. And the background, though very rough and sometimes too skeptical, are beautiful with blends and explosions of colors together. It is almost for fans of art film, as well as for rings. So, how would I recommend this animated to take the Lord of the Rings? I do not know, tell the truth. It's definitely a good lead over Tolkien's second animated movie I've seen, Hobbit (and I've seen animated ROTK), and real art is under way. There is also some compressed dialogue, the all-too-rushed two tower segment with the most interesting Gollum figure being reduced to maybe two scenes in all. And when we see something so fragmented, it only ends up reinforcing the completeness of newer films. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of books who think you can verify it, I think it's worth a chance, even if it's one of the chances you look for forty minutes and then you decide whether to stop or not. As far as another Bakshi film is concerned, I have seen it as an impressive ambitious and spotted success, where, like Lynch's dune, a dark, mordorous line must be formed in the sand between those who passionately hate her and those, I do not.
