As an animated film from 1978, it's quite good - generally far above the standard of days when Disney did nothing good in years (and Tolkien cared for Disney in the same way). It gains interesting points for innovative and careful work with the camera, applying cinematographic techniques with relative success. Much rotten rotoscopy works quite well, especially with Ringwraiths and initial narratives. However, it is so drastically overdrawn - perhaps as a money saving technique - that it impacts the overall effect. The same technique that makes wraiths a haunted and different world does not fit in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> When it comes to tailoring the story, it's pretty good. We are losing small pieces here, small details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We will compress several characters, such as the reworking of Legolas as one of the households of Elrond and old friend Aragorn, but it is rather a wise decision for the film. In the books, you have space to include references to the Greater Elves and the enormous history of Middle Earth. In the movie, you trade for visual and sound, which carries the same elements in a different way. Nothing is really lost here, and although I have a few notes about some changes, I am generally happy with it. If only Sarah's name did not happen, often referred to as Aruman, he probably decided that it was more different from the similar name Sauron; it took me the second time before I was sure I did not hear him. It is also uncomfortable that Boromir is the bloody scene of the Vikings and is irritated from the beginning. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most other voices are excellent. If John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. Of course, the film, which ends in the middle of the story, has built a great disappointment here. What is far, much worse, is the very poor job done by the Rankin & Bass crew to continue. The fact that they were allowed Return of the King after the Hobbit massacre remains a huge mystery; they seem to be more interested in bad songs than in correct narratives. For all his mistakes, the heart of this film is firmly in place, and it is very difficult to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming film series will be in line with his vision ...
