More than twenty years before the visionary adaptation of Lord of the Rings, Peter Jackson, Ralph Bakshi's animated effort from 1978 arose. The ambitious and reasonably faithful version of this story is unfortunately overshadowed by Jackson's trilogy. Many reviewers here on IMDb (especially those who saw the newer version first) seem to be extremely concerned about this version .... but if you use little common sense and take into account the time when the technical possibilities that existed in that then he realizes it's a pretty good movie. In fact it was shortly after I saw this animated film back in the early 1980's that I was looking for Tolkien's book and immediately became a life-long fan of these richly detailed Middle Earth adventures. So in some respects I owe this film some degree of recognition as a film that has shaped my literary taste forever. Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle Earth, creates a versatile ring that gives him incredible power. After the great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into possession of the king named Isildur. but instead of destroying him, he foolishly decides to keep him. For centuries, the ring has passed from hand to hand, and ultimately comes to the hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peaceful community known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a sorceress named Gandalf that his ring is in fact the only ring, the same thing Sauron has fought for all the centuries, and that his master is looking for him again to restore his dark power all over the land. Frodo embarked on a dangerous path to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but every step they pursue with Sauron's rings, the Black Riders. This is followed by a series of adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is set up to lead the ring to a single place where it can be "unmade"? Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film closes with Frodo and his best friend, Sam, on the borders of Mordor, approaching their terrible goal. Meanwhile, Gandalf and other members of the company are fighting a huge army of orcs at the legendary Helm's Deep fortress. This version covers just over half of the original book. The second installment was scheduled to end the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. While the end is suddenly felt, at least it ends in a reasonable place in the story. One must feel a bit of frustration and regret that there is no sequel in which we could watch these animated heroes for their ultimate goal. The animation is successful, with lots of places and figures presented in interesting details. Leonardo Rosenman's music is well suited and suited to an epic narrative. Voices are decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who makes a voice for Sam - is rather camp and Gothic, which is not very appropriate for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a praiseworthy attempt to visualize the stunning book on which he is founded.
