This film is, in my opinion, even though these are mistakes (which, in my opinion, are few), a complete masterpiece and great and wonderful art. What Mr. Bakshi did here is to create a totally beautiful film and show his huge talent and versatility as a director of animated films. It does not get the 1 / 100th merit that deserves to literally store the art of animation for adult audiences. If it was not Mr. Bakshi, I do not believe animation would survive the Disney attack. In addition, he created not only a beautiful animated film with Lord of the Rings but created a completely new artistic form - unfortunately he never touched. <br /> <br /> Most people will complain about the use of a rotoscope in a movie (using live action images that are used as background images and are often animated using different techniques from what appears to be small toning full blown animation). But I feel that people who complain about this simply can not accept the form of art that is out of the ordinary. No, this is not Disney animation. No, it's not a live action. No, it's not "cheating" - it's a new, fascinating and absolutely beautiful artistic form. Something so fresh and so new that it feels like home in such a fantastic story as "The Lord of the Rings". Bakshi's pioneering use of this technique brings the subtleties of the Middle Earth to life in a very dark and mysterious way, especially the darker of Tolkien's creatures, especially Nazgul, being realized in such a way that traditional animation or live action was not able to do that. The script by Petra S. Beagle (based very little, as I understand it at the beginning of the design by Chris Conkling) is a very loyal adaptation of Tolkien's works. Where possible, he uses the dialogue directly from the novel and thinks that he is at home in the world Bakshi created. There are many cuts that were made to fit into the first book and 3/4 into a single 2-hour 15-minute movie, but there are very few changes in history. There are several holes that would be nice to fill: the relocation of Narsil, the Galadriel gifts, the Huorns at the Battle of Hornburg, but once again with the time constraints that had (the longest animated feature in history), they are understandable (although it makes a wonder, as they might be explained in the following). Also there is a wonderful (one of my favorite) score Leonard Rosenman (who also scored Barry Lyndon and Star Trek IV (a score that is clearly based on his work LotR)). It's crazy and courageous and let me be perfect. It is based on its own orchestral triumph, but when it is connected with the paintings of the film, it enters a completely new world of symphonic perfection. So far from the typical Hollywood drive, it leaves many people behind. <br /> <br /> The voice actors are wonderful. Special attention is given to John Hurt as Aragorn, which is just the fruit of the Strider essence. <br /> <br /> Character design is also wonderfully unique, though not often to everyone's tastes. But remember, it's the duty of the director of adaptation to show you what he imagined and not what you might have imagined, so Aragorn is made with a distinctive American origin, and Boromir appears in Viking inspired clothing. Maybe this is not what you imagined, but I can only applaud Mr. Bakshi for showing us what he "saw". It should also be noted that Priscilla Tolkien spent considerable amount of time developing the film's distinctive suits. One more word - in my opinion, flight into the Ford sequence is one of the finest beautiful sequences ever to get the celluloid. Bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a while, and his mastery clearly shows the incredible tension he is capable of building. Bakshi's artistic ability and the incredible work of Tolkien fall apart in this line to be a glorious peak that is not yet to be compared. The recent DVD Warner Brothers (2001) is very much missing. While we can offer our eternal thanks to the film being finally available in a widescreen format, the package is pitifully insufficient extra. How wonderful it would be if he had a director's comment, it was possible to see 20 minutes of further shots that had been removed for the theatrical release. Another gorgeous addition would be the live action shots that were later revived. Part of the DVD release is also a horrible voice at the end of the film, which is a departure from the simple voice that appeared in the final finale of the film. This version is plastered and poorly rendered over musical climax scores. Of course, the biggest tragedy of all is that the sequel has never been done. We will never be able to see Bakshi's interpretation of Gondor, Shelob, Faramir, Crack of Fate, Eowyn's battle with the wizard king, or Gandalf's confrontation with him. We will never decorate Bakshi's image of Denethora or the Palatira or the Path of the Dead. It's a shame over all the shuffles that eventually they have to accept Hollywood's glimmer and glitter Peter Jackson, the action film version of these later events in Tolkien's masterpiece, but I suppose it's better than having everything on the film. <br /> <br /> David
