There is no doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne has some claim to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventurous stories that used amazing inventions like fence devices. Wells was deep and brought the story of his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy lies in the fact that there is very little evidence that people believe in life on other planets before the 20th century, where many people, including Richard Dawkins, are now considered almost certain. Of course, there is no evidence and one can not wonder that it's Wells who introduced it to human thinking? Undoubtedly it was Wells who planted the seed. THINGS TO COME was customized by Wells himself from his own novel. But it is rather obvious that he is unable to recognize the difference between the technical ability of writing novels and writing scripts. Dialouge is often loaded, heavy and unconvincing. One of the points is two pilots from enemy parties who are discussing the nature of the war: "Why do we have to kill each other? Why?" This reflects the critique, almost naked disdain that Orwell had at Wells in his Wells, Hitler and World States, and it is true that Wells' antiwar message is painfully overestimated. It would be impossible to believe that the conversation takes place between the RAF pilot and his recurring number in the Luftwaffe a few years later. It says it is absolutely fascinating to watch the 1935 film predicting the world war that took place in the 1940 and announcing the end of civilization. There is a breathtaking and spooky picture when the baby begins to entertain, as the phantom army and the breakup of society appear in the background, and Wanderng's fear of Wanderng's disease is splendidly accomplished. Even the rather lazy narrative that the year of the meeting is showing is incredible. These are the pictures that make this film together with the result of Arthur Bliss, making the film so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks the question of "The universe or nothing, what will it be?". In short, it's a film whose shortcomings can easily be forgiven
