it was the most expensive film when it was made. Sir Alexander Korda and H.G. Wells were both disappointed with his bad ratings - for good reason. it was and remains far away. except for the seemingly wrong direction, probably editing, at the beginning of the work moves along the stunning conclusion. Whether it is his "boss" role, Sir Ralph Richardson, or even better, his wife, Mr. Cedric, as a space rover, the roles of John Cabal Raymond Massey's center-all bring fashionable performances. <br /> <br /> Scene with mr. Kord's incomparable set of a little girl's child who went into a totally "untouchable" scene and commented, "Life is still loving and kind"? which quickly brings tears to any parent / grandparent. this is not a movie for the young - if not "experienced" and rather those who saw the "horror" it opposes. <br /> <br /> Certainly, 'fake parachuting' looks hockey by using a 'magnetic gun', now called the 'mass driver', can be considered ridiculous, vs. rockets --- give Sir Korda a break - Mr.. The study was conducted by Wells. and at +/- 8 million dollars, this film went beyond the "excessive budget" so he focused on what he could manage. The true strength of this greatest film lies in "John Kabbalah's" ultimate statement of human fate - his friend "Passworthy" doubts the wisdom of the universe, saying, "We are such a small animal." John Cabal's answer is (paraphrased) and if it is all we are, we must live and die as such. " stands under a large astronomical telescope. Locks his hand on the night sky. "Yet we can have the whole universe or nothing." - then the final choir falls apart - "Which is it?" --- this is not "Star Wars," "Blade Runner" --- what can you say is "great" --- this is real consciousness. I remember the last address of Steven Hawking on his latest 'Medal of Honor' --- 'Humankind must leave Earth or die. "- The core of this work - I love" standard entertainment "- yet this" monument ", for the wise audience, offers much more." Which is to be? "Be in the right" mood "--- what it takes --- it will take your breath away --- I 'guarontee' --- overall, for humanity's most significant cinema. <br /> <br /> Because of the broadcast, I noticed that many commented on the poor "media quality" of "surviving" In the 1980s, I developed a "proprietary" coloring process that required a "clean" original, which led me to Michael Kord, who unfortunately remarked that everyone was gone - so we must enjoy what remains - "sad, but true? "
