SYNOPSIS The future from the point of view of England in 1939. Since the war has appeared in Europe, the salvation of mankind is not in the past politics. It is in the meaningful new world of science to overcome the past mistakes of man. <br /> <br /> CONCEPT TO REMEMBER Look at your leaders and what you have been told. Thinking outside the box can lead to a brighter tomorrow. There will always be descent and fear and learning to overcome it's our only hope. <br /> <br /> PROS AND CONS I've seen this movie long ago and recently downloaded it from the Internet (it's in the public domain). This is a fascinating work at many levels. Since it is a story about the future of 1939, it has obvious shortcomings. This vision of the future is both frightening and moody. This film was the pinnacle for his day. Special effects are very good, just like the story line. Acting suffers a bit in the British way of thinking by leaning back a bit on Shakespeare. One of the main topics of the film is that science and technology can solve all of our problems that we now know is not always true. Other movies about movies are that charismatic leaders are the curse of human existence and are likely to always be with us. In this film, you can see the foundations of almost all later sci-fi movies. The scenario and wardrobe "Forbidden Planets", flaws in 2001 "Space Odessa" technology, even the lush landscapes / urban scenes "Star Wars" owe a certain amount of inspiration to this film. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie leaves the viewer a little confused. While she is optimistic in her final sequence of stars, we have a curiosity about whether humanity can handle it at all. Even if we get there, there are those who tried to keep us. This film vision of the future, while interesting is also somewhat humorous according to today's standards. Huge flying machines and weapons that could shoot people into space have never been seen in the real world, but in 1939 they were considered to be another logical step. In this film, young men are many great British actors. Cedric Hardwicke and Ralph Richardson are the most respected and their oratory skills are obvious here. Raymond Massey is a curious choice to play the main character, Cabel. His figure almost meets the way the new Christ sent to save the world from its own destruction with the new religion of science. This is a good piece of cinema history, whose themes are still relevant today, even though its vision of the future lacks a brand.
