This is probably the best of all Star Wars movies. <br /> <br /> The starting point of the film was almost like Episode IV - Space Cabaret Music and Cabaret Ideas where the gravity of the gangsta Jabba Hutta was even worse. He ordered Luke to die in the basement of the pit at Bantha, which looked like a cross between a bear and a shark. Luke's Jedi forces eventually complete the monster. Adding to the sneaky rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen alive at the end of E, Jabba was very angry that Luke was sentenced to die in the Sarlacc cave outside. Star Wars "good guys", especially R2-D2, had more ideas ... and those other ideas discouraged Luke's execution; Eventually, most of Jabb's soldiers died and Princess Leia was able to use force to smother Jabba to death. As in Episode IV, Death in Episode VI appears. When I analyzed an insurgency fleet that attacked the imperial warriors around the star of the star, a star Destroyer, I guessed, accelerated the main laser arming, and used the Imperial warriors as a diversion. The 20-25 Star Destroyers who were up against were ready to attack, but they were recalled, and instead the laser weapon on Death Star was a surprise surprise. Once fired, the only hope of the fleet was that the Death Star deflector shield would be eliminated and that caused Lando so much because he wanted to destroy the Dead Star but could not until the shield had been selected. And it was with Land's growing impatience. As in Episode V, Imperial Walkers are making their horrible looks with their twins and killing at least one of the Ewoks ... but the Ewoks found an ancient but unusual way to deal with them. For example, Chewbacca, like the other Ewok, managed to instruct one of the pedestrians (and actually used it to destroy one of the pedestrians), and the other Ewoks used to remove the other two pedestrians. > <br /> It's amazing what Luke could do with his Jedi forces on his Bright Saber, such as the scene on Endor, where Luke deflects incoming laser shots from the Speed ​​Storm Trooper motorcycle and uses Saber to get off the motorcycle. Or in the climax with the Saber, in order to separate his own shoulder in the last template struggle with Sith Vader. <br /> <br /> You probably know the Ewok celebration after the Death Star was blown, complete with a short (like Storm Trooper Masks), and Luke finally meets Leia on Luke's own Nemea - Darth Vader, now dead, burned on the pyre. The celebration includes singing the Ewoks, but I think Lucas did not buy it-even with a strong respect for filmmaker John Williams. In the home movie version, I think Lucas himself wanted another end. In addition to celebrating Endor, he wanted scenes of famous scenes on several surviving rebellious planets, including a festive laser shot that devastated Sith's statue. The Ewoks song was replaced by an alternative instrumental composition. He probably wanted other things to prove that with the destruction of Death Star, the balance was restored to the rebellious galaxy.
