If the scientists behaved like he was H.G. Wells convinced that they will be in the future, history would not be fully realized, as it happened in the Times that will come. It was almost 80 years around the point Wells wrote The Shape of Things to Come on which this film is based and not closer to the world she describes than before, in some ways still far. well-known players like Raymond Massey, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke are in charge, they are more cartoons than real characters. It's the main weakness of the film, it's devoted to Wells's philosophy of science that will solve all the problems and we are the other fools. Massey's characters, two generations of the same family, think that a supremely optimistic view. Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who feels that one is immersed too far. And Ralph Richardson is a warrior who came from the destruction of another thirty-year-old war fought with modern weapons. By the way, since the atomic bomb was not invented, poison gas was considered a weapon that almost destroys humanity. According to Wells, science and conquest can never mix. Scientists as a group are far above the world of politics to engage in such things. Wells Wells scientists have certainly fled the right-wing fascist government of Hitler and Mussolini. Those same people to defeat them, subordinate allies, and create the atomic weapons they led in modern times. If they behaved as well as Wells liked, someone like Albert Einstein would lead a junta of scientists who would start a new order after the Second World War. <br /> <br /> Wells did it badly both in time and in development. Obviously, he never imagined a computer or atomic energy. Computer programmers are far more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists. Still things that come, help William Cameron Menzies and the created files offer an interesting insight into the mind of H.G. Wells, a well-respected thinker of his time, though he did not quite prepare the shape of the Things to Come.
