The first two parts seek to reduce the absurdity of the rise of unstoppable wars and the rule of nationalist barbarians. The third part speculates that progress and exploration towards the moon and beyond is key to ensuring a meaningful use of human talent and resources. It has speeches that some audiences reject as naive or bombastic, but cause others to blink with excitement. Displays space weapons / launcher and helicopter, along with ingenious bulk communication devices, elevators, flat panel displays, and wireless intercoms. In buildings without windows it is likely likely to be incorrect in the future. But it depicts a child's vision of endless scientific / technological research. For me, it looks like a film about a group of rational thinkers led by Spinozean morality in an attempt to revive themselves and live ethically through scientific progress and a unified world government. Pro-progress figures (like the two Kabbalahs) believe that mankind could "live forever" by preserving our experiments and progress for future generations, always standing on our humanity as if on the shoulders of giants. <br /> <br /> Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: Space Odyssey) designed this film as Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent SF film. Kubrick hated him and said he would never watch another movie based on Clarke's recommendation (source: Clarke's special millennium introduction to his 2001 novel). Although late Clarke still suggested he was at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best SF movies. It has a beautiful artistic design of Menzies, but the average special effects (especially toys). I personally loved it, and I thought it was a great capture of the zeitgeist of modernity. He is a little naive about the credibility of creating a society without crime for a long time. It also seems unlikely as to the inevitability of progress. It seems to me that we could just as easily go back to the dark ages, or at least become scientist in science, that we are killing with overcrowding or our inability to escape the next great natural disaster. But it does show that it is important that public and boy threats are outraged for potential threats from space accidents and deaths. It invites us to choose a side of progress over the little desires for safety, comfort or happiness: <br /> <br /> CABAL: "Too much {resting} and too soon, and we call it death, without end. The conquest of conquest. This little planet and its winds and its ways, and all the laws of mind and matter that hold it. Then the planets about it, and finally across the immensity to the stars. And when it seized all the stupidity of the universe and all the secrets of time - it would still begin. <br /> <br /> CABAL: "If we are not more than animals - we have to capture our little fortune and live and suffer and pass, without any matter - than all the other animals - or have done." {This points to the stars. it is - or this - the whole universe - or nothingness ... "(quotes from the script). If it sounds like rationalization for making progress to all companies, then the members of the council (the world government) will look like technocrats. In reality, however, these "technocrats" enable their citizens to become craftsmen or freely seek other passions, and they must be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiment, and other mandates and limiting the use of power,. <br /> <br /> In fact, a huge group of rebels in the conspiracy feels degraded by the development of science and technology in all councils, so they try to stop progress and put an end to the freedom of the council to experiment. The Progress Council, however, will not suppress the free speech of insurgents, prepare only "peaceful gas" in emergencies and only wants freedom and space to continue development. <br /> <br /> So it's also a story about the freedom to do science, as well as about the miracles of progress. Many people in our society would genuinely agree with some of these basic conditions, except in the case of social bias (many people want to prevent cloning, for example) or naturalism (some do not want us to move freely, disappear at the appointed time while being enslaved on the ground) / reason (some believe that we are not ready for modern science / technology because we could be destroyed). But Kabal (Chairman of the Council) has the answer to the danger: "Our (scientific) revolution did not break death or danger, it just caused death and danger while" (scenario).
