H.G. Wells in 1936 overcame his major and his books that survive were long gone. He was coming to the end of his life and was confronted with his worst dream. At the beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was condemned because the evolution of species, natural biology on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy on the other hand necessarily led to the victory of the weaker the stronger due to the simple criterion of count. The mass of mankind was weaker, and a minority of the elite was stronger. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the removal of all those who otherwise or otherwise weaken the human race. First non-Caucasian, with the exception of the Jews who disappear through mixed marriages. Then, within the Caucasus community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally handicapped, all who were genetically disabled etc. It was not Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and it was not after the First World War. It was more than a decade ago. Twenty years before the First World War, The Time Machine published the idea that the human race abandoned by its own means and due to the greater cosmological development of life on earth would see the differentiation of the human race into two kinds: the working class would became an underground hardworking species and the bourgeoisie would become an idle kind of surface. In the novel it was pointed out that surface sophisticated and weak idle species were prey to other predators. Wells was convinced that humanity is in danger, and politicians should stop this evolution by introducing a strict eugenics policy. The first country to follow this order was the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last ones that some of them had recently weakened. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 with the world government, which is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there is no choice, no parliament, no truly democratic institutions, only peace imposed by military conquest and government dominated by one man or one man and several counselors. And in this future world, everyone is absolutely the Caucasians. Wells could imagine that by 2036, humanity would be whiter. Amazing. Wells assumed some rebellion, but it would be short and would not do any good. The last sentence is the vision of this white civilization that conquers the whole universe as viewed from heaven and its stars and planets. Nightmarish. And it was produced in 1936. More frightening, where the slightest mention of Hitlerism, Fascism, Japanese imperialism, or Stalinism does not appear. However, it is important to have this movie in a good restored edition, because it is essential to have a full vision of H.G. Wells. Of course, we are very far from the courageous new world of absolute "democratic" social choice, or from the dairy farm of the pig proletariat or from the 1984 Big Brother's media dictatorship. This vision is at least as repulsive as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with British sci-fi writers of his days. It would be unfair to go further. It reveals that in England, in the first three decades of the 20th century, intellectuals were afraid of a great fear: the fear that the future would be only gloomy, bleak and in the form of some inaccuracies. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
