"CAUSES WE RECOMMEND" Film review about kWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another strange filmmaker full of sci-fi from another time and place. It's a movie I've seen only in short pieces, but the art should be considered as a whole. I tried this film, as it was designed, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with whirlpools of the film and the viewer with whom it shares. This audience and I were filmed with this movie! One woman who experienced World War II was flooded with memories of the wreck of the war and complemented by a positive but dirty end. Things that have dropped me from the beginning were initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G Wells" in brave square copies, just like "Superman". It's not about a movie title but a title of the creator and then about other people, such as actors or production, is mentioned there is director William Cameron Menzies! Who? You've probably seen his work earlier: "Around the World in 80 Days," "Pride Yankees" and "Gone With The Wind". He was not determined by this epic Sci-Fi operation created by Mr. Wells, but his films, sets and design are very recognizable. These images are very effective. I have recorded pictures of many other films that have given up this classics. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obvious, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow," "Night of the Living Dead." I know but which titles will escape me. These are real special effects, the scenes that are now being done with CGI are happening with actors, large files and detailed models. This film was made in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, making music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with news, warnings, and sermons. The line of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes the sound preached, but I also heard the lines I still hear. "These toys kids are not like us today when I was a child," "It will help develop their coordination," "What do we need books about, what should we read about?" "We do not need cars, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need here," "There will not be war." But war is it! Naive citizens "Everytown" refuse to see the literal script on the wall. The endless war explodes Christmas Eve. A little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his dad is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936, which had Hitler's reassurance. This war does not end. The poison gas of the air waves gets into the second act. It's another dark age. No government, no service, and people bore and bless a war that nobody forgets. Mor, warriors, and bullying to fly planes that no longer exist. Lovers are shot down on the street before they can carry the plague to the other. In the middle there is a wonderful mark about Rolls Royce, which is a very necessary afternoon half way. Here comes a futuristic planet that announces the future. This future is the third act. The world rebuilt again with the help of the "furry animal, man." In this movie, helicopters fly before they were even invented. Plumber's Assistant has a different use than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Plasma screens with a wide screen grabbed the masses and the speakers encouraged people to tear them apart. "Watch out for the shock of the brain, you are warned!", Father warns the enemy population. Be warned, this movie could hit you as if it hit me. There are some cute myths and bad calculations, but the idea of ​​creating idealism is what really worth thinking about, and I want to see this noble movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells' vision. It's very easy to work with 20/20 back on things, costumes and foley miscues. I think Mr. Wells "Things That Come" is not about things, but about concepts, social trends, and philosophical ideals. Besides, we are just starting a new millennium and not in the time that awaits us. It's not a cheap British Science Fiction board, but it's worth the Epic Filmed Opera, sans singing that as a whole concept overcomes some minor flaws.
