I must admit that this film is disappointing; I read a lot about how spectacular it was, and yet the real futuristic sequences of the age of science capture a very small amount of film. Files are great when we get to them, and there are some surprising images, but this last sequence is missing in too many other ways ... <br /> <br /> The very best drama is in the middle of the section, and then plays as a melodrama, based on the "high conception" of the science-fictional nature of everything and the lack of robust dialogue. There is much more human life in this area, although the spectacular Ralph Richardson sailed gorgeously over the top as a small dictator, the "boss" of Everytown. I liked Richardson's manners and shortened the supply of lines, rejecting the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's lighter, sure visitor. This boss is a posing, convincingly deceived figure, unable to realize how small the fertility of his kingdom ... It's not a great role, but Richardson does a lot. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself is probably looking to be England, or at least an English city quite representative of England. Interesting was the complete avoidance of any matter of religion; "things to come" seems to revolve around the conflict between war barbarism and science in science, which seems to have only a small final goal, but only to move on and on. There is a late attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last part, referring to a more personal "life", yet he remains completely dissatisfied. The film does not have much interest in fine complexity; it is a barnstorming spectacle and an accident, dull moralism, every time. And of course, remember the hedged-bet final: Raymond Massey bears lyrical about how insecure things are! <br /> <br /> As far as the question of the film is a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all, as it obviously allows it to be impossible to get the details of life like the truth. Poor concepts have something for them; war in 1940, well, which was possibly predictable ... Lasting nearly 30 years, the mind! Nuclear bomb - a "super-weapon" or any such weapon - in 2036 ... Technocratic Socialist "We Do not Believe Independent National States" in Britain after 1970 ... Hmmm, sadly close to this, boys! ;-) There is no real policy here, which is a shame; all these surfaces are a very commendable anti-war mood. In general, dictatorship - whether it's a crazy-luddit-fascist, as well as a boss, or all-hand-to-the-pump science socialism * will * agree *, and these consequences are not scattered ... we must to remember that in 1936 it was not even known how Nazism and Communism would have manifested - or even as it turned out - the lack of reflections on this seems to be wet beyond the creators' visions of other affairs. A great deal of earlier things should - and could - be shortened in my opinion; only the strictest things in 1940 would be necessary, but this segment tends to be somewhat degrading, and before we get into parts of Richardson-Massey, they get old. I would like to see more with Margaret Scott; who is just a little skeptical, cutting the blinking eyes of a Mediterranean figure for a negligible purpose. The character is not explored or honestly explained or misused, with the exception of one scene that will not spoil and her relationship with the boss is not investigated; but then it was the thirties and at that time was such a thing as widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly entertaining in his two roles; more in the first as an unfortunate guy, he prayed for the war, only to be unduly postponed by another figure of Massey. Massey himself helps with things a lot, playing his parts with a restraint and a dizzying taste that contrasts well with a very different occupation, except for Richardson and Scott and Chapman. "What Come" is undoubtedly a very exceptional film that was created in Britain in 1936; one of the few serious British sci-fi films to date, really! His set (piece) design and resource use are ugly, amazing. <br /> <br /> The scenario is eventually overstated and sometimes even everywhere. Direction is prone to flatness, although it shifts gears or two on occasion. The cameraman and Mr. Richardson really save things; creating an amazing sense of miracle in technology and an impressive, jerky performance that is constantly conquering. Such shame is so little of a substantial or real film conception of the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would be perfect directors who would do such a job as they do - not British directors like bold visual stories, great character helmets and merchants in the first course dialogue. <br /> <br /> "What to Come," as it is at present, is an interesting trait that is worth it, but far behind "Metropolis" ... "It's like" stupid "in Wells words, with nothing similar to amazing power.
