This initial science fiction scenario by Herbert George Wells with Arthur Bliss's music is a powerful piece of the film. Adapted by Wells' rather different work by the author, it represents a view of the human future with the subject of the war period as against the period of "peace." The structure is that after the contrasting pair of episodes of normality and the gathering of the clouds of war the script allows the war to become. The two families, Kabell and Passworthys, disagree with what can happen; The lover has a hopeful look at the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is a thinker, a doubter. Their city of Everytown - apparently London - is destroyed by war tanks, a magnificent martial martial of Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds that the people living in the ruined city of the "boss" played bravura Ralph Richardson, whose married wife, beautiful Margaretta Scott, is just as fascinating as it is a dictatorial type. They try to restore the old World War I aircraft to attack a nearby tribe to complete their tiny kingdom. a young scientist complains that his work continuously interrupts the requirements for aircraft - etc. - forever; this is Wells' note on war versus progress. Survivors are also subject to the plague called "Aboriginal Disease". Entering a modern flying machine piloted by the cable of the first part of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, an international coalition of scientists planning to end the war forever. This modernist aircraft has fascinating interviews with the boss and his wife and their attractiveness is obvious; then the boss sends his plane against them, the scientists arrive with a large number of planes and let the "gas of peace" to the ruins of Everytown. Only Boss dies, fighting too hard to calm down. The film then shows that ore is mined and slow steps leading into the beams of a beautiful new futuristic city of towers. In the third part, the future Cabell argues with the future grazing of the morals of human science. Existing miracles have, if they have the right to send men to the moon; Cabell's champion has the right to progress and the need to extend his horizons. The son of Passworthy and Cabell's daughters are astronauts sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Luddit, makes a fiery speech on a giant screen in a forum in the city, leading an attack on a "space gun" to fire a new missile without Earth gravity. The culmination of the land is the successful launch of a space weapon; developed and ending is a manifestation of Cabella, praising the value and science that is universally considered the deepest defense of the mind ever written. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "Which one will it be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey perhaps gives his greatest performance on screen; he is thoughtful, compassionate and reasonable, a faithful scientist. As a clever man who wants to end the age of science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays Passworthy admirably gives a voice of convention and fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Due to the near demise of humanity, the idea of ​​civilization controlled by rebuilders is considered credible and trustworthy for the viewer. This is a triumph for director William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all concerned. Listen to a dialogue with someone you love; within its constructive limits, it is a dramatic thought that debates about two possible future human events - progress or its reactionary counterpart.
