I was just a babe in my arms when George Lucas married the world with his from this world Saga chronicling the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and notorious Darth Vadar, but today I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and the incredible imagination with which he was blessed. In a new hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories when he introduced us to such unforgettable characters as the beautiful lady Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the lively Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved villains, the ominous Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back, he went everywhere to show us that special effects can add to the story and did something that nobody could do on the screen. He made a film without a specific end or start and went down. Returning the Jedi is a good end of the Saga, which will be a test of time. When Empire Srtikes Back ended with the wrapper of dear Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba Hut and young Lukas, who had reverted from the discovery of the terrible truth about his Father, we felt that things were getting worse. It seemed like he won that day. How did we ask if the rebels ever recovered from this wound? In Lucas, a wonderful and fascinating closing chapter, we are held on the edges of our armchairs, from the courageous rescue of Han from Jabb's palace to the ultimate battle of the Death Star between Luke and Vadar as Luke fights between fulfilling his duties as a Jedi and Rising Fighter and attempting to revive good that he believes is still in the soul of his Father. Older friends, like the smooth-talking Lando Calrissian and sometimes the dear Chewbacca, will come together for a final battle to end all battles as a new, darker, more dangerous enemy appearing in the form of the Emperor himself (brilliant Ian McDiarmiud, losing his secrets to the Oscar) transforms Luke into the Dark Side, even if it means betraying his disciple Darth Vadar. black with red eyes, a spooky white face, and a sinister laugh, is a really scary adventure of the story and is the undisputed champion of the events that unfold. His new and improved Death Star spells for the rebels, but a brave group is launching the latest desperate assault to end the Empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas has succeeded in incorporating three different stories at once and keeps the action so that audiences are forced. With enthusiasm, we look at how Han and Leia try to take off the shield around the deadly Moon of Endor forest with the help of some adorable Ewoks (who really do not believe they take the film at all, provide a kind of appeal from the battle of Death Star) and defend the legion Stormtroopers and Imperial officers. We make Land and the other pilots who find themselves in a mighty Imperial fleet and risk life and limbs to fly to the Death Star and destroy it once and for all. And we look with breath when Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke to the Dark Side while he tries to return to his father again. But for me the most difficult and yet impressive fighting is that Darth Vadar continued. For ROTJ there is a fight for emotions and feelings. Vadar is captured between his loyalty to Emporer and the Empire and his Father's inclinations to Luke. I never thought the mask could show emotions, but some - how can not be seen the confusion and pain of Vadar's face during the final scenes, as Emporer turned to Luke. Vadar has more depths and emotions than I believed in a villain, especially one machine that one could have, and I think that is what makes him so accessible. It is conflicting. The disciple as well as the master. Victim as well as Villain. Without ending the end too much, Vadar's last scene is the strongest and most amazing in the trilogy. So, in conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the champion of the Saga. Star Wars is the most appealing and interesting Sagas I've seen for a long time, and I've seen another Saga rivaling him. The Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients needed to make Lucas's final work deserve. It's action, tension, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all embraced in one, and unforgettable characters, amazing special effects, and catchy music make both a great movie by itself and the end Lucas can be proud of.
