After '' the Empire Strikes Back '' '' '' The Return of the Jedi '' is my second favorite Star Wars movie. Luke went to Tattoin to rescue Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire makes secret the construction of a new space station, like the previous star of death. If this station stays completely built, it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient due to the delay of a new deadly star and need to kill many of their commanders to plan the project. R2 and C3po are inside the Jabba Palace to send a message from Luke to Jabba, where Lukes pretends to negotiate Han's life. It gives R2 and C3po as a Jabba gift as part of their plan. Jabba does not recognize bargaining because he uses Han Solo as part of the decoration of his palace (Han is still frozen in carbonites) Lando is hidden as Jabba's guard and Chewbacca is given by Jabba a reward hunter. When the same Hunter tries to save Han's solo and get him to stay human again, we see that it's actually Princess Leia in disguise. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes her as her slave while Han is thrown into Chewback's cell. Luke comes as a Jedi knight to save his friends. When he first attempts to kill Jabba, he falls into Jabby's monster (Bantha) but easily kills him. Jabba remains angry and decides to throw Han, Chewbaccu and Luke with Sarlacca, a great creator from the desert, who remains thousands of years of spending it's "food." Luke, Han, and Chewie are again successful, and even Bob Fett dies when Han inadvertently throws him into Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes to Han, Luke and Chewie as well as c3po and R2. <br /> <br /> Everybody is safe, Luke decides to go to Dagob to finish training as a Jedi, as well as his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and ill because he is 900 years old, and before he died, Yoda tells Luke that he does not need further training, but to be a Jedi, he must fight again with the Vademer. He confirmed to Luke that Vader is Luke's father and that besides Luke there is another Skywalker. In his last moments, Yoda asks Luke to remember his advice about the temptation of the dark side, and Luke transferred his Jedi knowledge to other people. When Yoda dies, Obi Wan's ghost appears to Luke and tells him that Luke's father has killed his good party Anakin to become Darth Vader and that he is more a machine than a man since he became a sith. Luke is afraid he will kill his father and says he feels that his father still has a favor. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia and tells why Luke and Leia have been separated since childhood. He gives the final advice to Luke that if he refuses to kill the Vedas, the Emperor will win the war. At the same time, the Emperor tells Vader that Luke must give it to him when he appears because Luke is stronger than before, and both must combine his efforts to bring Luke to the dark side. Now we will have one of the best Star Wars battles when the rebel alliance plans to attack the new Death Star 2 space station, Luke opposes Vader and emperor, and Leia, Han and Chewie need to turn off Death Star 2 by helping EWOKS . (small creatures that look like little bears) <br /> <br /> This is certainly one of the most exciting star wars of all!
