Well, my title is somewhat feeble and almost sells this short film. I remember watching Siskel and Ebert in 94 when he talked about this movie and then played a clip or two. I was not a rap guy (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I did not really care when they started talking about the movie. S & E then showed a scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "shadowy" logic and lots of "finished" facts), then another scene where the band and their rival group will visit (and of course the NWH comes with some "info" about how the leader's opponent group was lost because he got good grades at school and was on the annual board). So I postponed that I should see this movie. A few years later this thing appeared on HBO and I shot her just to laugh at my ass for hours. Yes, it has a certain "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... Even a documentary player has basically the same "tone" when composing clips and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "Beyond the Music" phenomenon - the small band has good chemistry, gets famous , Too much money is too fast, a fight, drugs, some sort of death, the band breaks up, then it comes to a halt, ends in the hope of another album in the future and darkens into black. The only thing that's true is that in Spinal Tap you can make a bit more success with the band in your past. But knocking is stretched at some points, and in my mind it is limited to laughter that is set according to specific scenes. Oh, this is his rant about the backstage meal, that's where he wants the amplifier to go to "ELEVEN", that's where the guy does the pint-size stonehenge, etc. /> Contrast with FoaBH, which seems to has more "unexpected" humor. You can see that some of them are coming, but there is not much setting for each joke. Sometimes the jokes are just that. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had the real chemistry that worked. Also, direct references to vanilla ice, hammers and lots of other caricature raps really worked well. It feels like a movie that you look at once to get the main story and laughs, and then come back and watch to catch fine jokes. And songs. Is "my peanut" better than "big bottom" (from spinal tap)? I do not know - but they're both sad. Tone Def is a terrible video during its "awakening" stage is so bizarre, yet so entertaining. I could go for a while but save time and do not lose it on CB4. I watched for the first half hour and was bored. You are bored at FoaBH. There are slightly less fun moments, but you can never tell when something good happens. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name ripoffs, if I ever heard anybody) find that they share the same girl ... at one point, you have the two pointing guns on top of each other, and the other thing you know, manager, photographer, girl, and I think even Tone Def are in the room and they point the guns together and switch targets back and forth. And, of course, someone is shot. It seemed strange to me that NWH managers suffered similar fate with Spinal Tap drummers (though they spontaneously did not burn, I do not think). There was little similarity that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, though it is clearly more of Spinal Tap from hip-hop. While some similarities exist, humor is different and the film looks more like a real document (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor or the one that played "Lamar" from "Nerds Revenge"). Overall, this film has, in my opinion, "street cred". Something like NWH.
