This film is, in my view, the weakest film in the original Star Wars trilogy for various reasons. At the end of the day, however, the winner appears, despite all his mistakes. It's still a very good movie, although much of its quality depends on the characters that were built in the top two installments. One problem here is the appearance of a movie that is not very compatible with the other two films. I got a lot to leave producer Gary Kurtz. The first two movies have the dirty, lively look with all the technologies and so on. In the "Jedi" on the other side, even the rebels seem to have just stepped out of the shower and their uniforms were cleansed. This gives a much less textured film. The creatures were too muppet-like and cutesy. At this point, it seems that filmmakers were more interested in creating templates for future action figures than the quality of the film itself. Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where the "Stars of War" created a whole new experience in the cinema and the "Empire" brought us into foreign worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, the "Jedi" lamella recycled the location of the first film. First of all, we are in the desert of Tatooine, and then we have watched them face the deadly star child (maybe the Emperor could not think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan proved). We also have the ewokes, who are really just ugly bears made for mattel, in the recycled version of what was supposed to be at the end of the "star wars" that was supposed to be a big fight for wookie if cash was not exhausted. I just feel like lazy construction. The happiest aspect of "Jedi" for me is the weak handling of the character Han Solo. While he is the central element of the first 2 films here, he is trying to screen the time, trading with one lining with droids. Instead of a real dramatic experience, we are busy because Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the end of the "Empire", where she confessed she did not like it, never happened. The whole thing is very fanciful and hardly conceals the fact that the character Solo was not part of the central story of the film after his rescue. Ford, on his part, looks bored and lacks a style that distinguishes his earlier performances. This is more like Ford's performance in the 1990s, bored and looking "above" the film itself. Fisher for his role is visibly tall in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in the "Empire," is stuck here as a seeming person we care about in a giant space battle. Only Hamill, given the interesting developments in the character of Luke, is really capable of doing something new or interesting by his character. He was probably the only main actor in the movie that still cared about his work. And to be fair, the script gives him much more than the other characters. It's really his story, and the other characters are there just as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does a great job, just like the Emperor. The film would drop if it was too far above the peak (as it was in new movies). Visually and in terms of the effect works, except for the "clean" look of everything, it's hard to find a mistake. Jabba is a very effective animatronic feature, one of the most modern constructions. Space battles towards the end are very impressive. Eventually, this film brings success on the success of its ancestors. But in itself it is a satisfying entertainment, and IMHO is much better than any of Lucas's later productions.
