Brian Yuzna often frowned as a director for his horror gore-fest, but the truth is that his movies are not really bad at all. Continuing the Re-Animator game is not as big as the original one, but it's still good when it comes to continuing the horror. The Return of Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not a world that would not be a surrealist horror masterpiece. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna's eye for horror and the conspiracy moves so that it's always exciting and engaging. I am really surprised that the horror film about dentistry did not appear until 1996, as the dentist is almost the primary fear - it is for a modern world running away from the tiger. Dentistry is not complaining to me, but surprisingly; It seems to me that I am in a minority. The story follows Perfectionist Dentist Dr. Feinstone. She has a nice house, a successful career and a beautiful woman - almost everything most people want. But his life worsens when he discovers his wife's relationship with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; as it is his patients who feel the full chest of his anger ... When it comes to a scary audience, this movie really does it by itself. However, the credit must reach the director in order to obtain a full quota of horrors from the central theme. The fact that she does a good job is summed up by the fact that I'm not sorry to go to a dentist - and yet one particular scene really made me cover my eyes! The film follows a standard humane ceremony, but only with The Dentist you always have the impression that the film is more than what we see. It is not too often that a gore film can impress on a fabric level - and while it will not win any prize, parody on the top class is nicely bound to the plot. Playing, while the B-Class is really quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen, who plays the lead role and doing a good job in convincing the audience that he is really a man on the edge. I should like to thank Brian Yuzen for filming Ken Foree. Star Dawn of the Dead is not enough work and I really love to see it in movies. The rest of the cast does not care about massively, but they all do their job well. Overall, The Dentist offers a refreshing change for slash films of the 1990s. Gore scenes will surely delight fans of horror and do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
