The dentist starts dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman) wedding anniversary. On the surface Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone appear to have a beautiful life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles, and have a successful career with responsibility, but they're very bad under things. Alan finds out that Brooke has a matter with Matt (Michael Stadvec) pool cleaner to add to his humiliation. Alan then discovers that Matt also has sex with Paul Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his side neighbors, and above all what the IRS owes to the throat, a stack of money. Alan begins to lose his mind, convinces himself that everything is blurry and corrupt, just like his patient's teeth, and he's up to him to fix it. That morning at work he begins to take his frustration and anger at his patients, first he hurts a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), he's a sex attack named by Patient April Reign (Christa Sauls) after hallucinates that she is his wife and deliberately makes unnecessary and painful progress on another. Alan also begins to take medication when he's completely lost and goes like a murder starting with his adulteress wife and swimming pool ... Brian Yuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried something a little different. The script of Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon, and Charles Finche is more of a psychological thriller than a straightforward slasher that came to me as a surprise as I expected the other, it would be easy to make a movie for teen slasher as a high body and a wise the dentist breaks down, but what the dentist actually showed is very different. The dentist is essentially a character study of one male origin in madness and does a great job, although saying that I'm not sure what is going through is a good reason for his subsequent murderous acts. She moves at a pleasant pace, has a nice narrative in which I liked the constant connection Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decay he sees in the world around him. It's a fun way to get 90 minutes. It goes without saying that anyone who has a dentist's phobia should probably miss him or never again! I also liked the end where the tables are turned, I say nothing ... Director Yuzna is doing his usual good work here, in fact I do not think I saw Yuzna a movie that I did not like to a certain extent, obviously and predictably uses the opportunity to play for fear of a dentist with some nice tooth torture, including tooth extraction, sexual harassment, drug operations, and torture of people with dreaded dentist training. There are other scenes, a gore, a dead dog, someone who gorilla with a knife and cut out the tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style that was probably a low budget, likes to tilt her camera that makes some nice angles, and I like to shoot a camera over someone who is a knife and a huge spray of blood spraying on the floor with a pretty wide top angle. <br /> <br /> Technically, the dentist is gentle, decent cinematographic, musical and production value, although some of the special make-up effects look somewhat unconvincing. He plays strongly from all those who are doing good with Corbin. Always the cool and genuinely popular Ken Foree appears as Detective Gibbs one of Los Angeles's best. The dentist did not show up as I was expecting and even better for if your horror fan & maybe they want something a little different then this is worth your pays. I enjoyed it and I think it definitely is worth watching.
