I remember being frightened by the film blood when I was younger and gradually getting so far when I got pretty crazy, as I'm sure there have been many other audiences so the fool of bloody films produced in recent years she did not scare me or strangled me. The dentist turned it. Setting seems simple: a mentally unstable dentist causes a trigger on the inner surfaces of the mouth and possibly on the body. The clever step is, however, that the dentist is the protagonist of the film, so instead of being a one-dimensional bad guy without a clear motivation, his development is the most extensive of any character and is very humane and credible. The viewer thus feels sympathetic to him and his victims, and instead of hoping that justice will come to him, I find that I hope he finds a way to hide his traces and return to normal life. <br /> <br /> What really does a horror film is violence. And "Dentist" does it better than any other movie I think. The earliest film has plenty of tension, which is something modern gore films tend to miss. In one scene (), the dentist is emotionally disturbed and must first see a small child. As it gets into the baby's mouth, you hope for the dentist and child, the meeting ends without injury. I will not spoil what will happen. Secondly, when the gore comes, it affects all the worst nervous nerves. Again, I will not give up again. <br /> <br /> Of course I'm a movie you've never heard of is wrong. Most importantly, it's just for horror fans. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, when we do it within a few days, we can not have a background on them. And the voltage drops a bit at the very end. But really, the fact that we even want to know the background about the characters is proof of how good it is and the size of the film is strong enough to forgive any small loss of tension. <br /> <br /> It is strange that after years when I was used to a movie gore, suddenly he wanted to cover his eyes by looking at the blood. The "dentist" scared me and was uncomfortably and I was getting full consent.
