The dentist is a really good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of you entering a dentist's psychologist are much bigger than getting into a monster, a vampire or a zombie. That's why this movie is so scary. During this film, you will probably be thinking a few times about your dentist. Whatever he is capable of doing ... Do you want to pray for his wife to do it. That's what the story is about. The dying dentist in LA gets stuck when he finds out that his wife cheats him with a boy. (By the way, it must be the largest profession in the world. By the way, Poolboys always enjoy homework when the husband is at work.) From then on, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, just avenge. He can not concentrate on his patients and a few of them get hurt. Things are not easier for our dentist when they are chased by an unpleasant tax inspector, a curious policeman and his suspect employee. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can not take it. Now it's not only his wife, but everyone who comes close to him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-author Stuart Gordon. You can consider it a recommendation for yourself. These two people have already given us some great horror films (and my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. The dentist managed to recreate a fun and very cool thriller again. This movie appeared just in time. Decades have not brought us many great horror films yet. I'm not saying that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dentist obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mainly as a comedy or dramatic actor, but he will surely master the psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does a good job. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. It was also great to see Ken Foree working again. An actor from my favorite film The Dawn of the Dead plays a cop in this movie. Suddenly he also took him from Beyond 15 years ago and I thank him for it. I do not answer this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to leave it out), but if you follow it, you will be very happy. You'll be disgusted ... but that's another reason I think. It's been a while since I was really horrified by watching the movie. It's a great theme in the genre, and Yuzna does it great. It is a pity that this film was followed by a totally useless sequel. My modest opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
