Not that many films actually used the fear of becoming a dentist who has many people. Professionals have some really intimidating tools. Give writers Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch that you derive the maximum shock from your assumption. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen, in a nicely graduated performance, is Alan Feinstone, a dignified dentist whose train almost jumped out of the way. Unbalanced obsessive-compulsive, begins to address the thoughts of bankruptcy, even imagining where it does not exist, and also equates to disintegration with corrupt society in general. When she witnessed her unfaithful wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman) with her boy in the pool, she decided to punish her. At the same time, it is under the pressure of sad I.R.S. (Earl Boen, best known as Dr. Silberman of the Terminator franchise) to make a favor in exchange for the agent leaving his mouth closed on Feinston's financial affairs. Feinstone begins to perceive everyone around him as he falls apart and continues murder, as police detective Gibbs (always welcome to Ken Foree) lifts his way. Director Brian Yuzna clearly has great script entertainment. It allows some really ugly and remarkably fun scenes that they do as well as creating sympathy for the victims as an exciting audience. The script gives Feinstone the character of some fine line of dialogue and is totally slick and fun, with lots of black humor (such as Feinstone ordered the victims to "get their tongue out of the way!"). Brooke and I.R.S. agent in particularly effective scenes of torture. The effects of makeup are usually pretty good. And the movie does a great job of keeping its forward momentum as Feinstone, with his relentless pursuit of perfection, switches from respected professional to unheded killer in record time. The Foree, always cool and fun to watch, is rather wasted in the detective role of a standard problem, but there is a little pleasure in watching Boen playing his slimeball part on the handle. Hoffman and Christa Sauls provide very attractive eye candies. And pretending Mark Ruffalo is seen in a small supporting role. But that's all that Bernsen's performance betrays when his teeth sink (forgive me that I use this term) to his plums leading parts with utter conviction. "Dentist" ranks among one of the original and interesting horror films that came out of the 90s. <br /> <br /> 8/10
