I thought ROTJ was probably the best of three Star Wars movies. I think it's surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy of many who voted. For me it seemed that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most tension, the surprise, the most emotional (especially the end) and definitely the most episodic film. I personally like Empire Strikes Back, but I think it's a little less good than ROTJ because it was moving slower, it was not so episodic and I just did not feel so much tension or emotion as I did with the third movie. It also seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons people have quoted that ROTJ is a lower film than the other two are just ridiculous and are insignificant reasons compared to the perfect excellence of the film as a whole. I have heard many special reasons, such as: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because the Ewoka had defeated a group of stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed for each of these reasons because I think it is totally absent. First, WHO CARES, if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted to die. Do not get me wrong. I'm a fan of Bobby Fett, but he made several additions, and it was not Lucas's intention to make him the main character in the movies that Star Wars fans made of him. His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie ... You had to go to credits to find out the name of Bobby Fetta !!! When I judge ROTJ because the gentle figure has died, it's a bit too much I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda dying. Sure, it was a very important period in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but it makes the film more realistic. All good guys can not stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys lived and all the bad men died, this movie would be equal to Saturday Saturday morning. Another aspect of this problem is people who do not like Yoda's death. No one complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in New Hope. (Many consider new hope for the best of the trilogy) Why Obi Wan's death was ok but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I simply can not believe was that people found cute Ewoks who overcame stormtroopers impossible. That's absolutely ridiculous !! I can not believe this! First, the Ewoks are in their native planet Endor, so they are perceived in their home terrain because they live here. If you look at the film carefully, many of the tactics the Ewoks used to defeat the stormtroopers were an excellent use of the benefits of their home field. (Because you've lived in the woods for the rest of my life, I hope you would learn to use it for your benefit.) They had grape vines, ropes, wooden tiles that were built for pedestrians and other traps. Stormtroopers were very disadvantaged because they were exaggerated and were not aware of the benefits of the forest. All they had was their blasters. To add this, it was not as if the Ewoks were fighting themselves with the stormtroopers, he was heavily assisting them in this conquered group of rebels. I thought if the stormtroopers beat a combination of Star Wars stars, rebel groups, as well as a huge clan of Ewoks with great knowledge of their home terrain, that would be a great deal of excitement. Finally, if this scene was still incredible. And what about Empire Strikes Back or New Hope, where several scenes from a group consisting of only Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princesses shot dead as ten stormtroopers and all of their blasters missed , while the heroes were in full swing! Not only that, heroes, of course, hit Stormtroopers with their blasters. Soldiers must have a very, very bad goal! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the battle at Endor was much more believable because you had two armies standing between them, not 3 heroes against the legion stormtroopers. Do not believe me? Look at the Battle of Cloud City when our heroes escaped Land's base. Or, when our hero rescued Princess Leia and was shot (somehow missing) when Han Solo and Luke tried to get out of Death Star. The last reason I liked it (the others are just too absurd to spend my time here) is that people do not like Darth Vader to be revealed! Well, in many ways it was the main part of the plot in the movie. Luke tried to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would be a disappointment if the film ended without Luke getting to know his father's face because he had finished it. Annakin's revelation symbolized the transition that Darth Vader had experienced by being obsessed with the dark side (helmet) and the good man who was Annakin Skywalker (removing the helmet). It means that Annakin died again transformed to the light side, and that probably meant the scene of the removal of the helmet. In fact, that's what I would do in the scene if I were Luke's father ... Was not that what you would do if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and not in a mechanized helmet? I think the unconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the sequel MUST be worse (though it is better) that previous movies are another reason why ROTJ will not get many awards as it deserves. I never go to the movie with this scam in my mind, I always try to go to the movie with the attitude that "Well, it could be better or worse than the original ... But I do not know it for sure .. Let's see." So I go with an open mind I do not think that a clearly better film is not as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these films but I asked many college students and adults about their favorite film about star wars and they all call me (except one person who said that is their new favorite) that it's ROTJ. I believe the results of these surveys are frightening and quite misleading. In the bottom line, the return of the Jedi was the best of the trilogy. This film was the only one of three that held me for 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom, because every scene was either exciting, exciting, surprising or all above. For example, the emotional light saber battle between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the Empire Strikes Back every day! Finally, I hope that people are going to look at Phantom Menace with an open mind, because if fans start looking for nitpically, insignificant details (or they consider it "another sequel") to destroy a movie like "This film smells because Luke is not in it ! " then this meritorious film will become another magnificent film that will be the subject of ridicule, which ROTJ suffered unfortunately. <br /> <br />
