Director Brian Yuzna has an unequal career in horror genre and produces masterpieces such as "The Return of the Living Dead 3" or "The Bride of the Re-Animator," but at the same time he made terrible movies like "Faust: Love for the Curse" or the average "generation". He is obviously better at the producer's home where his work to produce Stuart Gordon's films is excellent. "Dentist" is one of his minor works as a director, but the low profile is beneficial to the film, and his lack of claims makes it a very enjoyable experience. She tells the story of dr. Alana Feinstone (greatly played by Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who one day finds out that his perfect life is not as perfect as he thought when he discovered his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) with a boy pool. This event disturbs his mind and puts him in a killing spree when he avenges himself for being so "dirty". The condition is very well treated with Yuzna when he takes us on the way to Feinston's revenge. What makes this movie different from most slashers is that we are not in the victim's point of view, watching Feinstone because he is the main character. We are witnessing the day's coming from a recognized psycho-murder professional. Yuzna can give the film the exact amount of tension but adds a good dose of dark humor that really helps the film. Most of the assumptions are in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. It can also feel sympathy and hatred for him, and the subtle humor of his character is another aspect that helps the film. The rest of the cast is not that good and I think their partial effect hurts the movie more than it should. A notable exception is Ken Foree because the detective tries to catch Feinstone. While its part is quite small, it does a great job with it. A bloody scene is expected with the dentist as a killer, and Brian Yuzna delivers great SFX in the right amount. It's good to realize he's not acting like usual, and I'm going to say it's the top of the movie. It has the exact amount of gore that is expected, nothing less, and nothing more. Suddenly limited to its common excesses and the result is great. While it's not one of the best-known Yuzny movies, I think it's one of his best. Sure, it's not classical material like his masterpiece, but it's a movie that's fun and never bothers or boring. This is a low-budget simple movie, but for what it is, I think it nodded. 7/10
