I remember this movie, especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how it excited her as a child. Of course, I'm the blood thirsty gal, I was, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to do it without losing my credibility, so I just say I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and bloody and terrible, but that's what I've been looking for and Dentist supplies in fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I need a fun movie like this to just relax and exhaust. <br /> <br /> Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and purity. On the day of her wedding anniversary, she spies his wife Brooke, who has sex with her dirty person in the pool, Matt. In her dental practice, the first patient, Feinstone, was a young girl, Jody Saunders, who was preparing for her first dental meeting. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything starts smoothly until she realizes that Jody's teeth are brown and corrupt. His dental picking slides and punches Jody into the gums. Jody's mother raises her crying, bleeding baby and goes angrily. Feinstone sees his second patient, King of Queen of April Reign. On April, Feinstone sits down with nitrous oxide to fill the cavity in one of her molars. When Feinstone goes unconscious, she imagines she's changed into a wife. She starts kissing her and lures her to the dental chair, then she chokes her. April starts coughing and half awakens from gas. Feinstone jumps out of his trance and quickly switches the oak jacket. Feinstone decides to end the day earlier and send his employees and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera themes. She calls Brooke to try the room's dental chair. When he does, Feinstone puts her in a chair and sits with nitrous oxide. With the rise of opera music in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has gone from a deep end and definitely does not let anyone stand clean. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as stupid as this movie, I've had a lot of fun watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when I teach the unpleasant IRS agent a hygiene lesson that I'm sure I will never forget. Man, I do not think I dropped my teeth until I watched The Dentist. Yeah, I want to warn you, this film is by no means a weak heart, it's very bloody. There are stings, firearms and just these brutal dental torture scenes that turn your stomach. Still, I enjoyed this film a little if I ever wanted a good gore movie that was made for true horror fans, I slid it to my DVD player and that's a "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yeah, I'm trying, give me a little credit. 7/10
