Following the testimony of his wife (Linda Hoffman), who is engaged in sexual activities with a baby boy in the pool, a somewhat unstable dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) grabs completely, which is a major problem for his patients. - The original and fun horror of director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change of pace from the usual horror that was released in the late nineties. Although "Dentist" is supposed to be a small, fun little movie, Yuzna will ensure that the film will bring shocks and excitement that attempt to make more serious movies. In spite of some suffering from a lack of background on the central characters and allowing events to be built within a few days, the film is interesting, generally well written and well-grown, allowing the viewer to remain interested, even in those absurd moments. "The dentist suffers occasionally from the campaign but, unlike the much less successful follow-up in 1998, there are only sporadic uninteresting moments and the film is generally merged." Corbin Bernsen was a very convincing role of a sadistic, deranged and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen can faithfully recite his lines, especially with regard to infertility and immorality of sex (especially felatio), is a little awesome. While many actors may have difficulty in portraying psycho-obsessed purity without looking too raw or ridiculous, it seems that Bernsen really fits in with the personality of the character he is trying to portray, making the film more enjoyable. Zdeněk did not intend to be an entertaining, almost comic, horror film, Bernsen's performance would probably be much stronger. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including pre-war Mark Ruffalo) failed to perform very well and although the movie was not really damaged by this, stronger performances could add more credibility to the move. Dentist is not a horror movie that should be taken seriously, but it is certainly nice, especially (I suppose) for fans of brown horror. Those who have become poisoned by the number of "Scream" (1996) clones of the late 1990s can very well see it as a refreshing change as I did. The seldom boring and generally well-scripted scenario, as well as some good direction, helps make the "dentist" one of the more pleasant cheeses of the 90s. In addition, we are presented with some particularly cruel and (quite) realistic scenes of dental torture that should satisfy most of the gorehounds. Far from perfect, but far from bad, "Dentist" is a movie that is easily worth watching at least once. My Rating for? The Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
