The main theme of this dirty Harry is that vengeance is the best cold food. Sandra Locke is as cold in this movie as beautiful. Locke is normally "8", but with a deadly gun in his purse, "cock" for bad guys, she rises up on a scale of "10". When she managed to rape a gang and her younger sister a few years ago, Locke and Jennifer Spencer tried to prevent the attack from her life as best she could. Her sister is almost comatose due to the trauma, so memory is never far from her mind. One day Jennifer sees one of the attackers on the street in S.F .; she buys her pistol, watches him in the bar, lets him pick it up, then when they are in his Cadillac alone, they start to love, shoot him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain - in the opening scene! You have to love this courageous lady. It has its priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist who leaves all his anger on the canvas. After performing her first Pepper, Jennifer watches curiously Det. Insp. Harry Callahan processes a new crime scene after the body is in the Caddy. She then offends a few scary adolescents who are on the streets with horrifying women, attending a sister in a nursing home, and then going to San Paolo, CA "on the coast" where the rape event occurred many years ago. With more bullets in her trunk and more resolved in her mind, our heroine will revive rape in the head with a lively appeal as it approaches the execution of each subsequent assailant. It's not uncommon for us right-wingers to condemn or execute a violent criminal, do not be sad about his own poor humanity, WE WANT INCLUSION and DAMAGE he caused. Such recalled Jennifer steel events attract the trigger for every attacker - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the movie, Jennifer's vengeance scenes are scattered by good, dirty Harry, who blows up some gangsta in the cafe, remembers, "Go ahead, do your day." Later, he threatens to step out on a punk child (who just offend Callahan) in a courtroom elevator as if he were going to a dog ... and left a young female government employee who looked after Clint's "I Want to Have a Baby." My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes into action when Harry threatens and scares the murderous mafia boss named Threlkis into the deadly coronary at the wedding reception of her granddaughter at Mark Hopkins. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a great job as a sinful Mafia Don, even if he is in one scene and dies convincingly. However, Harry's troubles are not over yet! The Elevator Punk Gang Thlellis' Colonel tries to murder Harry in two closed scenes, and most of the evil men eventually die. Yeah, some gunshot games are turning off like uninjured violence on the screen ... it looks like Clint's director might have been tired of filming that movie. But there are just as many ways you can send a bully man. Punk kids die much more creatively, though, as both burn to death and drown in the S.F. Bay. Heats my heart. With so many violent intentions directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses sent him to San Paolo to try to get some background to killing a 22-caliber vasectomy, because the crime of Jennifer Spencer is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous coffee liberal sermons. Love Harry. While our hero is annoying by local policemen and citizens in San Paolo, there are two more murders, the same M.O., on a dirty, lazy fisherman, and on the same-sex hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They found that they both agree on such issues as law and order, the payment of wine, etc. Can a hot love scene soon arise? We are led to believe this. The characters that play in Real Real are meeting Criminal Drama Real-Woman and we meet a brass bull-dick named Ray Parkins, which is both irritating and entertaining. Raye set up Jennifer's rape a few years ago for her "friend" and eventually gets her. The Chief of the San Paolo police station, starring Eastwood's reliable star Pat Hingle, is strangely opposed to the detective activity of Callahan's relationship to 22-kazem vasectomy until it is discovered that his own teenage son was one of the gang rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, Janina's son is now a comatose adult, but missing guilt. However, this can not end. Mick, who is now a frantic, frantic criminal, takes Vegas Becuz Ray, drops a dime on Jennifer and calls him to San Paolo to prevent further execution. Mick is asleep at Ray's house, but his timing is bad and he's arrested before he can spend more time with Ray, mainly because he's been sent to Lesbians Island since then by Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick is finally earning a bail, with Jennifer attacking him. Desperate persecution continues as Harry tries to prevent the two of them from killing. Everything turns out good, with a good girl and a good guy who goes to sunset along with the beautiful blues song by Robert Flack.
