Despite the feelings of star wars fans, in my opinion, the "Return of the Jedi" is the biggest film ever made. Since I first saw it, it's depth, intensity, special effects, and moving story overwhelmed me. The film was so well built that it was able to withstand the test of time in the last 20 years. Filled with strong action, like the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us the exhausting end of the Star Wars saga in the Jedi. Film Summary (Contains Spoilers For Those Who Do not Have It You Have Been Watched) <br /> <br /> After "Empire Strikes Back" left us hanging for three long years, we finally found the end of the story in the "Return of the Jedi." Darth Vader, in an emotional turbulence, surprisingly visits a new unfinished Death Star to oversee the building. The Emperor is first seen in this film because he has the ultimate plan to destroy the rebel alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and droids all travel to Tatooin to save the frozen Han Solo from the Lord's criminal; Jabba The Hutt. After Han was saved and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find the dying Yoda where he learns the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. The rebel hero rejoins the rebel fleet. With other species and races, including Mon Calamari, the rebels must carry out an attack plan that would destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando led the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the Rebel hero must shut down the Death Star shield generator on Forest Moon of Endor. It was here that the Rebels were on the hairy but powerful Ewokech. During the two-part intense battle, a third battle must take place when Luke is willingly led to Vader and tries to persuade him to leave the Dark Side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke must confront his father, because the Emperor lures his dark emotions. When young Skywalker is about to face his death in the hands of Palpatine, Vader turned to his godless master to save the life of his son. <br /> <br /> Filled with the deep, timeless story of good and evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged film that will redeem good in us all.
