When this movie was originally released, he was promoted with an extremely unpredictable slogan, "Dirty Harry is on it again". Whether this ground is inadequate, it is more than compensated by its complete and complete precision. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that have made the previous three Dirty Harry films so successful, a convincing plot, strong supporting characters, endless guns and dryness of humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved but also strengthened - this is perhaps the darkest, bloodiest and most obvious right-handed installment of the franchise. The plot is somewhat interesting: after killing a ridiculous number of Callahan inspectors, they sent their forced "vacation" to the sleepy coastal town of San Paolo. His job is to investigate the background of the recent victim of killing that was shot in the genitals before being eliminated from his (undoubtedly considerable) misery by the second shot in the head. Early in the film, the audience will learn about the identity of a murderer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who, after ten years, has pushed the criminals to liquidate her. This incident is displayed in a very disturbing flashback whose fragments are repeated before each new murder. When other bodies appear with the same M.O, Harry is clear that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they say. To make matters even more complicated, one-time violent guards realize who is hunting them and start hitting hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers a tireless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed this film alone and expertly master a series of sets that culminate in an exciting highlight. The performance of Sondra Locke effectively expresses the mixture of ruthlessness and fragility that defines its character. That being said, it's fair to wonder if another actress (who at the time was not Eastwood's alien partner) could have a bigger role in charisma and dramatic weight - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd are as likely as candidates. Exciting cast members, including Alberto Popwello as Harry's Horace partner, Paul Drake as a psychopathic Mike, and genre scenarios by Audrey J. Neenan, portrayed by the ominous Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> The film, however, has some obvious problems - some subplots (hostility between Harry and the gang of the twentieth age, mob vendetta against him) occupy too much time on the screen and do not really have any relationship to a bigger story. Their only real use is to increase the number of bodies to an absurd level. In the first half of the movie, sometimes Dirty Harry seems to shoot people more often than they need to use the toilet. However, the film moves to the highest gear as it progresses, and the triangulated game of cats and mice between Callahan, Spencer and her former torture predominates. This second hour clearly shows that a scenario that would be more deprived and easily measured would give a "sudden impact" the potential of being the first class, a neo noir thriller that could carry the series to new levels but still contained more than enough heroes .44 to satisfy Harry's loyalists. Instead, we will get a movie by Eastwood and Warner Bros. they clearly wanted to do - a well-done, but prototype move from the 1980s, which usually refuses to question the intelligence of its intended audience. <br /> <br /> It was by far the largest grossing series in box-office and it's not hard to understand why. Though not the movie that could be, it's still big, trigger-happy fun. Even after repeated browsing, it will do your day.
