In 1971's "Dirty Harry" masterpiece Don Siegel, Clint Eastwood featured a super-hard, super-cool, unorthodox, non-senseless movie cop with the role of eponymous inspector Dirty Harry Callahan. Then followed two sequels, the first of which, "Magnum Force," calmed down on the stunningly politically incorrect attitude of the first, which was outraged by many critics but enthusiastic spectators. The second sequel, "The Enforcer," was once again furious, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all." But this title really belongs to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's own "sudden crash", which is undoubtedly the hardest, the most violent, the most violent and the most dirtiest of all Harry's films, and in my humble opinion the second-best after the original work. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS in advance! *** In a small town near San Francisco, the mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts men to become herself. What these men do not know is that mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, longing for bloody revenge. As fate wanted, the worst policeman in San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who was again arrested because of the indignation of his superiors, spends his free time in this prestigious city ... "Sudden Impact" is the worst film Callahan in several aspects. The film is extremely brazen and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. He is not afraid to use his 44th Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats punks to be treated, and even allows a man to escape a few murders because murder murders are, in his opinion, justified. Clint Eastwood is always great in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood embodied the cold and bad experiences of "a man with no name" in the dollar trilogy Sergio Leone and he did it again in Dirty Harry. "Sudden Shock" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's attractive girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits perfectly into the role of revenge. Big Pat Hingle, who had worked with Eastwood in 1986 on the tough western Hang'em High in Ted Post, plays a police chief of a small town. In addition, the film includes a wide range of really contemptuous misty figures including a pathetic crime starring Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket"), and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan) is undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and contemptuous female figures in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who played a bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" a scene in "Dirty Harry," and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this new, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. Overall, "The Sudden Impact" is the toughest, the dirtier and probably the most violent of all the films "Dirty Harry" (although "The Dead Pool" is not even twisted) and my second favorite after the brilliant original 1971. It is a must for Callahan fans it is recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and film mischief. My Rating: 8.5 / 10
