Clint Eastwood would play again as a frighteningly tired detective Harry Callahan, but she should also run the fourth item in "Dirty Harry". "Sudden Impact" again like other additions, it brings its own different style and tone, but if it is, it is probably the most similar to the original in its darker and strongest moments (and gives the classic "Go to it." But some of its humor is to be seen to believe Bulldog named meat that is upset and raining Yeah But the interesting fact that this item was just one in a series that they did not set it up completely in San Francisco The story follows what Detective Callahan attempted to put together a murder where the victim was shot in the weaknesses and then in the eyes, after he got into trouble with senior officials and caused an uproar that had some criminals after his blood.He must have a vacation but fall into the job , where he goes to the coastal town of San Paulo, where a murder similar to his veins (a bullet into the loins and between his eyes) into his suitcase. I am not so excited that Eastwood has been crashed, but after many recurring views it has practically grown at me until it is likely to be on the same level as the first sequel to "Magnum Force ". This well-composed conspiracy actually gives Eastwood another angle to work on (though it sounds more like a sophisticated takeover of watchful features that were uncontrollable at the time), literally something that punishes but furiously damages. It's like experimenting with noir-thriller touches with character-driven features that help develop an emotional bubbling and eventual moral framework. His use of images is permanent due to his depressing, predictable atmosphere. Dark tones, thoughtful lighting? as well as a scene towards the end, similar to any western revelation of the silhouette (Harry with a new .44 automag pistol) that moves towards the amazing prey of fishing docks. It's a striking look that puts you in fear! Mixing spooky cold with ordinary brutality and transience of humor. He seemed to fall out. A big plus with these films are dialogues, while I would not call the "sudden impacts" first-class, provide a sufficient bit of biting and remarkably loyal lines? "You are a legend in your own mind". You do not use it when you hear Harry, how do you recall the fun scream before he pulls out his piece. Battle events, when this happens, are exciting and intense? the only way to go and swing flies with a small path of flat passes. Lalo Schfrin returned as a songwriter (after "The Enforcer" recorded Jerry Fielding) and brought a methodical funny kick that still breathed these grim cues to the texturally unsatisfactory scores he had tapped for the start. working with camera (where he made pizzerias work with "Dirty Harry") and gives the movie a lot of space a beautiful background framing in some great footprints of the scenes, but also the tools of nervous angles in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a dinosaur Callahan still packs a blow that goes beyond just the steel glare to get to work and probably show a little more heart than you'd expect from a younger Callahan. Harry's effort for justice from the badge, though he always disagrees with it. So I found it only strange - a real change of heart. For him is the enormous performance of his grandmother at that time Sondra Locke Her trauma of torture (irreverently raped together with her younger sister) is hidden glass-quiet intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its result. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty because one of the targeted heroines and Audrey J. Neenan packs a repulsive dirty and spectacular performance. These people are really ugly piles of juices. Pat Hingle is robust as Chief of the Small Coastal City. In the smaller parts are Bradford Dillman and Albert Popwell (regular in series 1-4, but under different characters). How can you forget about "Dirty Harry"? Yes, he is a bank robber who is at the end of the trademark "Am I Feeling Lucky?" "Okay, punk?"
