This final record in STAR WARS films by George Lucas is often considered the weakest of the batch. However, this does not mean that it is a totally worthless entry into the series. On the contrary. Sure, it's not as pioneering as its predecessors and a bit slower at times, but RETURN OF JEDI still offers a lot to guarantee the prize. The first third of the movie, where Luke and his friends save Han from Jabby Hutt Palace, is a classic. Jabba, a really nasty piece of bloated meat that speaks in his own language, is not only a great villain but also memorable. It had to be a nightmare to build this huge puppet, much less give it the sparkle and life we ​​see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this sequence fun is the smart use of puppets for various members of the Jabba court, including the intimidating, slave Rancor and the haunted monster Sarlaak. It is masterfully built to the top and pulls out the blows all the time. Things will slow a bit behind the second act, where Luke finds that he and Leia are blood-related, and when we travel to Planet of Endor, the home of the crazed but attractive Ewoks. Most of the JEDI returns I have read seem to be focused on these hairy creatures because they somehow disrupt the saga tone. I totally disagree with this, although this moment is likely to take place a little longer than it should. However, their leader Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a remarkably remarkable creature, and observing how to handle the technology of imperial units with their simple, natural weapons provides a nice contrast. we arrive at the third act, although the pace rises again when we stop between the Ewok battle against the units, the Lando and the rebel forces that launched an attack against the totally new incomplete Empire's Death Star and Luke's final settlement with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The other ties to Jabby Palace as the top of the film. Mark Hamill acts like Luke Skywalker again in these scenes and looks at him as a fully mature Jedi Knight for unforgettable performance. Just as iconic as James Earl Jones's voice as Darth Vader, he rivals only a shrill, crown-like emperor, playing with the deliciously furious, terrifying evil Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this high moment, which is appropriately dark illuminated and terribly underlining. STAR WARS has always set standards for special effects and technical work in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold the candle to its predecessors. Space battles are as exciting as ever, and the speed cycle of pursuing the forest is eliminated. Of course, given that this film was created after the NOVEMBER and the subsequent EMPIRE, it probably should not be so surprising that the special effects have achieved an even higher level of excellence. This is the classic STAR WARS tariff; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all grow up and deepen in their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides more fun moments like C-3PO. Frank Yoda will appear only in two scenes, but he does the most. And yes, there's also John Williams' music. Everyone said, while RETURN EAT is a little falling in the middle, the first and third acts are in a great style giving the quite satisfying final one of the biggest bags at all. In 1997, George Lucas re-released the classic STAR WARS in the digitally restored (and modified) "Special Edition" that included added effects and / or shots as well as some enhancements. Of the three, RETURN OF JEDI seems to have caused the most upset with STAR WARS fans. Maybe it may be because the Jabb Palace, which is technically amazing, is disturbing the flow of the film, perhaps because of the "Jedi Rocks" musical number in Jabb's palace. However, I have resembled the end scenes where we see victories celebrated on different planets of the galaxy. This version of the DVD contains even more improvements - we get to look at other montage final scenes (especially on Naboo where we heard what Jar Jar Binks is saying, "Wesa free!") And what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as the ghost of Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably because of the intense (and unjust) contempt of fans for his somewhat awful work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF CLONES, it seems inevitable that fans would only release this edition for it. However, if you watch the STAR WARS saga chronologically (and think about it), it is likely that you will react a little differently. However, it is a problem that the fans have highlighted, so it is probably best to be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> Just as it would have been if Lucas released the original version of these three classic films, it is nevertheless what he said about these revasms are the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy and watching STAR WARS as one complete sagas (as Lucas intended), it really makes sense to keep them technically and phonetically consistent. Original movies will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are as fun as we give them a chance.
