Clint Eastwood's director / star "Sudden Impact," is an interesting addition to the series "Dirty Harry," a combination of raw film and genius. It's average and stupid in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with convincing, gripping stimulation. There's a lot of echoes of the first movie here - shoot them up "do my day" scene reminds you "you're feeling lucky" one, one of the villains is as viscerally rebellious as the first movie Scorpio, an actor who played little baddie in the first he returns here as Harry partner - just to name a couple. Harry Callahan is still in contradiction with the higher places in the ward, still meaning he's still heavy, but he's older and exhausting now. His constant conflicts with his superiors are the metaphor of his internal conflict - respect and respect for the law versus the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, both of which are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the basic theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" - (do they predominate over those criminals? The reaction of the film was controversial and triggered a sequel (a very pleasant "Magnum Force"), which tried to portray the boundary between Harry's just righteousness and pure, merciless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many other Clint roles, is a personification of revenge, a defenseless defense. But this film brings back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (portrayed by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now inadequate nurse by ruthlessly hunting and ritually performing a man (and one woman) who has committed a crime. Without going into the whole movie, I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "The sudden impacts" reflect the first film - in fact they also sprinkle in small links and jokes from the whole series (the confusion regarding the surname of the captain is an example - deliberate joke as I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is pure - has our proud cop hero in this lady vigilante found a soul? And is she vigilant or the victim who rightfully stood up for her and her damaged sister's rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic revelation of the series I personally (as a fan) found in motion. This last scene itself makes Sudden Impact a legitimate climax to the Dirty Harry collection, the perfect answer to the conflict presented in the first film. (It's not "The Dead Pool" - that great movie was a rather reckless thrilling comedy thriller with Harry Callahan, rather than a movie that defines a character like this movie). well in theaters - the audience in the Reagan era found Harry and his ilk quite appealing, and the president himself often quoted: "Go ahead, do your day."
