It is strange that you see a movie where some scenes work rather weakly (if only in comparison to other films in his legacy) and others in the "partial" or supportive story are surprisingly provocative and powerful. Sudden Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director shows that it may be at his best or his landlord when dealing with a criminal / mysterious / detective story in his glory Dirty Harry. We get to have my day, and as the first film where his speech "I'm Feeling Lucky" was playful and chilled for the first time, and the second time at the end like a nail, this has changed. He gets into another snare with the separation as usual when he tries to fight the crime "on his way", especially with a robber dinner (inspiring for Pulp Fiction?) And with high-speed persecution with a senior bus. He told him to "take a vacation," and that's the last thing he thinks. This whole story is not very convincing except for story and line expectations, which only adds frustration. But soon, his story is linked to the background that Eastwood has developed from the start. Enter the character of Sandry Locke, Jennifer Spencer, who soon learns about some (mysteriously) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister have been the victims of a cruel, unfair sexual assault (err, ultimately rape), and is elegantly, secretly, like revenge. Her scenes and story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally, when she goes to Callahan's story (he gets facts in the same town where the murder is), the film finally uncovers a concentration between Eastwood's classical well-defined good vs. bad (though sometimes blurry, certain). Eastwood shoots flashes, not to mention them too, professionally, in a fresh experimental style; the Lalo Schifrin brand in these scenes and in others is completely atmospheric. It almost seems that the sensitivity of the art house to Eastwood's very straightforward storytelling style has helped watch the movie. However, it is a pity that eventually it goes more for the expected (or perhaps not expected) points, and until the third act Callahan has nothing to do except his usual 'it's blacksmith ... Wesson ... and I' shtick. However, with Locke, she has a very good performance (more gentle and moving than Gauntlet) and exciting climax in the amusement park. Like me and Ebert's comment, I do not agree that it's like an Eastwood music video. I admit that there is a comparison with the simplicity of both, directness, but the scenes where Eastwood makes a fake look are better than those in any music video. It's a hell, it's hard, it's not until the first two "Harry" paintings, but hey, it could be a worse way to spend a few hours with the .44 lord.
