*** After two such exits ("Magnum Force" and "The Enforcer"), Dirty Harry seems to have recovered a step in "Sudden Impact," a grappling thriller wisely playing its strengths: Clint Eastwood's charisma, directed, and a story that only spends a lot of time on exposure and reserves the energy for big scenes. <br /> <br /> Outside of his native San Francisco (where he is again in trouble with his superiors for his "shoot the first, ask questions later" tactics), to the village of San Paulo. There, (WARNING: Potential Spoiler), a group of low-threshold people is murdered at times by one female group they raped years ago, and whose sister was cataclysmic after the attack. /> <br /> The murderer is portrayed by Sondra Locke and makes Jennifer Spencer's character an interesting mixture of compassion and cold-bloodedness. Locke's cold eyes and frosty voice when either trying to reassure his in-hospital sister or revenge against the violent are very effective in painting a portrait of a woman whose harm was, whose years of suffering and anger are now beginning to bring deadly fruit. > <br /> <br /> The violent are scornful, especially the leader who has a "psycho nutjob" on his head and a lesbian who seems to be almost one of the men, despite his anatomical inability to participate. Scenarios of memories, though not graphically explicit, are pretty scary and clearly intended to make Jennifer happy when she kills her attackers. Some of them reject "Sudden Impact" as waste: a manipulative story of revenge. It is true at a certain level, but it is a well-done waste. What suits the film is the power of Sondra Locke, which gives us a complex character whose wounds are more visible in her paintings than in her gestures or speech. What we have here is an action movie with a look. You can marry or have the idea that some bad things deserve to be punished by any means, but as the mystery of killing is clear to Harry (wisdom that is not wisely told by the dialogue), he is offered the choice - what to do with a killer whose motivation can to sympathize, but whose behavior is forced by law to tolerate. This makes the story much more interesting than the usual Dirty Harry fare. <br /> <br /> Another redemption of the film's quality is Eastwood. This is, after all, the movie Dirty Harry and Eastwood knows the character more than anyone else. The film focuses on style and joke and adjusts to make the action scene greatly benefit. Some of the best "Harry's Moments" in the whole series are here, including Harry's most famous line: "Go for it - do your day." Sudden impact is a film that has the courage of its conviction when presenting the story of the despicable crime and the brutal consequences that follow. It's also a hateful detective story, well-made and well-known. And it's never boring. Based on these criteria, this will be very successful.
