After "star wars: New Hope" newly defined sci-fi and "Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars," it is hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but this really makes a nice work. The first part of the film tackles the cliff that was left before, with a complicated escape plan that is in line with the incredible tension and the action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what happens in the war. In the scenes that arose after the last confrontation with the Emperor, there are plenty of events. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats, and the last battle is even more intense than the other films. This climax is certainly more dense than any other part of the trilogy, with the most endangered rebellion. This is constantly changing between the ground battle between the rebel crew on the ground (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), a raging battle in the universe (including Landa), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor about a new star of death, leading to another duel with Darth Vader . It's really intense because the rebels are constantly losing the battle that determines the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Though I think the idea of ​​the Ewoks who overwhelm the Stormtroopers is a bit far, it did not seem to be very unrealistic, because it was rather the distractions that the rebels could use, rather than the real threat to the stormtroopers, the luck to fight them. There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw an adventure that may not be as overwhelming as the "Empire Strikes Back", but still a perfectly superb trilogy very well. With a light tone of "New Hope" and a more sinister tone "The Empire Strikes Back", this film really complements the combination of two in this final finale. The special edition for the "Return of the Jedi" focused on what would be nice to change, because so many of the original did not really need it. Fifteen years of technical progress did not seem to concern a fifteen-year worsening in the ranks scene, and there's still a TIE fighter on the other hand, but it was good. Silent, non-threatening Sarlaak's mouth got the moving tentacles and the huge patrolling head that emerged, which definitely contributed to the tension. The disco was also pulled out of Jabb's palace, and the deceptive end of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebrating the entire galaxy, instead of the small village of Ewok, which was the case of the original, and it was not really ending the story as great as it deserves. It's hard to say which of these three movies is best, but because it's all part of the same story, the whole trilogy is like one great, excellent movie. THIRD MEN MUST see for fans of the film.
