The officer has fascinated the audience for a long time, because it creates a feeling of speed, certain justice; good victory over evil and evil guy gets his desert. It's actually one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan (as Clint Eastwood) as popular. He wears a badge and works in law, but in the heart, Harry is alert, convicts justice of his "way", which is often in conflict with his superiors as well as the criminals he is watching. But that's what the audience draws; someone who has ever been blocked by the bureaucratic nonsense of one or the other will be pleased to see someone cut through the bureaucracy and keep going - even if it's just on the screen. And this satisfaction comes from seeing justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes "Sudden Impact," directed and played by Eastwood, so successful. In this fourth series, when he works on murder, Harry meets a bona fide vigilante at work - a man whose mark of justice is parallel to his own, with one exception: Who is, he certainly does not have a badge. <br /> <br /> Innovation, Callahan, in its inimitable way, once again found herself on the wrong side of the department, and was ordered to relax. It does so; as "dirty Harry" can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself in the midst of a killing case that is quickly linked to the recent murder in San Francisco due to the unique M.O. employed by the offender. Incorrectly, Harry meets the resistance of local police chief Janings (Pat Hingle), who encourages him to take his great urban tactics and methods elsewhere. Not one will be discouraged, but Harry continues to investigate, which eventually includes the beautiful and talented young artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers the connection between the victims; the burned question is where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? Eastwood is in top form, both before and behind the camera, and is probably the second best of five movie series, just behind the original "Dirty Harry." It was seven years since the last offer "Harry" (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood returns to the character with the ability and renewed strength. And this person definitely benefits from having him in the head office because he is able to regain the essence not only of his own character but also of the "spirit" that has made such films so successful, and that he does by knowing the territory and that create a continuity that clears the seven-year gap between three and three years. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to make it interesting and from start to finish. <br /> <br /> Scenario Joseph Stinson is well written and formulated for this distinctive Dirty Harry style; the dialogue is fine, and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is most involved with the original "Dirty Harry" because he successfully tries to play on the very personal aspects of drama rather than entirely at action. The characters are well-drawn and convincing, and of course it's the movie that gave us one of the best Harry phrases: "Go ahead, do your day ..." <br /> <br /> Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make him so popular: He lives according to a personal moral code, a real man made of things that we imagine as the pioneers who have settled this country and made America what it is today. Harry embodies a sense of freedom and justice that we all strive for and keep so dear, perhaps even today, more than ever before. No matter where or where we come from, it is undoubtedly one of us who wants to be Harry or at least have him around. "Dirty Harry" is a cinema icon, and it is impossible to imagine someone other than Eastwood who would portray him; for better or worse, Eastwood`s' Dirty Harry, no doubt, like Sean Connery's James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke is quite effective here as Jennifer Spencer, a young woman who has been hurt and revenged, or, as she sees it, "justice." She succeeds in bringing her a firm commitment to her character, with a convincing, introspective approach that is far beyond what is typical of the "action" genre. Despite the violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that have brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrait is a perfect addition to Harry Eastwood and becomes one of his counterparts in philosophy and deed. Supporting roles, two performances appear: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best "psycho" from Andy Robinson's dynamic idea of ​​a serial killer in the original "Dirty Harry." In fact, a very limited time on the screen, Drake creates a truly disturbing presence that is credible and convincing, which greatly contributes to the purely visceral response of the audience. This is the guy you can not wait for Harry to take care of. Also effective is Audrey J. Neenan, whose character, Ray Parkins, is a sign of the proverbial "low life" that is found in every bar in every city. It is a performance that evokes the intestinal response and greatly contributes to the credibility of the film by helping to provide the necessary sense of realism. Support for the cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With the perfect combination of drama and action, `Sudden Impact 'delivers righteousness that fulfills the forgiveness of reality; the perfect righteousness of an unfinished world that will satisfy film experiences. 9/10.
