Who says zombies can not be turned into useful members of the community? Certainly not the film maker "Fido," which brings us to the never-never-earth-version of the 1950s where the undead were transformed into servants and servants for the growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is an all-American boy who emotionally joins the family's new full-time home - the recently resurrected zombie that Timmy lovingly dubbed Fido. All this was made possible by Zomcom, a big brother organization, which found a way for zombies (who were originally brought to life by radiation from space) to be manageable and obedient - at least most of them time. <br /> <br /> This twisted, modern day spin on the television series "Lassie" - could easily be called "The Boy and Its Zombies" - takes a slyly satirical overture to such pre-'60s as obsessive social match there is Jonesy means to have more zombie servants than side-by-side), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civil affairs, corruption of small towns, and nuclear family values ​​- all played in a beautifully designed environment of partially-colored houses and seamlessly landscaped lawns. The film does not interfere with the audience over his head with his message, nor does he engage in endless hyperbole to laugh. Instead, it is a small, delicate little satire that causes a moment, rather than a full stomach. Much of the humor comes from the mismatch between the calmness of the environment and the cavalry attitude to death that has been demonstrated by good community citizens (Life Magazine has been replaced by Death Magazine). In spite of playful graphic violence, the film remains faithful to the spirit of innocence that is generally associated with the 1950s and the cheesy, low-budget horror films that have been part of the pop culture of this decade. K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and appealing as Timmy and his parents Cleaver-esquire (with a slightly sinister undertone), while Billy Connolly fulfills a very impossible task, bringing a lot of humanity and the depth of the role of the risen corpse. That could be "Lassie," if Timmy's best friend was raped.
