In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead," we are introduced to London, where mercenaries and such high and powerful are forced to fight with body-eating, reanimated dead versions of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that zombies be disposed of and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us as an epilogue to "Shaun", founded in America in 1950, in a very funny and original "co-...?" film. <br /> <br /> The film is a post-zombie-apocalypse for change; after the horrors of the Zombie wars ended with ZomCon and patented zombie collars that made corpses as obedient as lambs. Every city in the world is fenced out of a wild zone, once fertile lands torn by surviving zombies and left-wing apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical, untouched 50th suburb, with little difference; social status is measured by the family amount of domesticated zombies. Unfortunately, Robinson's family has no zombies because of his patriarch, Bill, fear of reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from pressures on suburban life until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress his neighbors. Zombie earns Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of violent bullies and they both make a connection that rivals the classic cliché "boy and his dog" ... a boy and his zombies. Timmy names his "pet" Fida and soon becomes a tool for Timmy and Helen to escape the murderous routine Bill has put in. But when Fido's homemade collar goes to fritz, and he swears to Mrs. Henderson's elder Robinsons must be linked to a sudden wild zombie epidemic, and they still manage to keep their beloved Fido. The film, whose sharp joke and satirical gore carry as much as his versatile cast (including "Matrix" is Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com for ages. With some rather twisted subplots - such as the sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido will have for themselves - and horrifying commentary on the 50th suburbs and the zombie genre, the film can bring the worst (and best) in its characters, while allowing you to take care of about them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in the long run and the best zom-com from the incredible "Shauna of the Dead".
