In the alternative of the fifties, when the release of the undead (caused by mysterious "space dust") was occupied by the use of special electronic collars, the young sister Timmy found a friend in the film Fido (Billy Connelly), his family being a newly acquired domesticated zombie. <br /> <br /> Fido quickly becomes Timmy's replacement father whose real father is unable to express his love for his son (or his wonderful wife, Carrie-Anne Moss), when he was a child psychically (when he was forced shoot his own father who tried to eat him!) Timmy gets into his face when his naughty hat heads for a wink and he attacks and kills an older neighbor. With authorities on Fid's journey, the problems of cooking two local bullies and his mother, which will become a connection to their undead house, will Timmy help keep his new friend? Refreshing to take on the whole zombie schtick, Fido is a totally funny, deliciously dark comedy that should appeal to anyone with a slightly twisted sense of humor. Since Romero zombie-verses and move it to the 1950s, the US is a brilliant brain event and the result is just one of the most original films dealing with the whole theme of "reanimated dead" I've seen. Connelly's Fido is a movie zombie worthy of the Undead Movie Hall of Fame along with Day of the Dead's Bub and Return of the Dead Dead's Tarman. it's not often I feel empathy for a walking corpse, but the Big Yin performance is so delicate that I really found myself in the roots of a big blue pus! The rest of the performances also praise performances, with young K'Sun Ray (like Timmy) and Moss deserving special mention, Ray, because because one so young, he gives a particular turn, and Moss, because she is so crazy! This is the third zombie movie I watched this week (others are somewhat disappointing Planet Terror and more fun Flight from Live Dead), and to my surprise, it's also the best. Director Andrew Currie gives fans of this genre something of a genuinely original treasure and is a talent that will be watched in the future. <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
