OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw an envelope on Fido, honestly, when I came to the videotape, I was tempted to rent the movie, but none of that really missed me. But when I was looking at Netflix, they advertised it crazy if I liked "terrifying" scary movies, so I thought I was just gonna do it. I'm so glad I was watching it, it was a great movie, it was absolutely cheerful and so charming. As I said, it's Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, is it just a great concept what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we can see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun by leaving the zombies as "handy" citizens. This is a very overlooked horror / comedy film, I think a lot of people just blown away Shaun dead to get it boot. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and it was just a really fun movie. In the 1950s, the alternating universe, where the radiation from the universe changed the dead to the zombies. This irradiation still affects humanity, because all those who have died of the original pollution will become undead. In order to continue their daily lives, communities are fenced by Zomcon's management company. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control zombie famine for meat to use as slaves or servants. In Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys zombies despite her husband Bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, gets involved with zombies and is called "Fido". One day Fido's collar fails and he kills his neighbor next to him, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" a zombied neighbor. When a few neighbors are charged with a missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes in and rescues Timmy and Fid from bullies and tries to forget the whole thing. A few days later, a neighbor appeared, and the murder was traced back to Fid, who was taken to Zomcon where the public were told to be destroyed. Timmy, through a friend, learns that Fido just works at a factory in Zomcon. Timmy decides to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend hoping to get Fido back. I really really recommend this movie, if you have a chance to see it, it's so stupid but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a great job like Fido, and he really brought a lot of life into the character without a pun. I think the scene that laughed at me was when Timmy had to smoke the old lady that Fido had attacked and killed, the last words that were so funny to her, "you were not really nice, but you loved flowers?" "and he bury her in the garden, not to mention a neighbor with a zombie girlfriend, ill, worrying, bad, but classic laughing, I still love that even though it's like a world type Let It To Beaver-esquire, there's still a lot in the movie gore, so if you can see Fido, take it, I promise some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
