Once I heard about this movie, I knew I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, then I found a trailer. Then I knew I had to see it. And I'm so glad I did it. Do you want to see classic television mixed with zombies? No? Then you lose. FIDO is a movie that resembles what I've ever seen. Well, actually it is. It's something like Lassie's episode and Zombie movie. Yet, when it is composed, it is completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new Fido pet. This new pet is not a dirty parrot or a puppy trained by a puppy. It's a re-animated dead man ... zombie. An extensive cloudy cloud attacked Earth, which led to all the dead rising following the Zombie Wars. Although thanks to the genius of Reinhold Giger, the head of ZomCon, he found that if you destroy the brain, the zombies will die, and so it gives us the limit and the win in the zombie war. Though, due to persistent radiation, who dies becomes a zombie. Which may be a problem especially for older people. Although Zomcom retreats with further breakthroughs, especially with the domestication collar. The lacquer stops the zombie from the need for human flesh and thus it is harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie utopia, collar breaks, old people die and ... well, let me watch you this incredibly unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to fruition. With full-length casting and great writing, FIDO rises above most in the genre of comedy / horror. There are plenty of fun and original situations that really entertained me. Although after watching a movie, I personally think the movie would be better in black and white. After less than 90 minutes, the movie does not move for too long and moves from scene to scene in good proportion. It will probably end up with classical culture because it's not really a ridiculous comedy or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie immersed in the 1950s atmosphere. If you thought that whatever I said here was interesting to check out all the movies. But if you're still on the fence, turn your foot back and stay there. 8.5 from 10
