When it comes to creating the universe, George Lucas is an undisputed master and his final Star Wars movie is very, very good (and more appropriately compared to the previous two films in the original saga). Recently they have seen vengeance Sith really places this film in perspective. The final battle seems even worse when he knew what Anakin Skywalker had gone through the manipulative hands of the Emperor. He also makes the ultimate battle between Luke and Vadem more bitter in terms of the love he felt for Padme and the love he felt for his children. In fact, while new movies (especially episode II) are lower than the original films, they are good for one reason only. They make old movies even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill has an extraordinary work in this film. He really brings the changes that Luke has gone through, it seems real. Overall, I believe he should become a great actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you may feel like it has made Raiders and Blade Runner between the two final chapters of Star Wars because they seem to have grown a bit. Adds another comedy (apparently inspired by Raiders) to a character that acts brilliantly. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never been a really good actress, but she does a decent job and she is definitely nice. Ian McDiarmid appears in this movie and when he saw Episode III, I can safely say he's one of the best villains ever. James Earl Jones still gives Vader a voice and is still very, very good. Regarding how the movie looks, it's pretty safe to say that the star wars universe looks better than in one of the previous two films, but this has always been Lucas' forte, so you can really expect it. The final battle over Endor is very good, both in terms of general effects and tension. It was also nice that Lucas decided that three battles would take place at the same time as he added to the peak tension. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is pulling the film down from otherwise deserved 9 Ewokes. These little creatures are so annoying that they almost destroy every scene they are in. Besides, it seems to me that it's a bit of a bit of a bunch of teddy bears and arrows to beat the Storm Troopers squad with laser guns and massive machines. <br /> <br /> All in all Jedi Returns is a very good film, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less successful director than Irvin Kershner, makes the overall feel of the film less than brilliant. Also, George Lucas's stupid decision to add Ewoks to space leads to the film's lacking shine. <br /> <br /> 8/10
