A year ago I watched television news when a story about shooting a zombie movie in my area was broadcast. Since then I have paid particular attention to this film called "Fido" when it finished production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido began playing at his local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article that said Fido was not attracted to the audience in its limited release, except for our local theater. In fact, there is exhaustion of all the other performances at Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course it makes sense because many local people want to see their city on canvas or realize they roam around the zombies. And for all the other inhabitants who have not seen Fida yet, but consider it, I can say there are many pictures on the screen, from the school to the city park to the forbidden zone you know. In fact, the Okanagan Valley is beautiful. This is a beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However, Fido himself is a very good film. Yes, despite his mistakes, he is better than most of the other 20 films he plays on my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie, in which Collie was replaced by a member of the undead. That's a smart assumption. The film goes on to use the emphasis on conformation in the mid-1950s and plays paranoia from the cold war that led to McCarthyism. He also puts the idea that zombies can be tampered with or trained by George Romero for the first time in Day of the Dead. K'Sun Ray plays a little boy who is the mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longing for the zombie service to be like any other wife at his house. His dad (Dylan Baker) is against this idea because he once had to kill his "father of the zombies". Eventually, the family gets a zombie named "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life for the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by casting. He is able to convey Fiduk's confusion, desire, hatred, and loyalty only through his eyes, his body and blinking. Connolly proves he can play undervalued characters better than his uncomfortable comedy. That's his best role from Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows the footsteps of other recent snapshots such as Shawn Of The Dead and Honeymoon Zombies. Being someone who appreciates movies by Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer gore humor in my horror. But I understand critics of those horror fans who feel that Fido does not have enough "undead massacre". Still, I'm sure the spectators will be rewarded with fine humor. The film crumbles in its third act. It's as if the writers were so packed in the cute premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s, they forgot the story of the arc. Since I'm interested in horror comedies and my recognition for seeing the neighborhood on the screen, I'm evaluating Fido 9 out of 10.
