Long, in a far distant galaxy ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original Star Wars movie was released. At first he does not remember seeing the movie, but he does not remember the life before him. He remembers the first Star Wars gift that he received ... a botnical box filled with action characters from the original set. He was too young to fully realize how special the gift is. But a few years later, he could get what is falling today as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. This boy's family is now a legend, as the last action character he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped producing and wearing in the shops, and as this boy walked for ten years (when he got to college), he tried to watch one and finally bought it from someone in her bedroom for a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's a matter of Northern Illinois University). I can not read "Star Wars" as a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, fun and magical about your childhood. In my mind this can not be separated from Christmas holidays, birthdays, years and winter growing up. In winter, my friends and I will build snow apartments and pretend to be at Hoth (I've always been Han Solo). My dad's friends built them as a house that served as Ewok village. They also had a huge pine tree whose bottom branches were high enough to create a cave underneath it, and it was a great place to pretend to be in Yoda at home. I'm hopelessly stranded when it comes to "Star Wars," and I think people either understand it or not. I do not get the appeal of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek," but I understand the frantic herd of fans who follow them, because I'm a frantic fan of George Lucas movies. <br /> <br /> I do not feel the need to defend my opinion on these films as one of the greatest of all time. Each time I put them on a DVD player, I feel like I was eight years old when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was to figure out how I was going to follow Anakin Skywalker's character. > <br /> Grade (for the whole trilogy): A +
