Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of Star Wars Episode I: Phantom Menace, allegations and counterclaims about how Episode II and III are taking place broadcast the "original" Star Wars films, making them part of a coherent whole, rather than segregating older and new films into separate trilogies. What new movies have made it possible to place new views on older movies. This new outlook allows us to better appreciate what was often considered the weakest of the original trilogy: "Return of the Jedi". Often he deserves his too cute factor, ROTJ is in some sense as strong as the original and just a little less impressive than the almost perfect "The Empire Strikes Back". In fact, the "cute" ROTJ element, namely the Ewoks, remains a weak link in the whole series. Did George Lucas bring hairy little details into the movie exclusively for merchandising? Only he can answer this question. <br /> <br /> This cute factor aside, the movie is a brilliant full circle and evolution of the saga. Following the conclusion of "The Empire Becomes Back", Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) follows his friends from the Rebel Alliance to Tatooine, his home planet to rescue Han Solo (Harrison Ford), the space pirate became Rebel's hero, Jabba Hutt for the delayed debts. Skywalker is a changed man since leaving Tatooine and Ben Obi Wan Kenobim (Alec Guiness) to fight the evil Empire. Now all black, Luke's discovery of his origins left a confusion and tearing. His psychological composition is not as strong as his outer appearance suggests. While he could always help his rebellious friends, he longs for another chance to face the evil of Darth Vader again despite his reluctance to destroy him or eventually turn to the Dark Side and join Vader on the side of the Emperor. br /> <br /> The early scenes at Tatooine are impressive, from Jabba's lair, its floating palace and the "all-powerful Sarlac" - an intense one who lives in the sand. Lucas' CGI film improvements in 1997 actually made Sarlak's overall effect worse, so it looked fake and exaggerated. The Tatooine battle scene is excellent and is one of the most memorable sagas. Luke almost unhandly exploits Jabba and his friends and proves that his perfection as a Jedi is almost complete. When Luke returns to the Degobah system to visit the sick Yod once again, Yoda is a clear lack of screens. Undoubtedly, the star "The Empire Strikes Back," Yoda is erased from the story, as Luke's fate is on the screen. ROTJ is really Luke's film, maybe even more than the original. His journey carries the film as he approaches his confrontation with Darth Vader and his destiny. Other rebellious figures are working in their shadow. Romance between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is unlike the Empire, but it does not exist. In fact, only the character of Leia develops in ROTJ, it seems that Solo's character is losing, as the faces of his personality become too familiar in the first two films. Their role is being sent to work next to the Rebels to destroy the completely new star of death that is nearing completion. This time the emperor himself supervises the last stages of construction. The Empire intends to crush the rebellion once and for all, while the Emperor plans to bring the now powerful Skywalker to his side to work next to (or is it replaced?) By Darth Vader. The Emperor is another kind of evil for this film, less skillful than Star Wars' Peter Cushing, deeply psychologically dark than anything else. Brilliantly played by Ian McDiarmid, the Emperor is just one of the characters you love to hate. All other actors are well rooted in their roles. Hamill surprises Luke as he moves his character from a teenage teenager, an impatient pupil to an enlightened warrior who is one of the few real characters in the series. Ford's role is thin, because all his charm and charisma were exhausted in the first two films - it was the ultimate star of REAL for the first film. Fisher's Leia is rather a bra, at least until the end of the movie, learning about herself that she was never sure ... Add to favorites like Alec Guiness like Kenobi, Yoda and dear Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series reminds the family more than cast. Despite the battle of the fiery forest of the film, which includes the Ewoka and the Empire, it ends well and includes a three-stage battle: Endor, Space and Death Star, each with very impressive special effects. Music, as always, is great and perfectly captures the mood in any case. Like "Blue Dunar" he worked perfectly for "2001: Space Odyssey", John Williams' score is equally part of the "Star Wars" folklore as Light Saber and Force. the end open to interpretation, which means that more episodes could have occurred. Sci-Fi fans have created their own versions of episodes VII, VIII and IX in their heads over and over again. ROTJ works when he gets a chance, and hairy cute animals aside is a good adjustment of the series. <br /> <br /> When all six episodes see each other together, this saga could be the best one ever happened. Is it already? Adding Episode I changed the country's series. That's why "Return of the Jedi" now you can see in a different light and get a brand new award almost 20 years after its release.
