If you love horror movies with plenty of blood and gore, lots of diving moments and inexorable, rising scenarios of unreal death, then look elsewhere. If you like a quiet, moody and thoughtful horror that puts blood to the side in favor of a real sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. Think about George, his psychoanalytic wife, Kim and their young son, Miles, embarking on the snowy landscape for a long weekend vacation from the city. On the way up, George attacks the deer with the car. Hunters hunting deer are not enthusiastic when they find that George has ended their pursuit. A particularly troubled hunter Otis takes it personally. He watches the family in his vacation home and makes sure he sees him. She's spying on George and Kim when they have sex. They go through the windows with their rifle when they are not at home, and let them discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to a pharmacy in the city, Miles is attracted to a small statue in a display case, carved to resemble a deer head. Native American tells Miles that this is Wendigo, the spirit of forests that has a taste for meat and is always hungry. Miles takes a character home with him, who has already scary to attack the death of the deer. That afternoon, when George and I go to sledding, George is shot and Miles chases the creature barely seen in the woods ... or is it just in shock and imagining the whole thing? An hour later, George is rushed to the hospital, and Miles, who still holds his statue, either vanishes, dreams, or is a visionary task in which Wendigo returns. This time angry, the flesh eating the god - part of the tree, part of the deer and part of man - is the hunt of Otis, which finally crossed the edge. Wendigo is a beautifully crafted film, almost completely silent, but behind the wind that rushes the trees covered with snow. Well, so the monster is a little fake, but it's a small mistake that is more than developed by the real feeling of tension and fear that intertwines through every film of the film and the exciting backdrop of a quiet, snowy countryside. The performances are great, especially Jake Weber as a moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but non-senseless woman. They are a happy couple with their share in common problems and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film strong. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home videos, so they're realistic. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people may be completely bored, waiting for the nasty Lovecraftian beast and a bloody vengeance that never comes. We can never be sure that Wendigo even exists, seen both by the eyes of a sensitive child and later by the eyes of a fool. This is more a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough spooky elements to satisfy fans of fine horror.
