Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) head to the country for the amazing winter weekend from the bustling capital of Manhattan. On the way, they came down and eventually got into the snow. A group of hunters who watched the buck came. Rather than helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is mad because the crash cracked the buckwheat bucks. George, Kim and Miles are concerned about Otis, and even worse, we learn quickly that Otis has learned where they are. Meanwhile, Miles is given a wendigo (a type of Indian-shaped spirit / monster) of the Indian token he just saw. Is Otis psycho to our heroes? Are wendigos in the woods? <br /> <br /> I see where Wendigo will have a number of problems that would make the audience happy. This is a relatively low budget movie, often with technical constraints. Much of the movie, and perhaps everything, is not really a titular creature. And perhaps a fatal blow to many people has a very ambiguous end and a number of questions remain unanswered. If these ends discourage you and you do not like movies that are meant to think and discuss what it all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. I personally like movies like this. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Marketing Wendigo is aimed at those who want a fast, frightening crack where they would expect a big battle with some supernatural monster who is eventually defeated and everything is tied except for the opening of Wendigo 2: Monster returns but this is not the movie. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. Frost's poem and George's comment that Frost can bring complicated pictures and atmosphere from seemingly simple things is the key to the film. One of the best things about the film is its complexity. In this way, four different films are present at the same time, the thread of each character. George's thread is not the happiest or the happiest in the world and has some parental problems. For him, the film is a realistic, horrible descent from his life, from bad to worse. In Patricia's thread, she is looking for a rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who mostly deny the problems around her, hoping to go away and improve. Otis's thread is more fortunate than George, and George coming to his life symbolizes the last "rupture" in his psychological armor. And in Miles's thread, which is probably the most important thing in the movie, life is like a big poem because of his teenage innocence and the interpretation of the world. But it's still a creepy story, though one with a glimpse of hope, and the events in the film give Miles's poetic interpretation a dark turnaround. Yet, when everything is said and done, it seems to be the only one who has maintained peace of mind because of the poetic outlook. Even though the film is low, there are plenty of well-done higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and Terry Stacey's photo director find beautiful shots in great places and create some interesting presentations such as monty (such as cards or Indian wendigo pictures from the book). There are also more interesting more traditional montages, such as Miles's Nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget films. Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The term "Wendigo" at the end worked for me and was suitably ambiguous. The lighting was usually good - it was several times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed to be a problem with film glass (it could be a digital space) or a transfer. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you care) than most movies. Although I did not notice the score, it had to be okay, or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. Overall, Wendigo is a very good film that deserves to be watched without prejudice if you do not have to think about watching movies.
