A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy in the work with a triter unexpected pile of lead scenario (written unhappily by average Hollywood hacker nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) has been magically transformed into the choice of a beautifully glowing 24-carat musical dramatic gold thanks to quick direction, fresh experiences, spot production values, New York's 50th Anniversary Tasting Experience, infinitely sparkling tinting and a truly amazing rhythm and bluescore score by great Curtis Mayfield. The story, which is loosely based on the real life of the Supers, proves the prosaic whipping of three-clear eyes to poor black teenage girl singers who desperately want to escape their gruesome, unresponsive ghetto annoyance and make it big in the pampering-dazzling world of commercial R & B of music. All obvious examples of instant wealth and success - egos run destructively, amor, drugs, corruption, fight to preserve your integrity, and so on - are predictably culminating, but fortunately it is an equally excellent work that is evident in other film departments almost completely abolished Schumacher's flat, non-inspiring drawing. First-class acting helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, lively and attractive leaders - and great singers who boot. Similarly gentle performances are also brought by the glamorous Boy Predecessor of Miami Vice Philip Michael Thomas as a group patient, gentlemanly manager Dorian Harewood as McKee's warlike, aggressive little dog guy and persistent blaxploitation Baddy Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," "Bucktown" dangerously seductive, smooth opera, a stone cold ugly gangster. The tone slopes and flows from funny and sad to melancholic and blithesome without ever skipping a rhythm that has indeed evolved into a vibrant, uplifting mistake to the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to effectively overcome extremely difficult and intimidating chances. <br /> <br /> The veteran editor Sam O'Stern finds himself in his directorial debut. Luminescent cinematography by Brucea Surtees and Gordon Scott's editing is flawless. O'Stern's tight grip of the atmosphere, the alert eye for the tiny, but telling of small details and the restless feeling of busy, uninterrupted pace are equally impressive. Even though Curtis Mayfield has flawless contributions to the soundtrack, he does not even know. "Gin 'Up", "Take Me the Hand of the Precious Master", "Lovin you baby" and "Look into your heart" are all terribly melodic, soulful, almost incredibly fantastic songs with the sweet, loving Jones number "Something He Can Feel", which were later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, which clearly copied the top musical awards as the best song in the whole movie. The net result of all of the above attributes convincingly demonstrates that sometimes it is not a scenario, just like what is happening with that script, which in turn determines the overall quality of movie sterling.
