It was a two-fold experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been the main character in the movie *. The closest thing I can think of as films with Einstein in them is CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (like "deus ex ma china") is a big man who clarifies a point on a radio quiz show, so Ronald Colman is proven right and at BULLSHOT, where Albert is one of ten leading physicists and scientists who drown drugs with a drugged villain who wants to steal some of their machines. It is remarkable that in these two cases and in IQ it is a comedy. So far, no one has attempted to make a serious film about Einstein's life, such as John Huston's attempt to deal with FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's too hard to get an exciting dialogue of the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer made a Beautiful Sense. Perhaps no one really tried. (* After the recording, I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago, but that's an exception and it was a spoof.) <br /> <br /> The second surprise was that the actor plays great Albert. It was Walter Matthau, who took the time from the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of his career. Matthau was a highly capable and talented character actor, both in comedy and drama, but usually his comic personalities were variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich from THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were convectors and gonify. Later, they would get rid of their criminal slopes because we liked them, but they were a grumpy type. But his Albert Einstein is really sweet. Like his Kotch, like Willie Clarke. He plays Alberta as a good old uncle Albert. It seems Matthau's Einstein lives in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) and she sees a dismissed professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs and takes him to a car where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls to Ryan who is attracted to him - but he finds out that he misses the mental equipment he admires. Good old uncle Albert, assisted by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks), decided to give Robbins help and make him a seemingly unrecognized genius of physics. This opens the door of romance between him and Ryan, assuming Ryan is overwhelmed, and Fry does not spoil things (how he hopes he does). The atmosphere is sweet, like when Matthau and his fools are helping Robbins cheat (by switching their body positions). The plot ultimately leads to a direct lie that the brilliant Robbins built a rocket powered by atomic energy that brings the interests of the nation to President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). a charming comedy and an interesting section for Matthau, because it was not so hyperspace but much more subdued.
