In 1986, I once saw this film happening on TV. I was 6 years old. It was like my accidental look at the terrible ending Now in 1987. Next year I went to Venice for a holiday in quiet terror and hoped God would not let my parents know I was watching! <br /> <br /> I had a sense when my parents knew I was watching Les Valseuses when I was a kid? I would probably probably avoid this subject with this father today, and my mom probably does not agree with the afterlife. I do not know if they want to see it. From watching and capturing a woman in a block of flats in the first scene that slides down mountain roads with glazed, enchanted eyes, I'm never sure if this film is an insensitive piece of waste that ignores the sexual revolution or whether it's a sexy liberating film that will watch how they appear to you that you will never have to be so insulting. <br /> <br /> It is definitely violent. She has a violent look at sex, practically no recognition of love. Even the infant young child turns into greedy sexual exploitation. But the script is very erotic and (god I am so British) exciting! Does she feel her breasts for her own good? This is exploitation. So why did I get wood? Are they studying to look for experienced older women, find ex-con, mother-number? I do not know. It ends in really terrible suicide. I told my friend JB Nelson, who has a pigeon boots in Cannibal, and he went eeuurrgghh! No maternal love for this movie, on the contrary. Pollution of the place where the boys started. Why does she shoot a girl in her leg? Why did she return to them? Do women need to be punished to learn what's right from men? I think of two movies I want one that I never saw, the other forced me to not be such a cruel world. Ice Cream / Madonna, the pile of madness she has never been so offended, that a woman who has been punished for becoming a slave to a man and her perhaps Madonna says everyone respects a person who is so angry that I can not use punctuation! Long ago in America / Leone, why are Noodle doing this? It destroys the way to the joy we've been watching for life. So close until he finally found love with Deborah. Now both are destroyed. Why Sergio? Why? <br /> <br /> There is no rape in Les Valseuses, but lots of sex and nudity in abundance, both sexes. Very sincere, without exaggeration. No fantasy will shoot, no perfect Hollywood smooth movements. Jokes, yes. But there is too much darkness and jealousy and tricks to call it a sexual comedy. Forget about wearing To shoot a naked hairdresser in the leg Cos will come back and you will hook it with a passionate son, Lover of Ex-con, and learn how to learn from him. <br /> <br /> Two things I can not stand for are raped movies and prison movies. Les Valseuses is not a raped movie! God, no one will want to watch now! It's a great movie!
