Yes, you are reading it correctly, children. Michael Bay should study this film before doing any of his exaggerated, too long, too useless films "Transformers". "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably costs less than the "Transformers" crew spent on personal coach Megan Fox. Fortunately, this small robotic gem, initially known mainly because it is a film that the bankruptcy of Charles and Albert Band is Empire Pictures studio, seems to have developed a culture to follow over the years. I love to remember how I watched VHS during the early release of videos in the early 1990s, although some of the Cold War politicians / stereotypes were already out of date (only the band's luck that Communism would fall while the movie was sitting on a shelf waiting to release, eh?), it's still a damn cold little B-movie. They really will not do this anymore, or if they do, the Bay and CGI tracks go into unbearable proportions. For those who are not known, there's a Robo-Shovel: We somewhere in the future and after the nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" were banned. Disputes between peoples are now solved by mano-a-mano (or perhaps it should be a machine-o-machine-o) one representative from each side fighting in the giant shogun warrior robot sizes. Which shoe left the fight wins for "his" side. Gary Graham (later played by detective Sykes in the TV series "Alien Nation"), plays "Achilles," the biggest story of Robot Jock in Marketplace (a once-good guy). Achilles was unsuccessful in his previous nine robotic attacks (ten is the maximum number of battles before Jock), and at the beginning of the film is against his counterpart from the "confederation" (ie, the Russians!), Psychotic Alexander (the worst "bad Russian" stereotype a bad guy from the illustriously known Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexandr at the last minute violates the rules with an illegal robot, and eventually ends up not only with the shame of Achilles but kills a wide range of viewers in the store. The match is scheduled to complete the match, but Achilles simply wants to move, hang his helmet and continue with his life. Rather than breaking the Spoiler rules by revealing much more, I simply say that there are plenty of twists and turns, backstage skulls and other troubles for Achilles and his colleague Jox before two robotic titans are finally re-running once again in the final . I hope I do not make this film as a masterpiece of science fiction because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I assure you that this is a slightly higher concept than your average B-class science fiction film, and although budget difficulties sometimes occur (especially in scenes that include some painfully obvious tricks on the green screen), it is still the best movie ever to come from the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robot scenes are very well done using old stop motion / modeling techniques and sets and costumes do not look the smallest. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon are sure to shoot the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it did not fit for them (or the studio), but at least we got one heckuva cool little movie from the contract. Bottom Line: If you want to be falsely and visually attacked for 2 hours, do not hesitate to rent the movie "Transformers". At the end you will probably feel like you've spent the whole time watching someone else play a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, sock'em robot good time, pick Robot Jox instead.
