"Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an aging man who, in Mexico, is tied to an American merchant (Greg Kinnear) with a happy freedom. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically called "Noble") seems to be a "hard man" on the surface, there is really just a bunch of neuroses and uncertainty, a person who realizes that his chosen profession has basically left him. world and without a friend. On his birthday he gets to Danny, a man who lived his life according to the rules, and who becomes strangely interested in Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men are in a relationship with one another who can never be, but wish they could become in their quieter and more sincere moments of self-assessment. Although the film reminds a bit of "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to make it completely fresh and original, "Matador" still gets points for the complexity of his characters and the quality of his acting. Brosnan, looking aged and almost exhausted, slips his teeth into the role of Julian as he had never before. When playing a man who seems constitutionally unable to create a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is a flip and a cavalier one moment, then a true and compassionate one. He always keeps us in balance, so that humor does not care and does not stand. Kinnear is also excellent because regular merchant Joe, who finds himself increasingly in the dark side when his relationship with Julian deepens. I hope Davis is doing a great job like "Bean", Danny's loyal and dear wife, who as her husband takes this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world that is far from what she knows. /> Sometimes we feel that "Matador" holds something from us, not fully install the depth of his situation and assumption. At the end, it feels a little too light, a little insignificant to notice the impact it should have. This may be because it is a feature-length debut for writer / director Richard Shephard, and his film has not yet appeared. Yet one appreciates the fact that it is not always obvious, and that it is firmly focused on the two main characters in the picture, rarely settling for trite arrangements or easy laughter. <br /> <br /> "Matador" is a bad but generally fun little comedy that hopefully will mark a new stage in Brosnan's acting career.
