Fassbinder's largest production sacrifices little of his talent to identify and deconstruct a sufferer's place in long, mobile attitudes that somehow also act as social encapsulation; here is much more, because the story takes place in a war torn by Germany at the end of World War II, and the central figure is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who uses the vulnerability (economic and gender) to catapult itself on the ladder of a distinguished textile body. which makes favorite goods, such as lederhosen, available to nasty laborers (as they once were). He married as part of the allied air raid, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed a short honeymoon before being taken to the Russian front. In her absence her desperation is great: she spends most of her days at the train station waiting for her to return. When a dead man is reported, he suddenly stops mourning and works as a bartender / prostitute at a brothel that deals with the American GI. When they return, things are chaotic enough because circumstances (and its sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to separate them from each other. The report is M.O. Fassbinder. "Love is cooler than death," but Maria focuses not only on her own mental health, but also on her wife, who is largely unable to love her, but on the ground in a deep stream without visible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes some statement about post-war Germany sold to the highest bidders, but as with all his films, I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions on the screen: Fassbinder is evoked through his characters; his actors "filtered through their real connection with Fassbinder.When taken together, his films can be either unbearable or indescribably miserable, often at once, it sinks somewhere between them, though definitely closer to the other.While I did not like it as bitter tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun is sure to have more space and more, I felt her passion and authentic details of human emotions.
