The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) who married a German soldier (Herman Braun) just after the end of the war. After he married half a day and night, Herman is sent back to the front. In order to meet Maria, she begins to work in the bar mainly for US soldiers and meet the black soldier. She learned that Herman had died in front of her and things were developing between her and the American soldier. Herman walks into them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria kills the American. Herman admits murder, ends in jail, and Maria promises to be waiting for him. The earth is in that sadness; one sees people who leave everything that is busy for a cigarette. There is a lack of food. In short, the survival time of the most capable. <br /> <br /> In essence, this film presents the attitudes of Mary - the attitude she allowed itself under these circumstances as a metaphor of the loss of the soul of Germany after losing the war, and how it gradually renews itself. For example, Maria has the following interview with the merchant (played by Fassbinder himself); the merchant will try to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and notes that "The Kleist is quick to burn, does not provide enough heat for the cold." The leader replies: "That's another way to look at it, right now it's probably the right way." Maria meets French-German businessman Karl Oswald after she has gone into the first class train. She decided to join Charles: "You have no affair with me, I have an affair with you." She also takes responsibility in society and, after some time, has full company confidence. When Karl says, "I suppose we'll have to wait for a miracle," she replied. "I prefer doing miracles, then wait for them." In her own words, "Mata Hariem of the economic miracle" became. In many Fassbinder films he tried to reveal the psychological processes that lie behind social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to show his camera to the balls, false social mechanisms, pretense. Maria's direct approach to this film successfully communicates this ideology. For example, Karla phones and when she picks up her phone, her request is directly to point "I need someone to sleep". As Fassbinder said, "The emotions people felt did not exist at all, and they were just such a sentiment that we thought we had to be well-functioning members of society." He also remarked that his films are against the emotional. <br /> <br /> I like the scene when Karl and Maria meet at a Munich restaurant (apparently often visited by Hitler himself). Maria seems to be in control, and Karl a little on the bottom, as if Maria's "brutal sincerity" exhausted him as though he was not in the situation. Karl says, "I must say again and again that I love life." Mary says, "It's life, it's not like signing a treaty to enjoy life, and then we're going to eat and talk about food." I think it's also about Fassbinder's attitudes to relationships, he'll never be completely upset. And why would you, if the main theme of most of his films was "What love becomes in this society a commodity, a tool of power, a weapon." It was noted that it is typical of Fassbinder who has scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive clothes in ruins after the war - with these clothes basically a bad season. What I think he would like to portray here are those attitudes when you feel bad that "you can always put on your makeup and your face looks great as a day." But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistakes in the movie could be corrected in another project. Since finishing the movies (about 4 per year) as other people have rolled cigarettes, it is not strange that this film has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, said that Fassbinder is likely to dream the whole scene with Mary and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is great as Maria. He usually stares at the camera. In my own words, "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it like this." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions to the end. After Karl died of a harassment attack, Herman finally appeared. (Herman left Australia after he got out of prison to become human again.) After the witness was brought out (made with her and Herman in the middle), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights up her cigarette, and throw her and Herman up. It's obvious to me that she did it by accident. At the same time she should be upset when her dreams finally seem to be fulfilled. She must feel as if she was not alone. She felt as if she had lost herself.
