Maria Braun married in the middle of the battle all around her and her husband Hermann. The explosion broke through the building and began with Hermann, and she signed the papers on a pile of debris in the street. Perhaps someone can strike like a metaphor of heavy hands for what is going on: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is a betrothed when a husband leaves for a war and is held in a Russian prison camp that is not unbenownst helpless, but hopeful and proud Maria, who stays at the depressive crash of the train station when some return home, others not with a sign waits on Hermann. As it happens in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodrama, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see that Maria (exceptionally beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role) makes two faces: she stands by her husband, although it means working in the bar for American GI, and even after learning about a soldier that Hermann died, he still stays next to him while sleeping with a black GI and coming close to carrying his baby (of course, until he reappears and the murder occurs and he gets the rap so he can be safe) or worked for a German merchant (really compassionate Ivan Desny) lady and rising star in the company. Maria will do anything to be successful, but she will always be married. It is hard to say that there is something about Mary that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all become interchangeable for Mary. It's like a feminist who has her cake and she gives her a big smile: she gets her husband more or less (in fact, much less than the last ten minutes of the film) and gets things - the man who behaves at all times, a new and dear house (such as a secretary, she played interestingly as Fassbinder's own mother). She is a very good man, and she is not a man of any kind. Maria is sexy, sure and alone, with an idealized life against life that should be done in the shadows. He says of two men - an American soldier and poor old and ill Oswald - that she loves them and at the same time keeps them with these roses by a confused and soul-searching husband Hermann sent from Canada after he was released from prison. It reveals a profile that a feminist would like to do but understand where it comes from and goes all the way. Fassbinder employs this inherent contradiction, and moments with Mary seem to be against melodrama conventions (eg, Hermann, who walks on love and half-naked Maria and GI, is only a masterpiece of the scene, with Mary's reaction not by surprise or guilt but by pure happiness to see that he's alive) to his weapons as a director of such an outraged technique with a plot that should be predictable. But that's not true. It's like a great metaphor for a country that could not really go back to normal after the war. Fassbinder distributes the sound of the radio in the background several times, and we see Maria walking through her family house, a busy hand breaking over her and the radio talking about Germany, about things that are still very upset, misunderstood. Perhaps the only way to deal with is a surplus, or perhaps it is just my explanation. It's hard to say, really, under Schygullo's face and eyes, anyway. It's such an incredible performance, really, one of those showstoppers that captures the charm and charm of an old Hollywood female star, while the dirty ethics of a street girl. The best known are the costumes that appear in one scene when she is finally with her husband, starring in one of those super cute black underwear and high heels, and then moves to her dress without thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Maria is, and Schygulla surprisingly gets her down, a tough but loving figure that is admired and confused about those men, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; while overall I prefer Veronica Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a study of attitudes, about what makes a woman stumble and put (almost) nothing to lose.
