'Student of Prague' is an early horror drama, or rather an autofilm (author's film). This film is a member of the movement of many movements that have tried to give respect to movies, or just profit, by adapting literature or theater to the screen. Fortunately, the story of this moving book is good. The use of the poem by Alfred de Musset and the story by Edgar Allen Poe focuses on doppelgänger. Unfortunately, most of the film that gets this film is a double exposition to make Paul Wegener appear twice in the scenes. Guido Seeber was, for his day, a magician of special effects, but he is not good at placing a camera or motion. However, film scientist Leon Hunt (published in Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative) has made an interesting analysis of this film by using a double-frame reinforcement framework: left / right, close / distal, and diagonal framing of characters and images. Regardless, the film mostly consists of long long shots from a solid position, which is probably primitive. Worse is the lack of adjustments; there is a very small scene of dissection and scene watching. None of this is unusual for 1913, but there were even more advanced films, including the better parts of Atlantis (August Blom, 1913), Twilight of a Soul of Woman (1913) and short films by DW Griffith . <br /> <br /> Enhanced Universal Film Vocabulary in 1926 would allow a much better coup. Additionally, Remake has a reason for Lyduschka to be a character other than occasional trouble and a spectator replacement. Here, seemingly, the Gypsies are seized with the cloak of invisibility. I know their world is silent to me, but I suppose their lips will move in such a way that their world will not be silenced with them, so how can Lyduschka lie over the shoulders of others and not notice? /> Nevertheless, it is conceptually one of the most interesting early films. Wegener, who seems to have been the main brain behind this film, next to starring, later played the lead role and in 1920 collaborated with director "The Golem" - helping to further supernatural dominance in the silent German film. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (Note: The first version I saw was about an hour long (certainly not complete) and was in poor condition, sometimes bleached and the like, and since then I have seen Alpha DVD missing in 41 minutes of the track present in the aforementioned print and also has fewer and very different title cards, but not visually so bad. The picking score is best dimmed, though.)
