One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the film was undoubtedly German Expressionism, the highly atmospheric style of the film that developed during the 1920s in Berlin. Classical films such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement and while the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on cinematography is still possible today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures of this style will be director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920s, "Der Golem, Wie Er in the Welt Kam", for his debut as a director, seven years before the creation of this classic, experiments with expressionism in the film. This early prototype of German Expressionism was, by the way, another horror film "Der Student Von Prag". "Der Student Von Prag" is the story of Balduin (Pavel Wegener), a student with the reputation of the best swordsmanship in Prague, who has always been in financial trouble. One day Balduin will save the beautiful Countess Margita (Grete Berger) from drowning in the lake after her horse accidentally let her. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon finds out that she will have to compete with her rich cousin, Graf von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry. She knew she could not offer her much, Balduin wishes to be rich, and that's where Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin endless wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal only to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Loosely inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" and classic legend "Faust", the story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, the horror writer and one of the first writers he considered the writer is as valid as any other form of literature. At a time when the cinema in Germany was still developing as an art form, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a real willingness to actually use cinematography to tell a fully developed story outside the camera trick or series of scenes. Like most screenwriters of his time, Ewers' script is still highly influenced by the theater, even though "Der Student Von Prag" is starting to move from this style. While a bit poor on his character development (especially on supporting characters), Ewers can create an intriguing and complex protagonist in the Balduin person. While "Der Student Von Prag" was director Paul Wegener's debut director and Stellan Rye's second film as a filmmaker, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what the cinema could do when it was done correctly. With great contribution to Guido Seebert's cinematography, two young filmmakers create a strong Gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German creators of the next decade would do. Wegener learned a lot of techniques to use in Seeber and Rye's "Golem" series. Although Rye and Wegener still have very limited resources, they can create an extraordinary and very convincing (for their time) visual effect for scenes with Balduin's reflection (played by Wegener). He is already an experienced actor on stage at the time of shooting this film. Wegener directs the cast with great talent and also tries to get from the slim style of the previous creators. As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the movie. He certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the writer, but we can not deny that Wegener was very good in his role as a poor pupil who loses more than his mirroring reflections in this treaty. John Gottowt plays an ominous Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that fits the character like a gauntlet. There's little to say about Scapinelli, but Gottowt tells us that it is a force we can fear. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate because Grete Berger is basically average as Countess Margit and Lothar Körner makes poor Graf von Schwarzenberg. However, it has to be said that Lyda Salmon was quite good in her expressive nature, and Fritz Weidemann became an outstanding Baron Waldis Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity of Lörner's character. Taking into account the films that were superseded in all possible ways (13 years after this film), it is hard to understand why "Der Student Von Prag" was not a test of time just like other early films. The film's main problem is certainly its extremely low budget, as the result is that the film is significantly shorter than what Ewers' story needed to be fully developed. This makes the plot a little too vague at times or even incomplete, as if something was lacking in the story (of course there is the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting early attempt at a complicated story about horror and tension in the film, which was a strong impression in history when it was lower than what other filmmakers were doing at the time. As a direct ancestor of the German expressionist movement, it is hard to deny the immense importance of "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinematography in general. It may even look like its time, but given the limited resources of its director, it is really better than most of the movies of that time. As a film that began with Paul Wegener's career and with German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must for anyone interested in this film of history. 7/10
