1927 and Hollywood has been on the map as the center of the cinematographic world for more than a decade. Now that it has become a multi millionaire industry and a vertically integrated studio system has been introduced, some of those who were in the quieter neighborhoods of the film factory had time for a little self-reflection. The last command, while his heart may be the classic story of a once-prestigious man who has fallen in difficult times, frames this story in an embarrassing view of how the film undoubtedly creates reality and how its production process can be mercilessly impersonal. This was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on the scene for so long to know. Do you take a man in the middle of the scene who was at the time among the most famous immigrants in Hollywood? Emil Jannings. Prior to joining the States, Jannings worked mainly in comedy, being a grandmaster of a swinging, yet cheerful and well-timed performance, often as a pompous authoritarian character or harassment of old has-beens. He makes his entry into the last command as the second, and initially it looks like it should be another of Jannings's scenery-chomping cartoon. However, as the story progresses, the actor tries to show his range, showing ultimately delicate fragility, quiet dignity, and eventually amazing strength and presence in the final. He will never stop in exaggerated exaggeration (German acting tradition without knowing anything about subtlety), but constantly gives us absolute control over every face of his performance. The director was another immigrant, although he was a little longer around Hollywood and had no background in the European film industry. However, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself a painting of the artistic and imperial German cinema Meister ("von" was created by the way), and he took a very prominent approach to the craft. Notable in this picture is its control of pace and tone, a great example being the first of Russian flash scenes. We open with a carefully assembled chaos with moving in the converging directions that we spectators become part of when the camera pulls back and fills the dash over the screen. Then when Jannings arrive, everything will settle. Jannings's performance is incredibly calmed down and measured, and when players around him start to mirror, it's as if his mere presence has restored order. Sternberg seems to be reluctant to violence, allowing the poorest moments that take place outside the screen, yet they indicate that they have become a stream of images that is almost poetic. In fact, it seems to have a total lack of interest in action. On the scene of the prison revolt, Sternberg takes a steady and objective attitude, and his camera finally falls back to the "fly-on-the-wall" position. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex set of shots from the point of view and the intense details that bring us right in the middle of interaction. personality on the scene, it seemed that Sternberg was more like a cool and discreet director playing on the screen by William Powell, and in fact Powell's portrait is probably something of a deliberate parody that even the Sternberg himself had. Unfortunately, this rough attitude has not made him an easy person, and with his focus on his technical resources over his human, the lesser performances in his paintings leave him a little desirable. While Jannings shows classic Hamming in the Charles Laughton mode, which works dramatically, it seems that no one has told their stars that they are not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, he gives us some good emotion but overlaps it over and over. The only performance that comes close to Jannings is Powell himself. It's a little strange to see the normally star of the Thin Man and Big Ziegfeld, who plays characters as strict and humorous as the male Ninotch, but doing a good job revealing the smoldering emotional intensity under the tough exterior. The last command in studio studies offices was easily feared by a couple of feathers, which happens to be any degrading commentary on the film process, even a relative example like this one. At least I think many leading studies would be dissatisfied with the "backstage" intention, as it threatened the mystique of filmmaking, which was very lively at this time. As it turned out, such was the impact of Jannings' first actor's best actor award, as well as the best nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, though the question is a bit unclear) a nomination for the best shot. This is significant because the academy was a tiny institution at the moment, and the first prizes were more than ever a self-assessment of the back-slapping of the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were willing to reward it.
