Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film to produce his own hero (Shintaro Katsu) own production, which is perhaps the reason why it's a little less entry into the series, though it is not at all weak overall. He says that our hero meets two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious ronin who helps the poor, and from this group revolves a story that includes tragedy, violence and no small interest, all served with the pain of the unannounced but inspired sword , which is one of a series of trademarks. This is a fairly predictable conspiracy that does not take place, but zips along with style and interesting things. A useful ronin, for example, is an inconspicuously inelastic revolutionary character that interferes with established order without being painted as a truly sympathetic or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes harm to his actions, while the ruling system is driving the exploitation of the poor. It's a harsh world with one or two more than expected moments in battle, though things are not as exciting as they could be. Shintaro Katsu is transformed into a typical brilliant performance such as Zatoichi, mixing wisdom, lethal skills and conscience with a gentle sense of vulnerability, while solid work also comes from Rentar Mikuni and effectively furious Kô Nishimura (later appearing as Katsu's superior "Snake" Magobei in the trilogy Hanzo) as two main bosses in the film. There is also a good emotional turn from Yuko Hamad as a damaged woman. The film loses its shake and not a well-organized event sequence, there is at least one gentle time jump, and the power of the plot is a bit lost, which means that when things get warm to the end, not as exciting as it could be, the emotional impact is also lost. Events or scenes Zatoichi who use his brilliant skills are well solved by director Satsu Yamamoto, although some games are less interesting, and the film is created in a more working-class manner than in a truly inspired way, without lively characters or a strong contempt for some other repayment. I still enjoy it, it has its shortcomings and is not one of the best series, but it still adds a sweetly satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story, and a decent dose of Zatoichi's trademark. Recommended for fans of the series and a sensible entry point, elegant things, though not really great.
