This is one of Zatochi's most amazing films due to his very unusual stimulation and the role played by Ichi in the film. Interestingly, it was the first film Zatochi, which produced a new production company by Shintaro Katsu. Now instead of filming a blind swordsman Katsu is responsible for making movies. This could easily explain why this film is seemingly different in style than the previous 15 films. As for the role of Ichi, the film is very different because it is not in the movie just as usual. It's also easy to crazy, and actually, for a while, it hurts a lot for people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zatōchi Rōyaburi" starts talking to Ichi with an old lady trying to use her blindness. Especially in this scene, Ichi says he is blind from the blind child, although in the previous movie he says his blindness was up at the age of 8. That's a small mistake, and he would not care for a fan like me. This movie takes place for at least six months and is likely to take a year - so you can see what I said about a special stimulus. Most movies in the series take place within a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to the city where the boss (Asagoro) is trying to be a nice Ichi because he knows about the legend of a blind man. The boss is pretty charming, and surprisingly Ichi is totally determined by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - any guru poor. Shushui urges people to abandon all violence, and even Ichi falls under his teachings-giving up his blades for many months. Shushui's teachings are very similar to China's Daoist teachings - nonviolence and acceptance of life as it is (good or bad). Months after leaving this city and thinking that everything is fine, Ichi learns that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - the enslavement of women, the oppression of the poor, and all around. In this way, Ichi is responsible because he assisted Asagor and considered him a friend. Now Asagoro has captured Shushui, and several innocent people have been killed for bad bosses. When Ichi returns, we will not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or bad, but he tries it smartly. This bit with the scarecrow is inspired and leads to the finale where else, Ichi kills the bad and frees Shushui. This final was very good and it was in the rain. Then the finishing scene with Asagor and the rocks is great, although today's drawing is now adorned with today's standards of special effects. Natural movies are that although they are bad, they are different and can not be mistaken in the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). It also ends very well. Minuses (except the steps) are that some may inadvertently look at Ichi so faulty, and scenes with Ichi and other blinds that are included in the comic relief will fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are tiny and uncomfortable ... it is such an apartment that it is.
