Reworked mobile suits that can destroy the whole army - Check it out! Guns That Hardly Need And Still Destroy Everything - Check it! Mobile angel-based suits - Check it out! <br /> <br /> OK - it's the Gundam series. This Gundam Wing character has a good character, complexity in the real world, interesting ideas and some pretty eye-candy. The characters were initially weak Relena Dorlan (later Peacecraft and then back to Dorlan) becoming stronger and more independent (though still totally besotted with Heero Yuy, the main character of the series). The above-mentioned Heero, initially cold, hard butcher, is becoming more and more human, while still staying in character. And when you see that the lost Millardo Peacecraft (who is the nomm de guerre is Zechs Marquise), floats between OZ, Freelance and White Fang command shows how some people actually can lose in their own creations. The complex political and military situation is also quite good - it reflects how the real world works. But in 49 half-time episodes, it becomes a bit of a commitment that this complexity is not used to full potential. Ideas in the core of the series - the need to fight, the desire for peace, etc. - are what resonate today. The retrospection was a series of years ago with the "War on Terror" and everyone. But his exploration of these thoughts, monologues, especially those from Treize Kushrenady, is an incredible dramatic work that forms some of the best writing in the series. But sometimes good writing is also sometimes extremely poor, which dramatically causes it to lose some of its edges. <br /> <br /> When it comes to eye-candy, which is what this bucketloads have, everything from your mobile to the Libra battleship (not no tampons the idiot!) is well designed and exploded in big balls orange ( which is bad, because better animation should have better explosions). But who cares ?! Stuff explodes and that's all important. In short, the sheer complexity of the series means that if you miss several episodes, you've missed a lot. Poor writing can leave you running and sometimes animation makes you "WTF?!?!" But that happens in its classical animation style, its range, sparks of incredible dialogue, and its more mature exploration that awaits such Japanese animations.
