Gundam Wing is an amazing show from start to finish, every episode is a joy to watch. The story is a typical Gundam tariff; in the future, the Earth's population is growing to the point where we are building space colonies for expansion. But the story is in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It is a year after Colony 195 and the corrupt provincial government, known as the Alliance Earth sphere, forcibly assumes free colonies. In the struggle against Alliance control and an even greater threat to come (a bad militarist organization that is hiding within an alliance of OZ that later assumes control of the Earth and the Colonies), we will select the members of the colonies that we send to Earth 5 super powerful meme to try to save the colony from the threat that will soon come. These mills, known as the Gundams, fight against the OZ and try to regain peace in the colonies while the OZ takes over the queue, completely removing the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing, as I was mentioned earlier, is probably the most enjoyable Gundam series that I think to look at. A large part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series in front of it, but the stories are much deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depths and emotions than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and relationship between these characters than on the epic space battle. Do not miss me badly, this show has many epic battles and the show still keeps the epic atmosphere of other Gundam series, but it will achieve this by following a 6 or 7 character set as opposed to how you look at it, it's really one of the most famous and enjoyable Gundam series, and I strongly recommend to every fan of anime or science in general. The show radiates amazing animation and great action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what prevents you from returning. The characters are drawn to the end of the show so you finally love each one of them. This show is definitely one that should not be missed. <br /> <br /> Perfect 10/10!
