Matador is better at reflection, because at the time you look, it looks so easy. Humor is always a medium-sized, never-functioning, but never gut-busting. The story is very simple. Characteristic features of the plot are often recycled elements, namely a ruthless bad man who needs a friend, and a straight carrier glass wearing a good person who needs safety in the life team and learns from each other and in some way complement each other's lifestyle. I also find that the dueling of the story is useless, because it is just a cruel thing, and symbolism is barely strong enough to wear it. It's a really good movie, though, though it seemed so thin and ineffective at the time, it was not. It has a gentle way to connect with the audience. I believe that the reason that slowly but surely gives the audience something to accept is that although it is a formula that is nothing new, even the majority of the humor, the two main characters, practically the only characters in it, are somehow fulfilled and recognized. Forget their real invitation. I do not mean that at all. I mean, although the dirty, feminine, hairy man Pierce Brosnan's separate comic position is firmly grasped by the writer and certainly by Brosnan who aggressively tells how much he enjoys the fresh air of James Bondless. The character of Greg Kinnear seems to be exactly the same in his separate screenplay, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes that have passed us for a moment because of the light shooting of the film, but then hit us only a moment later. Then we realize that the film does not just analyze this, or planets, trains and cars. It's really something to say. The film collection is something that wants to be a part-time thriller. But with its ease, how can it be the focus of the movie, though the plot leads to it? No, the focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear get from their unlikely relationship to each other. Special, Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every single day, and though we do not understand why Kinnear is so soothing and agrees that Brosnan is continuously interrupting his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan rescues Kinnear from his own version of feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene of the film stays with me. I think that's where the gentle side step movie finally starts to pee.
