Since the title is in English and IMDb lists the primary language of this show as English, I will concentrate on reviewing the English version of Gundam Wing (2000), as shown in the Bandai released DVD. My real overview for the whole series is under the slogan "Shin kidô senki Gundam W" (1995) IMDb. <br /> <br /> There is little change in the context of the graphics, character, and characterization of its adaptation to English and it really depends on your own taste to choose which language to watch for this show. Purists can keep Japanese everything they want, but for a "more realistic" experience I recommend an English footprint because all the characters except Heero Yuy are not Japanese (most of them are actually Caucasian with a few non-Japanese Asians.) First of all, meet more "directly" than in the Japanese version. - or-performance, but a very well-occupied group of actors. <br /> <br /> Pilot Wing Gundam Heero Yuy is a highly trained soldier who suppresses his emotions but slowly learns the values ​​of his humanity. Deadpan Delivery can be criticized as a "bad act", but that corresponds to Heer's personality very well. <br /> <br /> Deathscy Gundam's Duo Maxwell, sometimes cheerful in the face of death, is given a crash course in worshiping the value of life and friends. He is perhaps the best actor in the show, masterfully played by Scott McNeil. Maybe it sounds a little too old for his age, but Duo's English voice easily discards his irritating Japanese nose. Trowa, the pilot of Heavyarms, is a lost lonely soul, whose sole purpose is to fight; in spite of her inner desire to create relationships with the people around her, she knows only how to kill herself than to make friends with him. Kirby Morrow gives a dark but realistic performance like Trow Barton. Quatre Rebarba Winner is expressed by Brad Swaile, who has no difficulty solving the character of the character and breaking his innocence by experiencing the horrors of war and death firsthand. The big plus is that Quatre is no longer a girl (and yes, it's expressed by a female actress in the Japanese version), but bona fide is a typical 15-year-old boy. The impulsive but determined Wufei Chang, which Ted Cole has expressed, may seem a little overwhelming, but is in stark contrast to the heavier roles of Heer and Trowa. Relena Darlian is older in English, expressed by Lisa Ann Bailey. It may not be cool with her teenage personification soon in the series, but as her figure goes down later in the story, her voice follows in succession and eventually fits very well into character development. Zechs Merquise would be one of the drastically altered votes compared to the Japanese version. Both voices bring different sides of the same character. His Japanese voice is hopeful, authoritarian and commands respect, keeping himself in line with his high status and charismatic character. His English voice by Brian Drummond is more subdued, sounding somewhat ambiguous and "snake", highlighting the secret nature of the Zechas about his hidden agendas and firm beliefs about his ideals. OZ members are mixed bags really. Treize Kushrenada, expressed by David Kay, gets a more realistic and less powerful performance compared to his Japanese style than lifestyle. However, Lady Une will not reveal her personality as contrasting to the Japanese version and Lucrencia Noin just sounds ......... most of the time bored. Pilots of cadre feeds and military leaders do not even talk about it. <br /> <br /> I would appreciate it if you took the time to give different characters different characters to reflect their ethnic origin. The voices of the Maganac Corpus were generally insignificant, but they might have been more interesting if they were assigned medium-sized accents. Members of the Romerfeller Foundation would also sound better with some elegant European accent that reflects their nobility. Despite the captivating acting of the side characters, the main performance will make an exhibition and results in the overall less realistic translation of the Gundam Wing scripts. Very faithful to the original Japanese script, which preserves all the basic ideas that evoke ideas and themes related to politics, war and human nature. Unfortunately, it retains the shortcomings of the original Japanese script.
