Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the ongoing chronicles of Gundam. Unlike the previous records that focused on massive wars, this is a bit different; instead of having a military-military situation, this is led by five teenage boys (due to their ability to mix more easily than normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. This leads to problems because the gundams are to be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits" that are piloted by the less destructive weapons platforms and the "Dolly" operated at the A.I. and are used as horrible infantry. The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wingmu a priority over a larger number of anime that does it. Especially because most of the anime is customized from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all of Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> The Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets itself apart, with the exception of most anime, in the fact that instead of over-top-battles among mortals who more resemble gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to dare in fact that it's dramatic instead of melodramatic and the events seem to develop across the series elegantly. Normally, there are more than a few serials in the anime that think the best way to go for a "little" battle is to take half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam confirms this by saying that everyone knows the signs will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and it never seems as though the actions themselves are satirical. <br /> <br /> But the spell of Gundam Wing is in detail, and what this series has that more anime would be grateful to have. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, spells or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hardware sci-fi from a country that hates hardware science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to state that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a credible fiction in real life because of a religious subject that is at the core of his series), who love Star Wars but hate the AI. (film). Since then, Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD have now been produced for Japanese and American releases together with two voice teams. The American audience must wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture the dubbed or subtitle versions or even the modified SeeD episodes that are on the Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two sides that fight the war are technically backward. Heroes are the ones who advocate the rights of the wealthy and aristocratic citizens of the Earth from a group of terrorists who are announcing victory at all costs that make up the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. It is not a war, it is a "total war". Every person, every building, every street is the target of attack both on Earth and beyond. The only complaint and the reason why no ten points have been reached is that on roughly three-way walks, it just goes dead for a few episodes, and nobody really seems to be altering. A current flashback that is fine due to what reveals the characters, but at the same time stretches what should be cooking between the project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the exaggerated-on-Cartoon-Network (in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: The endless Waltz movie more than make up for the release.
