Does the team of archaeologists reveal a real treasure? Queen Sheeba's crown. From Egypt, the crown will be transported over a steamer to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy way. There are plenty of future thieves who would like to get their hands on precious gems contained in the crown. Fortunately, for all involved Moto, it is up to them to guard the crown on their way. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their treasure into treasure. After disappointing Moto's Gamble, I went to Moto Takes and Vacation, I hope for the best, but I'm definitely afraid of the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie I knew it would be more pleasant. I'm a skirt for the mystery of the 1930s style that has to do with the archaeological excavations in Egypt. And when I saw that Moto disguised as a German archaeologist (imagine Peter Lorre playing German?), The beginning of the scene really attracted me. While the film could move quickly to less exotic San Francisco, it was just as pleasant. Dark, ominous characters lurking in the rainy night; shots fired from open windows that narrowly lack the hero's head; sophisticated and predicted bad alarm systems just ask someone to test them; and the masters of the criminals believed they were dead? these are elements that are in a lot of really good secrets from the 1930s that I like. And Mr Moto took his vacation is everything. Several other bonuses for me included always a pleasant Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, comic relief from G.P. Huntley is really funny and a comeback for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the opening film scenes, so the sporting Moto is coming out at the final of the film. Moto is like Whirling Dervish activity when it comes to its prey. All this and I did not mention the amazing performance Lorre had taken advantage of. Whatever you look at, Moto Takes and Vacation is the winner. Just as I hate that Mr Moto's series has to end up with this payment, it's understandable when you think about it. The Second World War was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, the Japanese heroine would not have been surprised. At least Moto's series ended very positively.
