Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit-man. Or "fatal event agent," because he prefers the call. He is also drunk, feminine and in the middle of the crisis. At work in Mexico City, he encounters Danny White (Greg Kinnear), a non-conflicting merchant who thinks he is just loaded with a recent playground but is not sure. They meet in the hotel bar late one night after they both had too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a comic thriller setting by numbers, right? ? But it's not. Instead, The Matador is a funny and sometimes moving study of the character. He avoids any twist that suggests the above summary, sometimes even their setting, just to tear them joyfully. It is a film that respects the characters enough to let them go further without feeling the need to put them into unnecessary conspiracies. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hit man will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but that's unfair for both performances. Bond is a semi-spatial idea, a product of everything that has passed before; while Julian is a fully-formed figure with his own motives and flaws. He has been in his own shady, shabby world for as long as he forgot to talk to another human being. When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees the opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problems. On Danny's envy; a hit man has become a living life, seeing him increasingly approaching the inevitable "burnout," as he does. But when Danny opens the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, according to his words, "ran from any emotion". Kinnear keeps his own opposite to Brosnan's performance and meets Danny White with his carefree day-to-day charm. He is the perfect foil for Julian; while the other is a drunken bravado and hedonism, Danny is on the ground, just with a hint of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his established persona, showing us how far each person will go when facing financial and family ruins. There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the film's three main scenes: the hotel bar; during which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living, and takes him through a murder trial; and the scene in which Julian appears in Danny's house six months later. This scene also brings us right to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panic in the presence of a hired killer in her house, asks for a forced silence: "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not as good as it could be after another overwrite. One or two rows seem a bit hard and a few jokes need a little more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just talk, writing is excellent. The film does not feel that you need to put the characters in any extraordinary situation (other than meeting a hitting man and the hit-man appears at your threshold). They simply allow them to talk, gently attracting them to the necessary points of conspiracy. <br /> <br /> There is an action, but only when it is reflected in the characters. One of the most notable cases is when Julian strikes to work in Budapest because he is still looking at his rifles. The rest of the film is about characters, how they interact, how they interact. Finally, it is friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And it really means.
