It is very hard to judge this movie. As a value of entertainment for audiences of the 21st century, it unfortunately fails. However, for a student of early sound films and history, it is a gem. "Show of Shows" was filmed to compete with the successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929" MGM, still surviving the untouched and its Technicolor scenes. The aim of the all-star revue was to show the specific studio silent stars in speaking roles and show that they can make a transition. However, it seems that Warner Bros. it has forgotten and employed many events and stars that have not even been under long-term contracts such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even the marching group. Meanwhile their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is largely absent. Not even at high salary he could not be forced to join. Almost every act is too long and the movie is played like a dozen of Vitaphone weekends stretched together without continuity. The final is too long, but it's really nice with all his dance figures. The main features of the film are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bath", a couple of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore, who plays Shakespeare and Chinese fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor, and it is really quite attractive. Indeed, players in these good deeds have long been Warner Bros. stars, so the director may have known how to play his strengths because he met them. The film works as a snapshot of a strange point in the history of the film - 1929, which was a bridge between two times - silent and sound periods, and the turbulent 20th and Great Economic Crisis. Two years later, the same film would have a completely different cast as Warner Bros. would abandon his stars of the silent era and the stars they hired to produce early musicals in favor of the stars given by Warner Bros. its distinctive urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
