I saw this movie again as a task for my driving class. It was mainly the commentary on the various styles of management and ideas on quality (product). In the eighties, I rented it and I remember it's a good (but not great) movie. I've always liked the style and delivery of Michael Keaton. It was perfect for the movie. <br /> <br /> I am surprised to see some of the low ratings of this movie. I give you that, it's not an Oscar winner, but it has a good comic value. It's rather a small comedy rather than a comedy farce. I will also find some who feel it is an inaccurate film about cultural and business differences. I dare to disagree. Again, I admit that there is a lot of generosity and dramatization, but it is again a Hollywood film, not a documentary. From what I read about the differences between car manufacturers on both sides of the Pacific at the time, many of the main ideas were accurate for that time. Some of the fundamental differences were that Japanese laborers felt as part of society as a whole. Teamwork was emphasized. Maybe they made the company over the others. Where the US staff had more relationships with managerial versions, they had a relationship to work. An individual was more important than a company. I will probably have some hate emails over this comment. <br /> <br /> Another difference was how quality was displayed and its responsibility was corrected. In many Japanese plants, errors or problems are detected at the time they are discovered. Rather like one character in the movie it "they were dealers (which means auto dealer) a problem". Many of these things are probably dated, but I'm sure some are still around so many American car manufacturers are still struggling with the Japanese. If you are more interested in the subject of American, European and Japanese cars, I can recommend a book that examines this subject in more detail and was conducted approximately in the same time period. The book is called "The Machine that Changed the World" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. This is a study of car manufacturers during and before the time period covered by this film. The parts are a bit dry, but I think you'll find that it also backs up the movie.
