On the way back in the eighties of the last century, long before NAFTA was designed and corporations began to get rid of their national identities, the United States and Japan were wearing each other's throat in a world-class factory. Do you remember the names like "Union Yes!", "Japanese take over this country" and "Americans are lazy?" As the Reagan era began to decline and corporations headed for the global marketplace, director Ron Howard made one of several comedy genre trips with his "Gung Ho", which in 1986 won over $ 36 million in US Treasury Records. While in many ways, Howard's story about collision cultures in the workplace still offers the hard truth for industrial life. <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" focuses on Hunta Stevenson (Michaela Keaton), a deputy automotive representative from Hadleyville, a small, depressed city in the foothills of Pennsylvania. Stevenson was asked to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to Toyota's real life), who is considering an operation in the US in an empty factory in the city. With hundreds of people out of work and the city that has collapsed, Assan decides to pass, and Stevenson is hired as a link between company officials and assembly line workers. 112 minutes 'Gung Ho' is a humorous view of these two sides, their strengths and weaknesses being equally considered: on the one hand, an American labor force that values ​​its traditions but is often caught up in a madness of pride and trade unionism; on the other hand, Japanese workers who are extremely devoted to their work, but lack personal satisfaction and feelings of self-esteem. At Stevenson, we can find an American working class of average intelligence with the ability to talk to people through misunderstandings. With survival work, and mostly Hadleyville on the Stevenson line, he shows that he's a nice guy who wants nothing but a fair chance, though his skill will slip into big problems. In addition to responding to Assan's heads, we witnessed a fine reconciliation between Stevenson and his colleagues, union members, many of whom grew up. This includes Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro) and Paula (Clint Howard, Ron's brother). The Japanese cast is led by Geddy Watanabe, also known as the "Sixteen Candles" Volunteers. "Watanabe plays Kazihiro, a race manager who is lucky and starts to feel sympathetic to American life, with his shadow being Saito (Sab Shimono), Assassin's General Assan, who desperately tries to take his place in a massive turn, "Gung Ho" is for Keaton, who also co-wrote with Ron Howard in 1994, "The Paper." This film was shot by in a number of lighter roles that included "Mr. Mami," "Beetle Juice," and "The Dream Team," before getting into "Batman," "One Good Police Officer," and "My Life." It's also hard not to feel the performance of Gedde Watanabe as a strange person who first wore the Japanese ribbons of shame before joining Stevenson to make the car factory a cohesive unit. Wendt, Turturro, Shimono, and Soh Yamamura as Assian Sakamoto's Managing Director. Mimi Rogers adds romantic interest as Audrey, girlfriend Hunt. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel joined Gung Ho's hard-working writing. Random music, which received the BMI Film Music Award, was composed by Thomas Newman. The Song of Gung Ho is from the 1970s, including "Do not Get Me Wrong," "Tuff Enuff," and "Man's Work Class". The success of "Gung Ho" actually led to the short-lived television series ABC. While more impressive as a social commentary twenty years ago, Ron Howard still has comical value. It is available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and is a very short change. Audio features are available in 5.1 surround English, Dolby surround English and French "dubbing" but the subtitles are in English only. There are no extras or theater trailer. On the plus side, the Paramount digital transmission is quite good, with a small grain of initial credits and high sound quality. While some extras would be useful - especially that "Gung Ho" was the success of boxing - there is little to complain about the film presentation itself. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
