Matador is a strange movie. His main character, Julian, playing with an unusual combination of charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hit man who is experiencing a late crisis in the middle of his life. After spending 22 years in the profession of cold blood murder, he is now under pressure and desperately lonely. So after an occasional meeting with Danny (Greg Kinnear) he turns on and starts to worry, an unpleasant friendship. Danny, a typical nice guy, deals with some things in his own life, and he could also use a boyfriend. Two make an unexpected connection, and Danny sticks around to hear Julian's story, even after he learns the "blatant" truth about Julian's work. Matador is approaching a topic that is not completely unheard of in the cinema, a hero killer (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several key ways. First of all, killing and gore is implied but never showed in any detail, which means that if you're an action movie fan looking for adrenaline rush, this movie probably disappoints you. And on the other hand, unlike most anti-heroic films, Matador does not even try to show remorse and redemption from his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as "what it is" kind of thing. This is unusual, given that 99.99% of us think that killing for money is terrible. And yet this unorthodox approach is probably what makes the film authentic. Even though we do not like it, almost everything has become worldly after we've done it long enough, maybe even by murder. Does that mean that Julian's victims deserve to die? Who is to kill people? Who knows. The film is never interested in these questions. Emphasis is placed on Julian and his fragile shuffle into true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in paper, you should talk that people like his should be excluded from society as a cancer, but forced to look at their lives, you are drawn to their intense humanity. Devil's sympathy, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not entirely deny his James Bond good looks and smooth spell, but rather adds to the disturbing disturbing mood. Strange or rough notes in moderately polite conversations, and sudden changes from compelling spell to childhood seizures and sad desperate requests for admission. He constantly guesses about his grasp of his reason and how it will affect those around you. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly hits a bad note while playing, but it works. Films have only another important role, Danny, it's not nearly like meat. Kinnear turns into a solid, vague performance as a regular Joe with a regular life and problems with Jo. The movie does not really have any huge shocks or M Night Shyamalan, but I was not able to guess the end and it was satisfying. She has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights, yet she felt very human. And there was no heart that poured in the pursuit of vehicles or gunfights, and yet I thought it was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only true message is about the human need to reach out and interconnect and how these needs have no moral assumptions. Even a killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a commentary on the weird, random world we live in. A good movie; worth seeing.
