Sherman set the reverse machine to ... 1986. The United States just got out of the worst post-war recession, while Japan is enjoying unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry was still an important part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "downsizing" has not yet come into the general vocabulary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. Bruce could be heard in radio singing, "Foreman says these jobs are, boy, and they will not go back to your hometown." Chrysler was just rescued by Uncle Sam. Stickers on the bumper can be seen in the words "Buy an American - the work you save can be your own." "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than just another popular film of that period. The film certainly has its flaws - some of the loose fences and average actor's work, except for Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story really lies in meeting the East and the West: Keaton's Hunt Stevenson embodies America, is vague and self-confident outward but still uncertain. Kazuhiro Watanabe embodies Japan at the top of the pile with a successful system, but wonders if it is necessary to learn more from his western rivals. The film plot, which is essentially flawed, simply provides a framework for conflict and eventually the synthesis of its two personalities. Keaton's actress overshadows everyone else and practically makes the film herself. I have always admired Keaton's ability to deliver lines that feel improvised, no matter what scenario he is watching. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice, friendly person, a natural leader with a wise stripe. But it has a fatal error for many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. It scatters a crowd of inspirational anecdotes and even lies, rather than pointing to the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is a mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, reluctant to be bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first arrives in Kazuhiro with employee dissatisfaction perfectly captures the Japanese approach to the conflict at the workplace. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints: "I understand what you say," but his demands will not be rebuffed aloud. Stevenson misinterprets it as an agreement and refuses to say, "Okay, we have a settlement." (This is still a problem of Japanese-American trade relations in the 21st century!) Eventually Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: to get the factory smooth, to meet the production targets and to fulfill their responsibility to the workers under them. When working on this goal, each one has to take a page from the rest of the book. Kazuhiro's family is becoming increasingly "Americanized" as an obvious example. Note also that Stevenson thinks it strange when Kazuhiro explains how he has to publicly apologize to his laborers for not having done it - and later in Stevenson's film he does it himself. and his solution is a bit crowning, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can overlook the mistakes of the movie, there is a great story about self-realization and openness.
