Many neglect that it's not just a classic because it's the first 3D game or even the first shoot-'em-up. It's also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) claustrophobic games and a very nice game experience in general. With graphics that are dated today, the game takes you to the role of B.J. (do not even think I'm trying to pronounce my surname!), American P.O.W. trapped in an underground bunker. You fight and go through the tunnels to reach different goals for six episodes (but, most of them are just an excuse to give you a gun, we surround you with the Nazis and send you to lose one of the Nazi leaders). Graphics, as I have already mentioned, are relatively long and very simple. The least detailed essentially any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. If you succeed (and some would suggest that this simplicity just contributes to how the game has to you), then you have one heck good shooter / creeping game. Gameplay consists of searching for keys, health and ammo, firing enemies (the above-mentioned Nazis and "Boss's enemy") on various difficulty levels (which naturally grows when you move around in the game), unlocking doors and looking for secret rooms. After each battle is calculated the bonus ... it goes how fast you were (basically, if you beat 'par time', which is the time you trained to pass the same level, it can be quite fun to try and beat, and how difficult the levels are to find a way, are even challenging after many obstacles), how much Nazi gold (treasure) you have gathered and how many criminals you have killed. Basically, if you have 100% of any of the above, you will receive a bonus to help you achieve the desired high placement scores. The game (mostly but not always) allows two contrasting ways of playing ... mysteriously or shooting anything and everything you see. You can either run or walk and there is also a knife between the guns ... the run is heard instantly as you enter the same room as the guard as well as the shots. Many guards are found standing with the back facing you, which means you can go after them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more about the weapons later. The keys unlock a certain door. Most doors in the game are not locked ... only two kinds need keys, and these keys are introduced only at later levels (restarting levels, resetting weapons, health, scores, and lives in each chapter). Much of the later game was spent searching. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, as well as many of the period (late 1980s, early 90s), is based on gathering more lives ... personally, I think it is totally and utterly useless (hence the end. I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and beyond) because you can save and "use life" to restore weapons, health and munitions as if you were starting a new chapter (which is real pain in later levels where you need harder artillery I'm not gonna fight anymore ... go on with your guns! You start with the above-mentioned knife (which is silent but effective to close) and a pistol ... nothing special but good for keeping ammunition, unlike the other two bad boys. The third weapon is the German SMG ... sub-machine gun, it's faster and more automatic, and some later enemies use it, and the last one ... is not the Gatling weapon ... Yeah! Think Predator Think Predator. you are about to unload a massive amount of lead into Nazi devils with such a gun. It's as fun as it sounds. Most boss enemies use it, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these boss enemies, however ... it is for each player to discover for himself or herself. The sound is great ... very sharp and realistic. As you hear the machine gun tear, the deafening metal door door closet behind you, or the surprise of a Nazi surprise or German warning, you really feel as if you were there, trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. I like the design level ... when you go through the seemingly countless, almost identical corridors towards the next lift that takes you further, you are grasped by a claustrophobic mood. I have rarely gotten to the disease of movement (though it could have something to do with little sleep, great humidity and unusual heat ...). Though the detail level is not terribly high, it's great. Remaining victims, guards and innumerable Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also contains a lot of gore ... because it's a limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew certainly put in the blood and guts they can do for the game. What's unnecessarily said ... the first of its kind, and it's no wonder that it has caused countless other 3D shooters. Sure, to break the weapon and various levels of height (stairs and such) did not appear until the next entry into the genre ... Doom ... and that was Duke Nukem 3D, which introduced the function of switching your view (so it goes beyond the borders simply to the left and to the right, adding vertical dimensions) and jumping did not appear until the third, later title (the first Quake, probably "Fellow gamers, help me here) ... but all the games, like the rest of the genre, owe their existence to this. So, load Luger, open the door to get into the bunker and enter B.J. ... deserves recognition, even (or maybe even especially?) Almost fifteen years after it first appeared. I recommended it to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
