"Margaritas and Cock ..." <br /> <br /> This incredibly entertaining movie catches you from the opening scene and never stops laughing, surprise and unexpectedly touching moments. I've had more fun watching "The Matador" than almost every other movie in 2005. It's a horror movie with an unforgettable character, played by Pierce Brosnan's perfection. Julian Noble (Brosnan) is a hit-man who specializes in high-end corporate concerts (assassination of wealthy guys). He is also experiencing something like this half-life crisis. After I realized he had no real friends, no permanent home or planned future, he would hit a Mexican hotel bar one night and hit Danny Wright (Kinnear). <br /> <br /> Danny is a down-on-his-luck family man who is on the verge of losing a great deal of business that could turn things into him. He loves his wife dearly, especially because they lost their young son a few years earlier. Both men are chalk and cheese, hardly any common ground except they are in the same desert bar one night. And in some way there will be an interview that will attract a series of events that will change their lives forever. The friendships she made reminded me of a lot of Laurel and Hardy. One is a direct man and the other is a persistent fool who gets them into trouble. This interplay is greatly timed and finely tuned, an insignificant part of great performances by Brosnan and Kinnear. But do not make a mistake ... This is Brosnan's movie. It records one of the most memorable and contemptuous characters of the decade. He could have shot your mother and immediately apologize, and you would probably forgive him. Brosnan can be a perfect friend in the cinema, but it's his most cute and full performance. I would not want him to see that Oscar nods for this role. Consider one scene where you obviously ugly the high school girl with the cleanest thoughts and tells the line: "All blushing blushy ... No fucks fucky." He does this with the familiar Bond smirk and can get away with him. He could tell the young boy, "Tell your mother to lose 30 pounds and 20 years, and then come back to me," without appearing as uncontrollable. In fact, it does even more. And yet we can surprise some really touching scenes, most of them coming to the end when the film takes over unpredictable turns. However, when Julian, through his little black book, discovers someone calling for his birthday, or when Danny and his wife (Davis) are joining each other in the bedroom one night, the film reaches an unexpected depth of emotion. <br /> <br /> "Matador" is stylish and energetic. It's always fun. And it includes a career for Brosnan as a lonely person who seeks normality, friendship and a way of doing at least one good thing in life. This is an overlooked jewel in 2005 and you should try to see this movie as soon as possible. <br /> <br /> TC Candler from IndependentCritics.com
