Hugely fun for both adults and children, this movie works on many levels: it's all from car crashes and cakes in the face to very good (though fine) jokes for adults. <br /> <br /> Glenn Close is the most beautiful evil of hers as Cruella (`call me Ella ') De Ville. After three years in Dr. Pavlov's treatment for clinic modification is healed by the desire for fur? even the furry dress she so intensely demanded. She even has all the fur coats that are located in the prison of the extraordinary castle he lives in. But that would not be a "Dalmatian" movie without the cover and machinations of Cruella and you know something will change her behavior. And now he needs one more puppy (102 Dalmatians) to finish his shameful plan in this round. Ioan Gruffudd is immediately appealing as a film hero who runs a haven for the second-chance dog. Though he was in "Titanic" and last year's television version (like Pip) "Big Expectations" I did not recognize him; Well, it was the Fifth Officer of Lowe in Titanic, and I did not see "great expectations," so I'm not really surprised. Gerard Depardieu makes a wonderful turn as a pawn of Cruella. Is it based on the most beautiful and boldest furry clothes you've ever seen? and doing it well. His tribute to Wicked Witch of the West is cheerful. Tim McInnerny is a great Cruel's not-so-bad henchman? he was also Alonzo, 'Cruella is a valet in' 101 Dalmatians' and you can also recognize him from all 'Black Adder' Brit-Coms. He plays his usual slow, good heart, somewhat confused-character character to a great effect. Oscar for costumes are usually given for the costume in the movie. Is it unfortunate because the clothes wearing Glenn Close is amazing? is incredibly detailed (take note of her bonds when released from a clinic for modifying behavior) and worthy of such an above-average character. Her apparel deserves at least an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> Animation has a special place in my heart? but comparing this film with the original animated film is a comparison of apples with orangutans: this is not possible. Suffice it to say that the "Dalmatian 102" is even better than the "Dalmatian 101" movie version that came out in 1996. There is plenty of gag, dialogue and casting costumes - it's a good movie for the whole family.
