At first glance, this film looks like the Keifer Sutherland 24 series for a big screen. Focusing on the plot of assassination of the President of the United States, the race against time and a lot of secret service agents, the agency under the reflector at The Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist turns to be Michael Douglas's character Pete Garrison instead of a veteran secret service agent known for taking a bullet for Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to "take the bullet", which is what makes them special - Who on the right mind will get into line bullets and targets? Garrison, however, gets into a plot of assassination and has to run all his life while doing his conspiracy test. All because of his failure in a polygraphic test, due to his adulteration of the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood's in the fire. Both represented an aging actor and an aging veteran - they were heroes with a bit of historical reference who took the bullet into their respective paths. While Eastwood's movie has a much more mysterious villain in John Malkovic, Sentinel suffered from a lack of a central strong villain, rather he shared responsibility for murdering many of the unnecessary ex-KGB villains and marsh in the presidential detail. With Douglas on his way out of law, he will be similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, who hunts a proverbial single man while relying on the fact that his mind overcomes other co-workers, which proved to be quite interesting to watch - despite the neat processes, is still decreasing to the performance and credibility of individual agents. Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the top television stars of 24 and Desperate Housewives, will be in the role of secret service investigators who look at Garrison's likely involvement in the assassination plot, and sometimes they seem to have escaped from the CSI site with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had a chemistry that could be reminded of Fox Mulder and Dana Scully from X-Files', but unfortunately there was not much to do here. We know why they are in the movie, and it is to get their fans to the theaters. Longoria also seemed to be unable to take off her sexy mamu Gabrielle, and she has it in relatively low cut blouses (Sutherland actually tells her to hide) and tight trousers (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> <br /> Still, it's still a pretty interesting look at the lives of the most heavily loaded and strained protection details in the world and the typical threats they face every day, including the fact that every threat has been made to the life of the most powerful person in the world. It's a decent distraction and investigation thriller that has plenty of subtext to entertain you. But one thing, but like most of the end action sequences, it's got enough space for you to fly a jumbo jet.
