What if the GI platoon of the Japanese Army were sent back in 400 years right in the midst of the feudal wars that led to the Tokugawa Shogunate? Great playground right? The film does exactly what she says on the can. Fortunately, the writers did not bother to explain, usually ridiculous in science fiction movies, scientific mumbo jumbo time transport. No how and why. They just did. However, the time transport sequence itself is trippy like hell and quite beautiful, if not a bit late. It's not as silly as it could be imagined. The rest of the film is a prerequisite for T. But while losing some steam with different subplots that follow GI's arrival in medieval Japan, it rises with a devastating battle. Undoubtedly, it's the main order of the day. The whole concept and the film itself was probably the result of this simple playground: What if the GI equipped the latest modern wars to fight the samurai? And the boy will deliver. The main combat sequence, which lasts more than half an hour, is probably one of the best of its kind in 70 action / war films. Not only is it an inexorable and exhausting pace and length, it's also an amazing mish-mash of styles and techniques that only unique spaces like G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean where else would you get the opportunity to equip tanks, ninjas complete with shuriikens, helicopter and samurai in the same shot? G.I. the platoon under the command of Lieutenant Only literally goes through hundreds of accessories and shoots them with machine guns, mortars, grenades and tanks. This mish-style slice is one foot firmly rooted in Kurosawa Kagemusha's epic Jidaaige, or Hiroshi Inagaki's Samurai Banners while the other is in Western action and war films. There are stylistic touches (such as gorgeous slow shots and bloody violence) thought by Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari circa Keoma. The Japanese cinema has always been influenced by western and other Hollywood works, and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai effortlessly transforms this factory into an Eastern encounter with the West into an exciting film. Fortunately, the filmmakers take the matter seriously and the film has a great advantage. Not that the mentality of the tongue in the head is totally absent, it's just that it does not try to keep it so bad - it is - a good audience laughing at their movies. The budget was probably hard, as is evident from hundreds of supplements, sophisticated costumes (very decent for production that is not traditional jidai-geki) and special effects. Camera work and editing are top-notch, almost better than a movie without higher artistic ambitions. <br /> <br /> Of course it is not without errors. There are a lot of "songs" scenes where more than 70 kinds of Japanese rock, disco and country songs are played (this is a scene of a bond, love-interest scene, "war is hell", etc.). The songs themselves are pretty and brown and destroy it all. Though this watch at the swamp 140 minutes, it flies like a bullet for most. Some scenes, flashbacks and subplots in the first half of the game could be trimmed for a stricter effect. Cast also deserves a mention of such prominent names as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watas (The Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all hit the right notes.
