The author, Nekromantik, the second feature film "Der Todesking", Jörg Buttgereit, is a powerful piece of work. It is placed around a chain letter originating from the group called "The Brotherhood of the 7th Day", the film shows 7 episodes, each of which consists of one day during one week when suicide addresses different characters and situations all the time, that is the round. Do not touch this if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even "normal" movies, or expect the movie to be good only if it's focused on scenic acting. The non-Nihilist, avant-garde approach Der Todesking well explains why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in Germany, their native country of origin, in the 1980s and most of the 1990s. Der Todesking does not really focus on the characters that appear on the screen, but insignificant apathy or depression usually lives in most people. Buttgereit can not find reasons for life, just reasons for stopping and when choosing how and when you die, you can also be the King of Death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit's movies are generally difficult categorization and Der Todesking is no exception. With the introduction of the same crew and nearly the same occupation as all his other films, the "artistic film" would probably be the closest description. Der Todesking has an original method of shooting, creating mood and controlling the central object in almost every scene. During one scene, the camera slowly rotates continuously in a 360 degree circle, while a person lives in a small single-person apartment for one day. During the next period, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to portray the collapse of man's mental state as he dwells in despair. During the third season, the seemingly pleasant names of the scenes, ages and occupations of real people who have committed suicide appear to appear on the screen, which allegedly guarantees a ban in Germany for this particular film. Episode films (especially one, because the scenes are only vaguely linked) generally suffer from incoherence and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus due to death and are consequences or subsequences in all its variations, there are very strong episodes, yet an episode or two might even look like filler material, partially draining the overall strength of the film - even a falling jaw, breaks displaying the split body could keep the film together and clear it from its unclear moments to the state of grandeur. The general atmosphere is surprising, respect-inspiring, very depressing and sometimes nasty - to the point where dozens of people left in the middle of the film during a theater performance at a film festival I attended. <br /> <br /> It is a movie that leaves a lasting impression, and I strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a special experience and something to remember in the coming years. Not recommended for fans of hearts or fans, it is a small, different film that really enhances the feelings of the audience. Whether it is confusion, surprise, or even hate, it is unlikely to leave it cold, in my opinion, the best of this small Indian crew. The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer Part I-III", was released in a limited edition of 666 8-vinyl edition, which is now much sought after.You can get a classic masterpiece by earning the "The Nekromantik" soundtrack CD, Fi in the movie is dark and strange, almost bad, forming an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and it's something that you would very rarely hear otherwise.
