"As the first touch of pleasure and guilt, as a spontaneous youthful flirting of fascination and fear as the culmination of opposing emotions," one of the movie fans said after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, a poorly rendered title version of stylish director Michel Devil LE MOUTON ENRAGE. Vincent Canby in the New York Times, however, right after the premiere of the 1974 film, said: "LOVE AT THE TOP, which opened yesterday at 68 Street Street, is a 1973 French comedy, the 1950s comedy about ascension and rise cynical young men who have and have ambitions. "Yet, a significant difference he has made is that LOVE AT THE TOP does not concern the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> After evaluating individual individuals, of course, the test of time has done its fair work. What can be said for sure after more than 30 years is that we barely find such films as LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where decadence seems to be innocent, where the joints seem to be young enthusiastic where there is a sense of manipulation. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romney Schneider, it seems unnecessary to emphasize that this film must be seen not only because it gives a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) at the time of its flourishing career (9 years before her sudden death), but because it is particularly attractive here. This is not TRIO INFERNAL, where the so-called "forced escape" and mockery of Romy's sweet image haunted the saccharin Sissi meets his most disloyal speech but a film in which the brilliant actress is entrusted with a fair role. He plays Robert, the woman who becomes the subject of the lust of the story, the playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It's the one who gets financial gains from greedy contacts. This movie boasts truly unforgettable and unique snapshots of Roma and gets some of the best scenes. Roma is a sexual appeal here is unforgettable. Another strong point of the film is its realization of content with the development of individual perception. Immoral, as it may seem, the director makes perfect use of contrast: pleasure, innocence vs. decadence, true lust and instrumental affair. Nicola owns most of the features that viewers may want or anger, may be attractive or disgusting; yet its features, which viewers have to treat seriously, more are the ones that we all have to accept. That is why one is led into a special, slightly wild, erotic world of the main character. Although sleeping with a lot of women, there are two women who represent Nicole as a counter-world: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, he loves them, he can not stay away from the desire for his bodies and the desire for money; yet he feels otherwise. Yet, despite all of these "mature adults", he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy on the table - a sort of "detailed insight into the male mind ..." in a comedy course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good performances, which is slightly underestimated from LE MOUTON ENRAGE. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider do a great job that gives viewers an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin is convincing in the role of the young, inexperienced Marie Paula follower, Jean Louis Trintignant, allowing Nicole to see the right path. This artistic merit that takes place in performances comes with the amazing music of Camille Saint-Saëns, a melody that will ring long in your ears. Therefore, in addition to some film deficiencies such as dated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (some viewers have noticed), merit should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in summary, is a clear manifestation of opposing manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in the career of Roma, a prelude to strong eroticism, a series of opposing emotions, love and hatred, awards and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first angas ... But we are not people, spectators, film enthusiasts built on of such contrasts?
