I can not say too much about California, because I was sadly still seeing the whole thing (I just managed to see it in Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his earlier movies are good. But this role, I just, his acting is great, his character seems so normal, well, scary, dark weird, but you know normal for hillbilly of this type. And the performance of Juliet Lewis, though I see how somebody can get angry, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but reading other reviews is good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I wish David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling is wrong) was a bit flat, but it was okay for him. The character of his wife was better and I thought her performance, though not the best in the movie, is quite good, the portrait of the avant-garde / older sister type. Especially the scene where Early and Brian are playing, and Adele and Carrie are together. I've been watching the scene at least twice, and I still think the acting is just great. One for the emotions Adele tells after talking about the three men being raped and how she feels in response to Early and Carrie. All I think is just so perfect. Maybe it's because I can concentrate a bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays a serial killer that we will really look at once; I thought it was great. Some Pitt movies I've seen were just average, or they do not want to see it. I do not think I've ever seen the horrible movie Pitt, or if it's not because of his actions, they're other factors. This film was not one of them. He showed great performance in California. I swear I'm not just accidental that I like it because it acts not only because it looks good, I mean, its character in this movie is not exactly cute or cute in any way! Pitt is dark, indignant and sometimes scary. Still, he is also cheerful, fun, lovable and even loving to Adele. They made me get some places that wanted to get me over the TV and strangle them but that's probably me (and the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how good Pitt acting was in this movie that I was he forgot that he played a figure, that's what to do good. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I've seen most of the movie over what I caught on Fuse and like me , m writes that I'm recording on a DVR, so hopefully I can write a more detailed review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was something really great and something that seemed to be overlooked (it should not!)
