I have seen California before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember that I was very impressed. That's why I wanted to see it again and the only thing I can say is that it still does not lose its strength, even though I'm used to much more about movies than I was a decade ago. > <br /> "California" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of stepping on a plane and flying to a state where they say it never sleeps, they decide to drive by car. He wants to write a book about the most famous American murder murderers and makes the right photos. But because their car employs a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another pair to break the cost of their journey. Only one pair answered the add-on, so they will be automatically happy. But they did not meet each other, and when they first saw the other couple when their journey had begun, Carrie was shocked. Without a taste to be prejudiced, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are a bad white garbage trailer park. He certainly does not want them in his car, but Brian does not mind taking them, deciding to stop them and pick them up. First, it seems that the couple is not that bad, but gradually Grayce starts to move from carefree hillbilly to murderous killer ... Not only is the story very impressive, negotiations from our four leaders. Brad Pitt is incredible as Early Grayce. His performance in this movie may be his best in life. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays a childish and naive girlfriend who does not want to hear a bad word about her early and really good. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a very good job, and I really wonder why we've never heard anything from Forbes from this movie because it really proves to have a lot of talent. Overall, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very strong story, but due to graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be the taste of everyone (though I really do not see another way of imagining the serial killer in a credible way). Personally, I really liked this movie and violence never bothered me (it's part of a story that's too important to be omitted). I will reward this film for 8/10.
