In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular with critics because of its excessive violence, but also I loved, California is a film that clearly enchants violence, but I like the final act. Something similar to Basketball's diaries first sparked on drugs, but it shows the bad side to the end of the movie, which is much worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic girlfriend, who is usually reserved for this violent, sexy black and white photo, I do not know where, where nudity passes through art. Maybe it really does, and I just do not get it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit perfectly into the role) make the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of the famous murders. Brian, the writer, will write a book, Carrie can take pictures. As they are artistic, Brian and Carrie are not sufficiently financially prepared for such a trip, so they are sharing advertising for someone sharing gas and travel expenses, and Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis) are contacted. Soon, he is subordinated and assigned to a constitutional work at a local university with his devoted officer, sees an advertisement on a notice board and decides to stand for a moment to leave the state, violates his punishment, but also leaves the scene of his murderer to his landlord so that they will not have to deal with the investigation of annoying murder . Two birds with one stone, you know. The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, artistic yuppies and greasy waste baskets without resorting to clichés or even ending with cartoons of both types. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie resorts to Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early's status as an outlaw, as seen in the scene where Brian shoots Early's weapon. He had never shot a gun before, he was just as fascinated as a little kid. While Adele and Carrie are in the hotel, Adele reveals such things in a childlike spirit as Early "breaks her" smoking and does not have to drink her (Early thinks that women should not), Early and Brian are out in the local bar . Brian responds nervously to the drunken man trying to fight him, and Early first advises Brian about what to do, then goes in and prepares for a quick lesson for that guy. "Blow it up, Brie, it goes." This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny that Early joyfully tells when friends pull away, blood and beating, but also because because it's with the girls back in the hotel, we learn much more at a time about the two pairs, their differences, and the conflicts that might come from them. Besides, because Brian benefited from Early events, and Carrie is horrified by what she heard from Adel, it also shows how Carrie and Brian respond to Early and Adel. Obviously, you can say that this is not a typical type of strange pair of thrillers, where urban people come across country folk and evoke all sorts of stereotypical chaos. On the one hand, it seems a bit convenient for Brian and Carrie to go to the murder camps and eventually be accompanied by a living killer, but on the other hand, it's a great way to refute the murder celebration that is inherent in a cross-country trip to bring glory to the murderers and their crimes. When Brian and Carrie learn about past murderers' activities, they will eventually find themselves face to face with the material they are studying, and they realize that murder is not so pretty or morbidly fascinating when it's in your face because it's through disconnected homicide studies past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly surprised by the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his role in films such as California, 12 Monkeys, Battle Club and Oceans 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in that he can change his look drastically or just to fit into that character and is entirely believable. By the way, this year I tried to become a Halloween morning grace, but I just could not get hair and beard right. I even got my hat right, which I thought it would be the hardest. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people did not like California or why they think he celebrates violence and murder, but I think whatever he celebrates is done to clarify the subject's understanding of the subject. A film that has weakened violence, at least initially, would never be as effective as California, but the film is perfect. Celebrating is embodied in the stunning of Brian and Carrie with the idea of ​​murder and aura of places where it happened, but their realization and ours are embedded in the real thing they meet with Early and Adel. The aim of the film is to describe the differences between the idealization of violence and its horror as it approaches and really.
