It's a road movie with a killer on board. Brian Kessler (sculptural writer David Duchovny) wants to make a field investigation of American serial killers. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), have the money to tour the places of murder, so they're promoting someone to share travel expenses. Whoever ends up is a young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele (Juliette Lewis), two better examples of "bad white waste" that you will never find in the whole cinema. <br /> <br /> Indeed, Early and Adele are what make this movie so funny because they are blabbing, flirting, entrusting, having to speculate, tear and otherwise behave the way I did not see from the beginning "The Beverly Hillbillies ". The premature thought in California: "People think faster, because of the warm weather, the cold weather makes people stupid." It suffices to convince Adele: "I think it explains why there are so many stupid people here." And he responds proudly: "He certainly does." Soon, he continues to instruct Adele about California: "You never have to buy any fruit, because it's all on the trees ... and they have no limits of speed and I hear the first month is free rent, state law." But poor Early has some, well, mental problems that are becoming more and more obvious to Brian and Carrie when four passengers continue west across the United States. As soon as they enter the southwestern desert, with a beautifully landscaped landscape, California begins to look more like "The Hitcher" (1986), and Early begins to act more and more like John Ryder, every maniacal hitchhiker whose fear seemed so clumsy. "California", acting is uneven. The Spiritual Power is flat. Brad Pitt is surprisingly effective, despite occasional surprises. Michelle Forbes is a great avant-garde photographer. But my choice for best performance goes to Juliette Lewis. With his nasal voice and heavy, far-reaching accent, he is amazing as a naive, highly animated, childlike, like Adele. Finally, the movie captures the Twilight Zone feeling how our passengers enter a nuclear test site in Nevada with a collapsed old house full of test dummies. The conspiracy is slowing down to unnecessary and absurd violence, which was somewhat disappointing. Overall, however, "California" is an entertaining film, thanks to a smart concept, great scenery, especially in the area of ​​the second half, good cinematography, great dialogue and wonderful performance by Juliette Lewis.
