Although I am grateful for this hidden jewel of the 70th Italian Cinema Exploitation in the recently released Grindhouse Experience and although it's also available on the disk under the misleading and silly alternative name "Escape From Death Row," I honestly think it deserves the right and luxurious DVD editions, entirely in their original spoken languages ​​with subtitle capabilities (dabing really terrible), restored image quality and a truck with special bonus features! Heck, I do not need even the restored image quality and bonus features if we could watch the movie in the original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a funny and fast mafia / crime film with a lot of violence, comedy (which of course does not always work), female beauty and two funny characters. Tony Lo Bianco is amazing as a little robber pretending to be the biggest Don in the city. When a real criminal, Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in town, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores a little cheater, but eventually creates an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him, and a new French criminal even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and leads to Marseille together to get Frankie's revenge. The scenario of this sadly neglected crime sadly changes the sad action and strain with light comedies, such as a grotesque car chases a narrow French mountain road. Building on the typical sequences of Mafioso execution (led by Riz Ortolani's excellent score) are extremely tense and real killings are sadistic and ruthless, which is probably why the film is considered a somewhat classic grindhouse. The film lacks a strong female will, because the beautiful and wonderfully sensual beauty of Edwige Fenech unfortunately appears in several scenes and then in the background. There was not even Joe D'Amato among the camera men responsible for excellent cinematography. A great movie that is highly recommended to fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to return to the original version soon.
