I have never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde segment in recent years Tokyo, and his was easy to excel three movie films. It was not my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and the most famous. "Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of his feature features I've seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses painting and music to communicate a lush, young love that overflows into poetics. Although considered to be neo-nouvelle fashion, his films are grateful to silent film as the 60th experimental narrative. His films are closer to Jean Vig in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin than Godard and Truffaut. In the debut, Boy Meets Girl Carax in 1984 uses black and white reliance on a visual representation depicting emotional states. It combines the exaggerated worlds of Madden but comes from a reality that never seems as stable as Cocteau, but thanks to its expressions it becomes more accessible, more emotional and fun than Vig's films. Boy of Meets Girl is simple and similar to the two Carax films that make up this trilogy "Young Lovers". The boy named Alex played Denis Lavant (who plays the figure named Alex in Carax's two other films), just driven out by his girlfriend who fell in love with her best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on the promenade, but stops murdering. He walked around her, reminding her of the sounds of his neighbors who had gotten confidential with the sex and crazy stories of his girlfriend and best friend. He steals records for her and leaves them in her friend's apartment, but avoids contacting one of them directly. She wanders and finds her way to a party where she meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of "Breathless" and part of "Limelight". Later he is recommended to an old man with a sign language that "speaks to himself ... today's young people It's as if they forget how to talk." The old man gives anecdote about working in silent movies, and how an actor who has gone crazy becomes a "left" in front of the camera. Where the film approaches his hand, but the clear reference to silent film is a crucial scene because it overlaps the style of the film (silent and expressionist) with content (a nice young man trying to invent the courage to say and do what he really wants). Though Alex is thoughtful at first, and at the end of it, the romantic word that is reflected from him is disinterested, he is a shy actor who becomes a lion by the film magnification of his inner feelings, which he does not find from moment to moment, except for the desire to fall in love. In the movie is the scene in which Alex steps out of the room where guests have stolen their children and children, all crying in the chorus that fills the room until it switches on the children's parade tape and disappears. Unexpectedly, due to a TV fault, the camera of the secret camera closes, revealing the hostess to sob herself in her wig for someone missing. Even though Carax is self-reflexive and refuses himself, a story of the frantic arrival of the age he is trying to say (a room full of shrieking babies) is mature enough to see through the initial irony of his beloved in the film's cross. Even the rich old bell of the ball has a brother that is missing. In another scene, the ex astronaut stares at the moon he once had in his youth while drinking the cocktail in silence. Although he is indebted to the film before the performance, Carax is a music master, he knew when he would sink in dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" or soon David Bowie's song, the sounds of a man playing a piano, or the girls gently buzzing. Boy meets a girl when someone gets their broken hearts we see they scream out of a shirt when a couple of kisses on the pavement rotate 360 ​​degrees as if they were attached to a carousel when Alex enters the party and feels out of place because it are the most interesting people in the world; as well as a famous author who can not talk about the bullet stored in his brain, or the Miss Universe of 1950 standing directly opposite the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic flourishes and weird stories, all have a parallel with various visual, musical and emotional stimuli in these Carax films. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Each dialogue line, every music and every effect and adaptation in this movie resonated with me at some emotional level, some of my words lacking articulation. There are many stories about a boy who meets a girl, but rather than just explore the banal details of a particular case, this film captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment. Other movies you want to watch can wait. First, read it. If I wanted to make movies, I'd like to be like this, in fact, I wish all the movies were like ephemeral becomes bigger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
