Put Carly in your shoes. It is a redrawn, unexpected administrative demon that is invisible. You know her: she trained three of her last three bosses, knows where all the bodies are buried and maybe they look at you in the mirror when you tear your teeth. He always has time for another ungrateful job, and he does better than most, despite a serious disability, has a desk on his way to the toilet, which becomes the shelter of half-empty cups of coffee that spreads. What? Do not you want to hear that? Well, you can not and can not even until your hearing aid is in place. Prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in life. Work is going nowhere; friends rely on her to meet their home needs and the only way out begins with a collapse that is not going to happen at all. It will not be allowed - the contract will be critical - so the only option is to hire an assistant. Carla presents requirements that express her real needs: a "well-groomed" man. This brings the applicant for approval, which reminds us that we should be careful with our wishes. Paul (Vincent Cassell) is doing everything wrong from the beginning of his job interview, and his acquisition clearly demonstrates Carl's interest in his quality, unrelated to work. He sees the potential in this former thief and, as the story unfolds, their relationship develops in a very unusual pattern of addiction. <br /> <br /> Paul has a difficult transition that returns to the world outside the prison walls and is in another prison: one of the office varieties and the other detached slavery to repay the old debt. His skills as thieves help Carl battle a political battle in the office. But Paul sees a great opportunity with Carla's lip reading skills and pulls her even more into the world of intrigues. This is a brutal noir movie without evaluation and probably suitable for older teens. Carla develops more strongly, professionally and personally, as the story progresses and her disability gives her clear benefits over others. They grow up as a woman discovering her sensual side while she uses her means to overcome the obstacles of competing in the human world. The two main characters are strange to each other. Without Paul, Carla will remain as a mat. He has our sympathy, hope and best wishes, even if he does not make the best decisions on his way. <br /> <br /> You hear the world through Carly's ears, from your clumsy adjustments to your hearing aid, muted sounds, all but disobedient, without it being relatively different voices when you see who is talking. With one great sensory disability, we see Carl's increased intuitive ability to compensate. And we can all use that sense to hear not only what people say, but also what they really mean.
