WWE has created some of the worst payouts for the past few years in its history. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series, and December to Dismember were a little awful and they said the smallest, so she relied on her show B, Smackdown! try to end the year for a high note. Armageddon had two main tricks in Last Ride and Inferno, three championships were on the track and an interesting major event in the Batista tag team and John Price against King Booker and Finlay. But it was a compliment to one of the championship matches that brought us not only a night match but also a year-long match when Teddy Long gave our fans a morning Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the match of WWE Tag Team Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to four team charts, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> The match too much, like nothing I can say that would do it fairly. It must be seen. There were many high places and much more brutal bumps and unpleasant landings. The only step I have to talk about was the one who took Joey Mercury directly into the alert during the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped to the ladder, which was placed in a visible position by the saw, and Matt Hardy held both MNM members across the other end to make full power. Unfortunately Mercury did not fall out of his hands to protect his face and took a ladder full of strength into his nose and left eye. It was bad. His face was immediately a mess for everyone to see and it was no surprise that it ended Merkurin early in the evening. We found that he later suffered a broken nose and sliced ​​under his left eye. Be warned. This is not for the weak heart. The end of this race roller coaster came after Paul London managed to grab both championship bands for the victory. I have been looking at the match for almost 15 years and it is no better than this match. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> At night, only the 4th Inferno game was opened. Kane took over the MVP in a good match, but it was all visual and not really action. There were several close calls with flames for both racers, but in the end it was Kane, who forced the MVP to flames after they both ended out of the circle. The MVP ran around the ring while his butt was in the flames and there was a sick part of me who laughed at watching this. I can suggest to Michael Hayes that the MVP went out to Smackdown next week! the second fire of the night and the second match of the three-year main tournament was the feature-length Last Ride between Mr. Kennedy and Undertaker. It was a startled game from the start to the end, and it was the best of the Undertaker and Kennedy series. Using the pillars, chairs and one scene, The Undertaker threw 15 meters from Armageddon, which was supposed to stand up to what is supposed to be a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that it was nothing but a crash, and the crowd did not take part in it. The end came after the Kennedy helm of the dead man was at the top of the stroller, which quickly followed the tombstone. Another remarkable thing on the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero in another stiff match. It was a very good thing when Benoit came across Chavo with 8 German proponents. Benoit also considered whether Vikki Guerrero was a sharpshooter or not. Luckily he came to his senses and let go. This led to Chavo attempting to jump just to be attacked by a sniper. Another cracked match on the card was the Cruiserweight competition between WWE's longest-running champion, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With many high flying and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a much more deserving match response than what it had gained. JBL best explained it when boasting in this Richmond in Virginia because he was sitting in their hands, and even at one point he even started boring singing. Helms picked up the Duke after jawbreaker maneuver with knees on Smackdowns! residents of Redneck. <br /> <br /> Boogeyman pinned Miz in a worthless match. I hate The Boogeyman with passion. Just worth listening for JBL to argue about Miz. JBL is a comedy of gold. The last night's game was the main event number 3. World heavyweight champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Price, joined together to take Finlay and Champion of Champions, King Booker. It did not happen that the match could end up before the Tag Team Championship, but it was fun. The match would be unforgettable if it was allocated for another five to ten minutes, but the number of times I said that WWE is already struggling this year. It was King Booker who was credited at the end of the match after the big Batistabomb. So 2006 is the end of the WWE when it comes to paying for the plan. This year, he began a terrible remark with the New Year's Revolution, but finished high with Armageddon. This ladder will be long remembered as one of the biggest ladder matches of all time. My hat is gone to all eight competitors who have their body on the line and give fans a hell of a match.
