"Death Lends A Hand" is one of the key early episodes "Columbo" that helped define the show for another thirty years. It is the first of Robert Culp's four performances (three as a killer), which plays a very equal role in each show. In this case, Culp plays Brimmer, the head of a large private detective company, asking them to investigate whether the wife of the rich journalist, Mr Kennicut, has a matter. Though he is, Brimmer decides not to tell Kennicut in the hope that he can blackmail his wife in exchange for a snippet of information about her husband's business associates. He's reacting badly to this suggestion, an argument that quickly becomes violent when Brimmer walks over her face. Because he's wearing a big ring, the blow knocks her down and kills her. In this episode are really invaluable moments. One of my favorite scenes is where Columbo pretends to be on palm reading, though it's actually a glass to discover the shape and size of Brimmer's ring without admitting he knows the killer wore a ring. Columbo is Columbo, revealing what he really knows when it's time to turn a bit screws a bit. So, at first he foolishly plays the role of a fairly simple person, who is excited by a "bridge across the pier to the moon," or some kind of ridiculous palm reading mumbo-jumbo. <br /> <br /> Another great scene is when Brimmer tries to offer Columbo a job for his business and effectively bribes him to stop biting his nose. Columbo again does not reveal that he knows what is going on, pretending to be honored and excited by this offer. And another is where Columbo tells Kennicut in front of Brimmer that he wants the killer to hear their conversation. He wants Brimmer to point out that he is on him without blaming him, and therefore, rather cruelly (but understandable under the circumstances) he decides to play Brimmer games to scare him into panic and do something stupid. Which, of course, does! All the while Kennicut is not aware of the subtext of this conversation. It's just near the end when Columbo explains everything to Kennicut (not shown on the screen). I will not reveal how Columbo finally packs a killer for rights, but let's say it's potatoes. .. <br /> <br /> Really a really good episode, maybe the best of the first series. If you like it, then you'll also enjoy "Double Exposure," also with Robert Culp.
