This was the first regular episode of Columbo, but was second to Steven Spielberg's "Columbo: Murder by the Book". It's also one of the better! <br /> <br /> Bernard L. Kowalski was one of the great creative directors! No wonder they later asked him to direct another three Columbo films. The film has several real creative and innovative sequences and the film as a whole is also clearly made with style, passion and eyes for detail. Every shot joins and is why this movie is better and also looks better than any other average created for television. It's definitely one of the better-targeted Columbo films. <br /> <br /> It is to leave the original Columbo entrance for several reasons. Murder is more or less an accident and was impulsive. So the murderer does not have time to plan a "perfect murder" in advance, and to clean up all the traces afterwards and to destroy the body. The killer in this movie is not only a man who committed a crime, but rather a man who helps Lieutenant Columbo to resolve murder. It makes the characters more interesting and layered one too and helps to make the way Columbo solves the whole crime, looking more interesting also because of it. Of course, Columbo is beginning to suspect him from the beginning, and as always he gets to the solution by being vulnerable and looking foolish than it is, of course, and gaining the killer's trust. This is obviously no spoiler, because that's the way each Columbo movie sets. I liked the story about the movie and its sequence. It also helps a movie that has such a fine shot. At the time of this film, Peter Falk actually made Columbo's character his own and the figure in it was already fully developed. Robert Culp is really great as a short tempered Brimmer. Interestingly, it will later play in three different Columbo films and one episode of "Mrs. Columbo," in very different roles. He even played a killer in several such films. By the way, he was not the only actor who did so in other later Columbo films. Also great Ray Milland appears in this movie as a husband of the victim. In fact, it's really a great early film Columbo and among the best of a long series of films. <br /> <br /> 9/10
