OK. I admit. I'm one of the fools who have spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV series that watches sci-fi shows. Star Trek (the next generation) was my first space day, and since then I have regularly changed my partners. I've seen everything, it seems, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica," in other words: the youngest, most modern space opera. But I also have a general effort on the old, cheap, as well as the spectacular 40-year BBC show «Blakes7». Here are budgets smaller than hobbits, special effects seem to be made on Commodore 64, but who cares when scenarios are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, causing dead serious and sometimes high class? > <br /> But why does she always speak English in the future? Because it's not the future, it's fantasy for kids. Yet it can sometimes be irritating. I, being Norse, have often been terrified of the terrible fact that we never do genre series like Scorpio for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought it could happen. But that's one, and even in my own country, in Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (television theater section) of our national public service channel Nrk produced this three episode version of The Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). When I heard about it for the first time, I was not surprised by the fact that until this day the show in Norway was once tested, which makes it impossible for me to really see it. It was Swedish, Danish, and Finnish television at the time, but it was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, no surprise, and when it was projected on an art cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is something about the "Blindpassasjer," which I was not surprised to write two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo essentially depicted the genre SciFi for Norby in the 1970s; published anthologies and wrote what they call fable prose. In my opinion, he is the most interesting of two Bringsværd writers and wrote some great and entertaining novels, even a masterpiece, some of which are merry, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". Nobody other than this guy, also a respected playwright, could build a "Blindpassasjer" script. When I finally looked at it, it was because a strange Swedish friend who had recorded three episodes on a 80's videorecord eventually managed to convert it to DVD and give it to me. He was a nice guy. So I sat down and watched, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some sinking and mistakes; but the thing went through and I was surprised that I finally loved her. Outdoor scenes with spacecraft and planets are better than those in Blakes7 and go to Caprino (who made the famous Grand Prix Flåklypa) and the Marco Polo (spacecraft) interior works better than I expected. He plays mostly theatrical, but works better than when Ibsen plays, and Bjørn Floberg carries his role firmly, just like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan brings her lines in a serious and quiet tone that fits into this genre but it is a musical ensemble and I am glad that Ola B. Johannesen carries a mustache with a nobility, and Marit Østbye is really a hot room for my chic standards. But is that really good? Well, you have to swallow a somewhat sudden end, a demanding critique of "modern society," but yes, it's good, not really fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. One and a half hours of classical Norwegian SciFi.
