Sur mi lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a fine little thriller that also explores the lives of "outsiders," people living on the periphery of our vision who are struggling with the need to "fit in". Director Jacques Audiard and co-author Tonino Benacquista have created a tense, tense, totally entertaining little thriller that makes some significant statements about normal personalities and their humiliation. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is an ordinary Jane, predominantly deaf, thirty-something unseen secretary of society whose life is social and sexual isolation, and whose view of the future is somewhat gloomy. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), who was recently released ex-con parolee, who responds to the ad to be Carl's Assistant. The first encounter is physical repulsion: Carla hoped he would be well-groomed, a nice man who could fulfill his fantasies, and Paul is a rough and fearless guy who is not impressed to be an official. Their concepts are changing relatively quickly when Paul rescues Carl's job by filling out her request to steal a letter that would cost her work, and Paul discovers Carl's ability to read the lips he considers to be a way of plotting criminals who threaten his life for debt money. So this odd couple of the team joins forces and joins together the dangerous tense performance to gain Paul's security and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and seams of the seating with each of these unlikely characters that play a part in their lives that fill the dirt in their walls of isolation in a surprising way. Devos and Cassel deliver bravado performances and the rest of the cast is consistently strong. Alexandre Desplat again produced a musical score that increases the tension, and cameraman Mathieu Vadepied finds the right lighting and angles to design worlds of character isolation and also a hitchcock feeling of tension. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is instantly sensitive and transforming for the story: it shows the difference between "hearing" the world with and without hearing aids and doing some powerful social remarks. It is a great film that stays in the ranks of the best genres of French film noir. Recommended. Grady Harp
