All of you who are desperately looking for emptiness and weakness of the last productions of Disney Studios, comes something that should heal your wounds ... After all, Life Bug brings evidence that purely synthetic images, which lead a good script, provide more (see Lion King, Pocahontas and all the latest productions, where you regret that the magical background and atmosphere of Bambi are forever gone). <br /> <br /> Life Bug (1001 Pattes for his fellow French kinematky) succeeds in avoiding all the imperfections that make you wake up in the middle of the film and say, "Hey, this thing is a computer generated". No weakness, tremendous effort that shows its effectiveness in the background and the general appearance of the files, the amazing 3D bird (near perfection in imitation of reality) ... and that is just a mention of technical aspects. > <br /> The script, my friends, the true backbone of the movie, has some thickness! Curiously and of course thanks to Lasseter's team, there is virtually no music sequence in the life of error. Which means the story is long and rich enough to get rid of these 3 or 4 minutes that some children appreciate, but most others do not like (the same thing for parents or anime fans like me). This movie reminded me of a really old film featuring Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: 3 Amigos; (the entire Mexican village living in the fear of a few bad people hires the gunmen (who eventually turn to actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple but effective and brilliantly adapted colony of frightened ants who face the anger of an ominous insect. From Microcosm, many movies tell stories of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think Life of Bugs is the most fun and the best of all. The humanization process was perfectly achieved ... And the audience captivated the adventure of Flik (aka Tilt in France). Great thanks to the Lasseter team, especially in the last 30 seconds. .. it is so weird and also great to see the whole theater captured in laughter, while errors / actors forgetting their lines or strike the camera ... And finally, especially for those of you who have seen the French version, congratulations dabingovým other actors, who made great synchro on this movie. Bug life is really good fun and I think it will soon be part of my collection of videos (the privilege granted extremely few movies, and that's not a problem of storage room :). Go and see, that's the order.
