Pixar has been tremendously successful over the years with the CGI animated feature films they've created. "Bugs Life" was the second of many of the features they have done before, preceded by the debut of feature film, the pioneering film "Toy Story," which was the first feature film of CGI. I remember when this work was being promoted at the time of its release in the late nineties, but I never saw it until November 2006. I looked at it twice this month and three years later I saw it as a third time. He never played me like any other Pixar movie I've ever seen but after three views I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is the home of an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food for a group of locusts who arrive here every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation causing problems with his inventions, even if he does not want it. One year, when the colony just finished preparing an annual offer, Flik coincidentally knocks the stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! Grasshopper leader Hopper decides to give them a second chance to collect food and prepare them by the end of the season but they will have to double their offer! Flik suggests to the Royal Council of the Colony that he goes and finds "warfare" to fight grasshoppers when he returns. Princess Atta, the future queen, will allow him to continue this mission just in order to avoid problems while the colony tries to collect food for another offer. The inventor will find a group of mistakes he believes are warriors, but after taking them back to Ant Island and getting to know them, they find they are not actually warriors but circus bugs! why this second Pixar has never surprised me, can be characters. For me none of them ever looked the way they could, and in general, it looks a little bit dim. Fortunately, this is not like "Shark Tale," a movie with a very idiotic and vague leadership. "Bug's Life" has a sufficiently sympathetic main character that viewers can roam. The story seems somewhat insignificant, but for the most part it's good enough to make the film at least fun and sometimes have some good tension, especially later. Humor, as well as some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it may be, but there are definitely funny moments, some of which include Francis, a male lady who is sometimes mistaken for a woman. You can always expect great animation from Pixar, and animations in their particular efforts are no exception. With the whole movie, it can be a little disappointing about Pixar's standards, but it's a good family fun.
