Carla works for the developer, where she excels in being unattractive, unexpected and desperate. Her deaf. <br /> <br /> Her boss will offer to hire someone to ease her heavy workload, so she takes the opportunity to get some male company. The help comes in the form of Paul, the tattooed hoodlum fresh out of prison and clearly unsuitable for the routine of the office environment. Implicit sexual tensions develop between the two, and Carla is determined to keep it despite her unwillingness to take a working week. When Carla got out of an important contract negotiated by a slim colleague, she uses Paul's crime by paying back the contract. The colleague quickly realizes that it is a robbery, but when he meets her, Paul's readiness to prepare people on his face is all right - but that nasty love comes at a price. <br /> <br /> Pavel got some crowd fame as a reminder of unpaid debt. Develop a plan that uses the unique ability to read lips from Carl to get rid of the gang of violent bank robbers. Now Carla is on his way to enter a terrifying new world. Jacques Audiard's fourth feature "READ MY LIPS" begins as a thoroughly romantic drama between two marginalized defeats just to shift the speed to half with a sharp thriller where their symbiotic flaws turn them into a winner. The wires are excellent; effortlessly, she convinced us that this couple would really join. Carla's first encounter with Paul is a pleasant farce in which she tries to bypass her inexplicable faults and morals just to find that until recently she was a prisoner. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carl, has an almost exclusive ability to go from the dowdy to the beautiful and back to the frame. Vincent Cassel plays Paul as a corner dog, who really seems to be home when he gets beaten or is preparing to kill him. Just like many French movies, 'READ MY LIPS' first seems to be nothing special until you scratch the surface and find out that it's about everything. The only note is a cheater that concerns the missing wife of Paul's pastor; it looks like it's just designed to help master the story of the story into the neat little feeling it has managed to get. It was the French "new wave" of the 1960s that first introduced the concept of "genre "I've always felt that any medium is somewhat at risk when you have to use a marker system to help define it so it's always a pleasure to discover a movie that seems to overwhelm the genre or better still to resist.
