When I first watched Life Fool for the first time, I could not help, but I saw a comparison with last year's Happy Feet. As for the main story, they are very similar, the disenfranchised do what they can to fit in and also try to be strange. Just show how better a movie would be without its liberal conclusion. A lot of people do not agree with me when I say I really like Pixar's second effort. Surely it can not capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor do animations from this world. However, the story is top-notch and the characters are wonderful to spend time. Thanks to lots of laughter and the moral boot center, I could watch this as well as another classical studio. <br /> <br /> There's plenty to find strength inside to win here. Among our leaders, Flick, who need to preserve their self-confidence to save their colony, the colony needs to open its eyes to a new way of life for the future, and circus mistakes that find it more than just unruly party rage, all evolve into a better error by the end story. Even the villain Hopper is full and threatening for full reasons. He did not make him mean, but he understands the fact that ants exceed his 100 to 1. He needs them to be afraid to have to worry about finding the truth. It is a very circle of life, but not what can not develop with age. When you think about animation, it's really quite good. Compared to Antz, an opponent's film of the time, it's much more realistic and less cartoon. The water is nicely treated, just like leaves. You do not have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how many details have come into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth exterior, show realism. All errors are also very fine. Flies in the city and the crazy mix of creators who have been admitted to salvage ants never escape, whether it is a small role or a more developed one. It's also in the city that we see processing in environments. While Ant Island is pretty, it's just outside. City Bug contains lots of rubbish like buildings and clubs. It's a great example of humor and ingenuity to see what animators use for everything. From ice cubes like a circus is a box for animal boxes like a circus car complete with a complete nutrition handbook on the side and a mad box compilation for creating Times Square billboards and facades, everything is going well. /> <br /> <br /> As for much of the humor, you have to attribute the acting talent for a great delivery and an inspired role. No one could make a cheaper lady than Dennis Leary with his wrathful wrath. I will allow you to think of someone better. Our leadership is also great with Dave Foley as Flick and Julie Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta as well as fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steal a lot of scenes from the movie, but also during the middle of the opening sections in the mouth. Yes, Bug's Life was the originator of Pixar's animated outputs, a tradition that went on. With many jokes that occur in the head of the head, you also have to put props for a huge support cast. Full of "actors," they are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett, and late Joe Ranft as Heimlich, who brings the biggest laughter. Overall, this may be the simplest story for Pixar, which has been said in one form or at other times over the years, but is inspired enough and fresh enough to provide a pleasant experience. There are joyful moments, sad times, and even action packed scenes with the tension with the birds coming in to join the fun. Complete with some of my most popular Pixar, Tuck, and Roll characters, it's not too bad to think about it.
