I have recently watched many Tom Hanks and old Chaplin movies and even some early Bean performances by Rowan Atkinson, and they all seem to have their own unique charm that penetrates throughout their work, allowing them to identify listeners of all ages, and in a way that just feels good to you. Bug's Life has the same magic, it has a connection with real life, which allows us to easily break the mistrust and accept a lot of talking insects, because even when it speaks, it still acts like real mistakes. It is like a team that has found a way to bring us to the mind of a child and to allow us to think like them, to imagine mistakes as the young mind does. Honey, I Shrunk The kids were one of my favorite films when I was younger, and for me, Bug's life is like a more realistic version of this movie, just because the animation is so fascinating, and this style of narration only opens so many more people narration. I'm trying to compare this story to Toy Story (which I still consider to be the best computer animated movie) because the Bug Life story is not as good as Toy Story, but it's almost nothing. What's important is that it's still great fun. The story is about a colony of heavily working beetles who have an impressively developed company that mostly focuses on building a meal harvest, most of which will go to tyrant grasshoppers, tremendously superior strength and general stupidity, and hopefully still leaves enough leftovers to make mistakes got into the winter. We are struggling with some grasshopper visits that clearly show that if mistakes provide unsatisfactory amounts of food, the consequences will be terrible. And by the way, the similarities between this furious level of food extraction are strikingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's misconduct of food from his own people during the "Big Leap Forward?" Fun and excitement begins when Flik, ​​the main character, sets out to find a gang of appropriate warfare to come back and help defend the colony against grasshoppers. You see, he pours out all the food, and put everyone in great danger, so he feels it's his responsibility, but inadvertently ends up hitting a fighting group of insect circus artists. Great for viewers, not so great for clan security. <br /> <br /> The film was released back in the late 1990s, when it seemed that so many films were released in two, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and Coming, Life of Bug and Antz, etc. Comparison Bug's life and Antz is unavoidable, though I find it clear that Bug's Life is a far superior movie, not just because Woody Allen is not playing stuttering and ridicule in the lead. This is great family fun!
