Such a cheerful world was created for us in the life of Pixar A Bug's; we are immersed in a universe that can be documented only pleasantly in the film, but more precisely in the universe, which could only be documented through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what rich and exuberant animations can offer in the world? when it's in the right hand, which is it? Bug's Life is a warm reminder. We come out of a movie with the same warm feeling and a sense of satisfaction with the production of only high-quality films. <br /> <br /> It's just the second animated feature of Pixar. The Disney subgroup, three years before in 1995, introduced its fantastic debut and maybe a completely unintentional acquaintance with the movie, with its landmark Toy Story. It was a film that resisted the convention, invented again and breathed new life into animation and defined a whole new level of excellence. Now they are coming back with their other efforts, which we must be honest when we notice that we all creep cynicism before we saw the film. After all, it's a movie about ants. Well, all the walks of the insects and bug worlds are covered by the Life of Bug, but it is the ant that is the focal point of this film because people are the focal point of drama, romance, and so on. How can such an insignificant kind of animal, such as an ant, act as a hero of the film, let alone provide the whole premise of a feature film? Sure it is. We forget, however, that Toy Story was able to become the most beautiful, inspiring and loving group of animated heroes and villains ever created by Toy Story. The Pixar boys will be able to get the same performance and manage to turn a lot of dirty and minute mistakes into the most beautiful and glamorous gang of ravens you're likely to ever see. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all very friendly and sympathetic? eyes are not uncomfortable; even the villains are stinging signs? but they are colorful, eclectic and idiosyncratic. And a number of characters are also apparent due to the lack of a better term, which adds a rich layer of distinctiveness that has been drawn from the beginning into Bugu's life. We will begin with our main character and hero. His name is Flik (David Foley) and his character is rather general. Of the thousands of loyal and obedient ants living on the lush, beautiful Ant Island, it is the one that is considered the clan's "black sheep" as seen in the opening moments of the movie, when it inadvertently destroys the seasonal harvest of its problems. The problem is that ants harvesting is for many greedy grasshoppers led by Hopp (Kevin Spacey) who want to continue to promote their anger and autocracy among little ants; when they appear on anchor island for their annual banquet and see their offer gone, they are going crazy due to the lack of a better date. Hopper offers a proposal to save ants from total extinction on his package; but it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to accomplish. The teeth and movements in Flik's mind run completely above the steam, despite his guilt and shame, and offer him to leave the Ant island and look for some mighty warriors who could come to rescue the colony and fight against Hopper and the locusts. > <br /> If you think about it, Bug's Life carries some tough resemblance to the Akira Kurosawa's classic Seven Samurai plot or the American remake of The Magnificent Seven, in which the village of the unfortunate but benevolent people is threatened by malevolent and evil enemies? a lonely villager goes looking for help in a big city, finds it and returns to the colony to make evil. In Bug's Life, the help comes in the form of a circus ensemble that Flik mistakenly perceives as a warrior in the battle of the bar. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of fun in these scenes, and it comes from these circus ensembles. These include David Hyde Pierce, a side-splitting obese German caterpillar named Heimlich and a quasi femme fatale ladybird, who is actually a rough and male ladybird (Dennis Hopper). It's extremely nice watching these bugs on the screen because it looks at bugs and insects act on the screen as well as the whole movie collectively. <br /> <br /> As I said, many amusements and joy come from their characters and joyful interactions that retreat to the buzzing of cheerful lines, amazingly exciting and boring situations, and a dazzling overall movie. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the movie is not limited to children, as many can perceive it to be, although children would actually find more entertainment from this movie? Quiet children's situations are somewhat more abundant than we wish. However, it is easy to ignore this mistake and it is a distrustful use of this film. Although Bug's Life does not meet the glamorous and indicative standards set by its predecessor, it's still an excellent movie and the start of something promising. Pixar has demonstrated that they are not just a wild miracle, but a casual and talented group of Hollywood film artists. They lift the pole infinitely, and when someone can always deal with their standards, it's always alone. What more can be said about Bug life than: we'll see it; it's not exactly the best we've seen from people in Emeryville, California, but this beats out a lot of his year? and I'd be damn if it's not the best animated feature of 1998. 8.5 / 10
