(originally a response to a film reviewer who said Life of Fool was too, too fast - was visual "dazed and exhausted" and seemed to completely ignore the whole story) first, I'm 26 years old, I have a job, I go to school and I have fiancé. "So maybe I'm nuts and just really good when I hid it ... but not only did not leave Bug's life exhausted or dazed, it was not until I saw it the second time I could even start really appreciating the art and humor of the spectacular visual creation - because I first went to this film, I wrapped myself in the story and characters I prevented myself from sitting there, being "flooded" visually, how can you not feel with Flikam and life with good intentions? Damn "I actually found myself identifying that little ant (not to mention some other mistakes) much more than one ... and that in itself tells me about what an incredible movie is like the whole book about its beautiful Of course, it's beautiful (every sheet of grass, tree, rain ...) Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and tech, not just a brilliant explosion of motion and color. No, Bug's life would be static if it were all and no story. But I'm glad it's not! Bug's Life has a real heart. Yes, it's a lot of history as well as a visual one, but that's because the story and the characters have a real depth for them! Just because it's a kid's movie does not mean you have to shut down your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIXAR crew did it on their own, even before their children ... and it shows a lot of hearts. This movie moves, touches, is funny, interesting and generally breathtaking. The evolution of the character in such a cast is amazing, there is a considerable increase in character, and not only the main character - so rare in animation and often in movies in general. You do not get over your head without thinking as soon as it happens - every scene, every movie has a reason to act for it there, and there are no unreasonable shots. Not always when I say explicitly, exactly what is happening means for me, people, subtlety; that means you will not "dig" your movie and assume the audience is stupid, which is not usually the case. The only thing I think is that if you see the Life of Bug and you feel nothing at all, then you never had a big mistake, hurt your friends, had annoyance, fell in love, was frustrated that nobody could hear you, lied to someone you care about , he felt like social confusion, he was enthusiastic about the new idea, he came up with a great idea, he had what he thought was a great idea, he was uncomfortable, and he was certain another, felt pressure of responsibility, stood for himself and his close, himself against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt like a great success, felt the need to change his life in the life of others ... well, you get a point. Final words: rating A + from me; please if you can see it, try to see it in the theater (Mr. and Scan video will not work for this movie); if you loved Toy Story, you will most likely love it (PIXAR knows how to make movies with your heart); if you like it, you know it multiple times, or you still do not know what you are missing (a lot of details and fines are great here); and whenever you feel really little, just pretend it's a seed, okay?
