Although I do not think it was perfect 10, I agree that it is slightly more than 6, which is what is being evaluated here. No, the Brokedown palace was not perfect and yes, it's a story many times before. That does not mean it should not be done again if it did well and I think this movie had some strong moments. The game Claire Danes, as already mentioned, was flawless, just like Kate Beckinsell, and I thought Bill Pullman was absolutely awesome as well as supporting performances (Pullman's wife, crooked cop, skipping or tripping or what is his name). Cinematography was also beautifully shot, it was very good for this movie, even though there were some negatives (the three main ones I found). Also, what I did not like about it - girlfriendship - Girls' own individual personages - were not developed until deep in the middle of the picture. It would not be unlikely he would have lost interest before, because in spite of positive events another character should develop and a certain scene, as if the girls were originally arrested, were almost glossy, so there were a lot of jumps about without the character and the scene I would thought it would be suitable for this type of film. But that is not my main problem. A WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The end, as already mentioned, was AWFUL. It was terrible in two respects. First of all, although it would be predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and strong end, but in a movie like this, it makes sense that justice will serve and I sit down to see it. I was really shocked at the end and it was done with the outstanding all involved, but I feel that both girls should get out, or, barring it, at least the policeman should get what came to him. I mean, nothing happens. For the bad guys, they all got away. Very disturbing. I also do not understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand the ends that are inspired to think, but it was not the secrets or "Clue" movies we watched, and I would like to know something about what happened, who was guilty, etc., With this end, we were to decide for ourselves, but because I doubt it would be a sequel, I did not want to argue. <br /> <br /> Still, I liked the movie very much and the acting is definitely at the top of the list I would have this rating of 7.5 and said it was definitely worth a look.
