In the movie "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jonathan Kaplan, with two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school graduation by going to Hawaii but hearing that Bangkok has more fun. They went to plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents about a plan change. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice guy named Nick Park (Daniel Lapaine). He told them he would trade a first-class ticket to Hong Kong for three economic tickets to spend a weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted the offer and two were arrested for smuggling drugs after entering the airport. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. I think Kaplan is trying to show the audience that it's wise to make the right decisions, because in one case the wrong decision can change the direction of life forever. A friendly face does not have to be as good as we think when we find out the true intentions of this friendly face. The girls decided not to tell their parents that they changed their plans and changed their lives forever. Things have a fun way to show us what decision we made to decide what we should do. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make, because we can never come back and change what we have done. great setup; it was mostly shot in Bangkok Thailand. This movie also has great music; some of my favorite songs are "Silence" by Deleria, "Plum Damaged", "Deliver Me" by Sarah Bightman and "Party Just Beginning" by Nelly Furtado. I went out and after watching this movie I bought a soundtrack. These girls, where they are young and naive, did not help to think about their plans thoroughly, a mistake anyone could do, and that's why this movie is suitable for every audience. It does not matter whether they are young or old - we are all human and subject to mistakes. Even though I did not like how this movie ended when he questioned me - who actually smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
