We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there really are only one or two people with whom you feel really close, people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like this. You can see it from the beginning. They graduated together, went to a party and decided to go to Bangkok together to go to Hawaii. They also get an attempt to smuggle drugs into the Third World, and this will cause disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and does not give up hope. It also has a strong message about the strength of friendship and what it can mean to someone. Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it's not great, and it's because of a few questions I want to talk about. First of all, I want to say what's good about the movie. And for beginners, acting is the most important and you can not look for more than two. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always fiery and looks a bit harsh on the edges, but it seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes it can get into trouble. Darlene is always a little on the conservative side, and although it can sometimes irritate, it would be better for two girls to keep her way in place of Alice. Bill Pullman is adequate as an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. The inside of the prison without being the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return to Paradice, but it shows the necessary (but unconscious) hopelessness of the situation they are in. The direction of Johnathan Kaplan is quite good. We see how the two girls try to overcome every day, but you can see that their spirit is turned off a little more every day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. Another thing I have to comment on is a movie soundtrack. It enhances and complements the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when you play, you feel the situation of women in this jail. You feel how she must feel herself and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. And also that you look at yourself and realize how happy we are to live in the society we are doing. This is easy compared to some countries and we believe that music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this issue. Some music is performed by Delirium (I think), but it's Sara McLaughlin (bad spelling but how to pronounce her last name?) That the lyrics and her voice is beautiful and scary and adds so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not like about the movie was the stupidity that girls put on. I will not say what they are doing, but when you see it yourself, you know what I'm talking about. I also really did not feel that the jail they are in is so bad. It seemed more like a minimal security jail, and this may be because, when there are similar circumstances in other films that abuse men who make time in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not do it here. Overall, it's a great movie and really is asking you, "How far would you go for a friend?" This is a difficult question and maybe one that none of us could honestly answer until it gets into the same situation. We just hope it never ends.
