I saw this movie for millions of years (5 years to be exact) before the first time. In view of the recent incidents in which Australian woman Schapelle Corby was imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called Smuggler Bank, I decided to watch this film again. I excused the exception when I cried out because I'm a fool for hot girls in distress (just read my reviews about "watching Laurie Show"). Some wet ones stuck my eyes, but they were barely tear-filled buckets. Why? Not because these two heroes were not completely adored and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking when they saw that the two children in the front of their lively chateau were locked in almost inhumane conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I borrow such a movie, besides being moved, he sobbed as if he were not tomorrow, he felt miserable and liked. This movie was simply too short for it. Just as the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, the psychological aspect was thrown out. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did a great job to show the emotions of both friends, but this film just screamed for more shots of these girls in a depressing (and oppressive) environment. The travel route is missing for some reason. You see only its key moments (which are very touching, I admit), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I felt the girls were following the postcard. Relationship with family members could also benefit a little more attention. What happens to the relationship between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You record it, but the movie is not quite difficult. <br /> <br /> However, it was a great movie and at the end I even had to bite my lips a bit. But I think it has more to do with the acting skills (and appearance) of the actresses (and music), then with the director. To be honest, I barely knew who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! A great movie if you do not expect it to be a classic cinema.
