In the late 1800s in San Francisco, a poorly dressed Errol Flynn (like James J. Corbett) works in the bank, and likes to visit local "fighting" with co-worker and drinking friend Jack Carson (like Walter Lowrie). One day, Alexis Smith (like Victoria Ware) walks into Comstock Bank, where Mr. Flynn works. Flynn is so impressed with Miss Smith's elegant beauty, she offers her to take her wallet. Smith is secretly admitted with the handsome Flynn, but it is postponed by his roughness. Flynn's good deed (in fact, an attempt to pick him up) brings him a free membership in the snooty "Olympic Club", which comfortably includes a gym (with boxing equipment). However, Flynn's pretended way and practical jokes (they stick to the parallel bars) irritate members of the "club". When the English Boxing Champion visits the club, members try to get Flynn to fight against the men. I hope Flynn resigns, humiliated by defeat - but Flynn wins! <br /> <br /> The first producer Robert Buckner brings together a nice package for Warner Brothers and director Raoul Walsh. Mr. Buckner certainly deserved the success of his contribution (screenplay) to the brilliant "Yankee Doodle Dandy" in the studio. Unfortunately, this story is positively ridiculous. There was "Gentleman Jim" - this story is supposedly to shoot the real autobiography of James J. Corbett "The Roar of the Crowd" - but this film must be dramatically fictionalized. Flynn is a very attractive lead man; manages the script easily and should be recognized as an outstanding actor in the early 1940s. Many of Flynn's characteristics were (are?) Overlooked as great performances, and it is one of them. Smith takes equal interest in her feminine interest, which sends her emotions to her audience. Director Walsh makes stupidity looks smooth and extravagant. The supporting cast is a treasure, from noisy Alan Hale (like Pat Corbett) to Lon McCallister ("Paging Corbett"). ******** Gentleman Jim (1942) Raoul Walsh ~ Errol Flynn, Alexis Smith, Alan Hale
