James J. Corbett, world heavyweight champion from 1892 to 1897, has emerged as the favorite role of Errol Flynn. Maybe because he did not have a sword or be in the west. He was tired of fools, and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was wrong in the West, and could not understand why people liked it. It's a nice movie, but hardly tells the true story of James J. Corbett. As Corbett looked like the first scientific boxer to win the heavyweight division, the man who used the brains and faster than the brute force to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost a heavyweight crown with Bob Fitzsimmons. It was also a compulsive joke, and he was a lot like a man who showed him. Of course it was not shown on the screen. The character played by Alexis Smith, the banker's daughter who falls to him, has no basis in reality. Corbett was in fact twice married, and he was obviously unfaithful to both wives. Although after losing his title, and after the events of this film, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father, in a moment of depression, probably over financial means, having lost heavy bets to his son to defeat Bob Fitzsimmon, shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. Murder / suicide is difficult to divide with a funny clan chaired by Alan Hale. One thing, even though I liked Gentleman Jim. Ward Bond earned his career as a role play by playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh has won brilliant performance from Bond as a vicious but dear Sullivan. Even with some of Sullivan's bad points, which do not seem like racist racism on the screen, Bond's portrait is essential John L. and the best thing about Gentleman Jim. When we talk about racism, one thing that should be said that Sullivan, while the champion refused to meet on a race to meet Peter Jackson, who was black and from Australia and probably the best heavy weight of his time. I say this probably because Corbett has met him as a challenge and has fought for him after 61 rounds. The fight more than any other triggered the Sullivan-Corbett title. Of course, when Corbett was a champion, he refused to give Jackson a shot. Perhaps he did not want another 61 round of a marathon with someone who could be better on that day. Gentleman Jim is not the story of Jim Corbett, it's the film by Errol Flynn, starring James J Corbett. But Corbett was alive in 1942, no doubt he would have loved the film and loved Flynn's display of his life. It's as though he liked to remember.
