If you're looking for a definitive biography of James Corbett's life, then that's probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer gets his 40s "Hollywood" of his life - making the story much more fun and entertaining than real life. However, because the performances were so good (especially Errol Flynn) and the screenplay so sympathetic, movie decorations can be forgiven. Errol Flynn plays Gay Nineties-era boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett - a man who became the world champion boxer in 1892. The film is based on his rather humble beginnings and continues his career by winning the title fight against John L. Sullivan. However, while concentrating mainly on matches, most of them are rather short in the film (with the exception of the final title) and emphasis is placed on Corbett's harsh personality and his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the movie, great supporting work is played by great actors (such as a sustained supporting actor in Flynn Alan Hale's films), and writing really helped bring these people alive. it is especially nice that the film sees Flynn as a boxer. While some of the shots are doubled, almost all of the boxing scenes are from Flynn and he has done a compelling job as a pugilist. It was a nice break for Flynn, who generally played "pretty boys" roles or swashbucklers, and it shows how tough the character was. To learn more about this, try reading his resume - it was a pretty rough and fallen character before it came to Hollywood. As for REAL James Corbett, read, Do not be afraid to find out how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was not a poor man from a poor family, but he was college-educated and light. Secondly, while he gave Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Thirdly, the finale touching the final scene between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was a jerk and it never happened - in fact, Sullivan was an egomaniac and Corbett was not fat acting in the movie - although it made for the beautiful film.
