Flynn, known mostly because of his crazy role (and his writings in the bedroom!), This film shoots in a different way and works beautifully. A real boxing champion, Jim Corbett, Flynn turns around with a full-blown explosion when he sets out from a worried bankruptcy in San Francisco to a celebrated pugilist, and all the time, he's paying attention to deb Smith. He and the best friend of Carson attend an illegal fight with bare joints and are arrested along with many other men (and a dog!) Including a prominent referee. The next day he will have the opportunity, via Smith, to gain access to the private referee club. He takes this opportunity to get into the good graces of his exclusive members and land on the spot like a boxing club. His extraordinarily proficient skill in sports will soon make him accept all incoming to World Champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.). Flynn is absolutely magical here. He is the embodiment of spell, charisma and appeal in this role. It looks great (especially in hangover, hair on head and on white suit) and makes virtually all its own stuntwork (impressively!) Its delivery line is excellent and is trustworthy and compassionate and at the same time double and wicked. Smith radiates class and taste from every poison and is a good place for Flynn. At this stage, she needed a woman's prize that was able to succeed in progress and reputation (at the time she underwent legal rape), and it does so remarkably. She is discouraged by its freshness and cavalier attitude, but it hardly helps but fall under its magic spell. Bond is incredibly smart, tricky and tall, but little if the script requires it. Fun support is provided by young and exhausted Carson. Frawley is his reliably cantankerous I as a Flynn manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn's rugged family and the Nob Hill emptied assortment. The whole thing is beautifully named and safely directed. Several sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses are bordered on fools, but they are well suited to exciting hairstyles. It's an amazing sight to the first days of the boxing championship, but it's a lot more. Some of them (as Flynn characters) are upgraded or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but much of them are authentic (as well as methods and costumes displayed in battle scenes.) One line is particularly memorable: "I believe that I, but it is absolutely possible that I love you more than you love me. "It is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers sprinkled through the script as well.)
