Autobiography by James J. Corbett "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this lively and well-memorized fictional biography. The author was a heavyweight world champion who followed John L. Sullivan before the turn of the century. The events tell Corbett as a harsh but sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world in boxing and social prejudices at his time when he was considered the son of Irish immigrants was soon a bank and nobody surprised everyone. It took several hours of exciting and often entertaining screens to show that his competitors were bad. He is a banker when the film opens, but somehow invites an invitation to the sports club for what to do. She falls in love with a beautiful but snob girl who always seems to be fighting and living at home with a quarrel about Corbeths, who seems to be fighting each other as often as they do with others. When he defeats the best club and professional fighter neighborhood to please him, he eventually decides to become a glorious fight. is on the way with his friend who acts as a manager and trainer, and despite several unsuccessful strokes, he wins all the bouts and attracts attention. He comes home to chase his girls again, trying to mourn Boston Strongboy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and says he can "lick a man in the world." Few he thinks he can win the match against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim" for his love affairs and Patrician look, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range, and denying Sullivan's furious power. The best movie scene may come when he defeats Sullivan and kills Corbett. The new champion rises to an instant, telling Sullivan a couple of years before it could be different, showing him only admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend as a result of his two performances, but until the end of the film when he visits his parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "Corbetts are on it again". Movies are attractive and consistent in style without being brilliant. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence of the Corbett novel. Sidney Hickox made cinematography, Clarence Steensen's time decorations, and Ted Smith's artistic leadership. Heinz Roemheld made music and Milo Anderson's dress. The film was deeply directed by action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked to work with Walsh, but he did not care about another director he worked most often, Michael Curtiz. Among the cast were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, the beautiful Alexis Smith a bit speckled but intelligent as a girl Corbett loves and very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, the young man he dreamed of - later said he it was his favorite role in the era ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hall, with his charismatic father John Loder, a wealthy enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki pleasant management. It is hard to say about the logic and fun of the fun that the producers of this film have created; this is one of the most popular sports biographical films and one of the most enjoyable, according to my standards.
