Everything that is relative seems to be the main theme since the beginning of this set of eleven pieces of eleven directors. This means that what can be for people like Bush, Blair and society the number one priority may not be for many other people, ordinary people. From the opening scene in which the Iranian teacher tries to impress his little students on the most important thing that has happened, so the children are not overwhelmed because the death of a neighbor and the like is more obvious than what happened in New York in the USA, wherever it is , this series of almost documentary styles proves that not all things are equally equal to all the people that some world leaders would try to discourage. <br /> <br /> While the WTC's attack was clearly the worst event of any scale, one feels that both politicians and television cameramen tend to throw things out of each ratio - surprisingly, they appear in one of these pieces. Will there be the same reaction at international level if there is an attack on Lagos, say, or Djakarta, say, or even Rio de Janeiro? I rather do not think. It seems that news is usually distorted depending on where things are done: much more television time is caused by earthquakes in Italy, say, ten times more destructive in Mongolia outside, let's say. Higher distances seem to reduce the magnitude of the disaster. <br /> <br /> This series of eleven pieces helps to put things in a better perspective - or perhaps I can say some pieces do as each director with utter freedom has created his own story, his own translation perspective so that it is not possible assess the merits, but individually for every eleven-minute segment. <br /> <br /> In no way should it be inferred that it is an anti-American film: it would be too easy to read a variety of messages that appear in individual segments. However, it is neither pro-American. Eleven segments accept diverse attitudes, and a common link, if any, is that the WTC attack disaster must be viewed in perspective from a variety of perspectives. Only then will people like George Bush begin to understand the planet on which he lives. <br /> <br /> Clearly mentioned in one segment is my belief, which I have been keeping for two years: America has not learned. And the lesson is that the US must share this planet with the rest of humanity - not control it with ruthless economic conviction or simple force. Instead of learning that the US can not go on stamping everywhere and everywhere, its political leaders who help and encourage Blair (and even Aznara) will become more arrogant and even more intolerant, which will help nothing in Afghanistan or Iraq currently, let alone many elsewhere. The White House mentality is totally rejected: the United States and the United Kingdom have invaded Iraq and caused all the chaos, so they should clean up the confusion they have caused - not the UN and the other nations to take a helping hand and find an easy way out of the turbulence. Radical attitudes adopted by the US (or even Israel) will only be met by the radical attitudes of the Islamic people, who have been concentrating on fanatic fundamentalism for years to cover up their own macho futility - stoning women to death or simply wrapping them from the top of their heads to the dusty place . <br /> <br /> The world is in terrible disorder driven by the greed of a few rich countries who did not seem to see or understand any of the more multifaceted aspects. This film, in eleven separate sections, portrays this gloomy and stupid attitude.
