First of all, I will not praise the short film Iñarrit, I'm even Mexican and proud of his success in the mainstream in Hollywood. In another hand, I can see that most reviews focus on their favorite (and not so) short films; but we forget that there is a fine bottom line that circles the whole compilation and may not be so pleasant for US people. (Although it was not the main target of the producers) <br /> <br /> I'm talking about the fact that most of the short films do not show the suffering WASP people have suffered because of a terrorist attack in September 11 but the suffering of other people. Do you need proof of what I'm saying? Watch a short film about Bosnia: "You cry for the people who died in towers, but we (others = Eastern Europeans) are crying long ago for crimes committed against our women and no one is paying attention to them." Though the story of Burkina Fasso is more comic, the same idea: "You are angry because Osama bin Laden gives you evil, but we (the Others = Africans) should be more angry because our people have long since died of hunger, poverty and AIDS, and no one paid attention to us, as he did the world. "<br /> <br /> Look now at Sean Penn Short: The Fall of Twin Towers makes a happy lonely (and stolen) man. So is it a message that power and greed (symbolized by towers) must fall to let people see the sun and flowers bloom? It is remarkable that this terrible end was designed by the American. In this short film there is so much irony that it is almost subversive. Ken Loach (very well known for his anti-capitalist ideology) is far brighter and shameful when he goes directly to "You are angry because your country has been attacked by evil forces, but we (others = Latin Americans) have suffered the worst in a similar term and nobody not forgetting our sadness, as the world did. " <br /> <br /> It's as if the creativity of this project wanted to say to the Americans: "Do you see now, America? You are not the only one who has been the victim of world violence, you are not alone in your pain and by the way, we (others = non-Americans) suffer much more than you did before, so we are in your pain in solidarity ... and by the way, we are sorry because you had some taste of your own remedy. "Only Mexican and French short films have shown sympathy and sympathy for the American people; others are like a slap on the face for the American state, it's not the same as the Americans.
