After I've erased my thoughts almost twice twice, there is a feeling that I can now make this review for the complicated French track "Read My Lips". When I wrote more than five hundred reviews, I never found myself losing words like myself with the gentle but inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. The idea was poured on what was loved and hated about this film, and while "loving" to overwhelm it, they were elements that were hated, which brought about another debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. More specifically, it is a dramatic path that combines social insecurity with criminal lords with everyday work. Here is the place where this review begins to break down, is it all? but it is much, much more. As a viewer, Emmanuelle Devos' portrait of this delicate woman named Carla, whose power is lost in the men in her office, as well as her hearing, appears immediately. Audiard introduces us hard to the world by removing the sound from the screen whenever it does not carry its assistance, which immediately raises riots not only from the characters in the movie but also from those who watch. Without the sound, the world is left open to all possibilities, and that is terrifying. Watching this difficult and disturbing woman returning to her life we ​​drove out and got the chance to meet Paul (Vincent Caselle plays beautifully), his hair with a whipping back, the mustache wearing a rope man who was just released from prison, homeless, unemployed and forced by his officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is a moment of immediate, disturbing attraction. The one we think loves, but is dark (and here's where it's even more fun)? and where we think she loves her, but she is dark. Continuous reversal of the roles creates an unknown tone. Who, as spectators, must feel the most compassion? Paul is asleep in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses her contract with a competing co-worker, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read human lips is good for Paul. Continuous jumps will keep you in a chair waiting for the possibility that some light will be lit in this dark cave. It is never. Audiard can not only allow this story to happen, it constantly introduces us to other characters; one as frantic as the other. Even our rock, our solid foundation with a password officer is in doubt when his wife is missing? subplot on this movie, which first upset me, but after another debate was the basic finale of this film. But none of this was possible unless it was for our characters. Devos' festive and cozy appearance is breathtaking when he changes his idea of ​​Paul; the truth of her beauty is discovered. Paul, the wild card in the movie, continues to use and abuse friendship for its final final appearance. Then, as we suppose, Carla takes one last form. Audiard knows he has amazing actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time and I would still sit at the end of the chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this film, is at random random. Linked stories seem to be unconnected first, but Audiard allows them to join a bit. Again, the entire officer officer's section was tangled, but this final scene only strengthens the end of the budget. He does not try to sound indefinitely, but this complicated (yet very simple) story is difficult to explain. There is a lot of going on, but it is up to you to join pieces. The favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where some money is holding. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like looking at the one who gets confused in your eyes. Overall, at first, although it was an average French film I could easily forget when it was over? I was wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the floor for discussion, not only with characters but also with situations. One finds himself in roots for Carl in one scene and Paul in the next. When he discovered Paul's apartment in Carl, I found myself deeply angry. Did Audiard bring true emotions to the screen with his characters and developments and what was missing in the plot? actors were able to carry. I can easily design this movie, but be ready; it's not a movie that looks once. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Stage: **** from *****
