First, I have to give people this thing together. 9/11 is such a sensitive affair that filming a movie that dares to be controversial requires a lot of courage. It's a shame, though it's not surprising that the movie was banned in the United States. <br /> <br /> This is said, I think the movie is great with a few weak moments. The film starts with an Iranian segment that looks a little like Majid Majidi's work (absolutely beautiful "heaven children" and "color paradise"). As well as these 2 films, the clip shows what happened in the innocent eyes of the class of Afghan refugees in Iran. A pretty beautiful clip. The same goes for the Seana Penna clip, which is great too. But just as some clips are beautiful the others are totally brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu makes a Mexican clip and like his "Amores perros" he does as brutally as he can. Most of the clip is a black screen with several sounds played in the background. These sounds are reporters and their shock when the second plane crashed, those who called home from the burning towers and left messages for their families, for those who were angry ... and combined with the glimpses of people jumping from the towers. A very hard clip that you can see and one you will not forget. Some clips can hardly be seen by Americans, because some clips can be interpreted as "you are not the only one who suffers". Especially Egyptian and British clips that not only say it, but they convert tables and say how much US misery has caused to other people. I will also mention the clips from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although this may seem terribly misplaced that it is not). However, not all the clips are great and I mentioned the clip separately from Israel, which is, in my view, extremely weak. While this idea was good (the reporter is on a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story is growing due to what happened in New York, it's something we can see many of us living in rolled-up countries), the realization is horribly. The clip ends up as if it were a fun news reporter who is trying to get some time at all costs, a guy who says he's a witness and hoping he can go on television, and soldiers and rescuers just yell "because". Clip can not capture any dramatic situation. <br /> <br /> If you have the opportunity to see it, then you should, if you are not conservative, in such a case, It would be better to stay because you could offend. But if you are not, you could find out how many of us outside the US experienced 9/11.
