As you may know, the object was to ask eleven directors from all over the world to each have a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one shot. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What Afghan refugees can understand that the towers collapsed? Nevermind. Great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak land with great cinematography ... Just imagine the deaf WTC woman she sees without realizing that her dog is barking ... Well see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest producer of oriental films has compassion ... For all: a soldier who died ten years ago for the WTC, but also for a Palestinian suicide-terrorist. Perhaps the less sensitive movie to us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia Herzog): good pictures, makes us travel, sure ... It's not a good conspiracy. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): One of the poorest countries in the world is a still and fun story of five boys who want to capture Osama bin Laden ... And they could do it but nobody believes them when they say they know where Yippee. Ken Loach (uk): On September 11, 1973, Chile entered a twenty-year bloody dictate. Thousands of deaths, torture: everything Chile offered to Henry Kissinger and the CIA and knew it would change your mind! I think it's precisely because no American film distribution company has taken a movie in our theaters! Loach forgot to mention that 1973 is also the year when the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): moving pictures we all know well and many black screens. This time I did not know much about it, it is rather an artistic video (to show up on the show) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israël): absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. Around the burning car in Jerusalem. Very good. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that followed after September 11th. Very good. - Sean Penn (US): A funny little story that reminds us of the fact usually forgotten, the WTC has a huge shadow and some places have daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): other. Here is not a single word about the WTC and the event takes place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would seem to have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- Great movie, great attempt to take the world's temperature. I love it.
