French production where leading film directors from 11 countries were invited to create 11-minute short films to take their reflections on the events of September 11th. Film segments vary greatly in content and quality. Two of them point to a US counterpart in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, depicted in the segment by British director Ken Loach and in Palestine by US-backed Israeli MPs in the Egyptian director Youssef Chahin). Two others are reminiscent of other devastating acts (the Palestinian suicide bombings in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan, Japanese "Holy War" against the West in the Second World War, Shohei Imamura). in several stories. The shadows that obscure an old man's apartment in New York suddenly disappeared when the world trade incorporated the binoculars into the earth in Sean Penn's work and brought him instant joy. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Naira, based on a real incident, he first thinks that a missing young man, also in New York, the son of a Pakistani family, is a fugitive terrorist, but later he shows the hero who sacrificed himself to save others in the towers. <br /> <br /> There are horrible moments dotted all over. Loach has his exiled Chilean man quoting St. Augustine, that hope is built out of anger and courage: anger on the way to the matter, courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan schoolchildren exiled to Iran and tries to tell them about the events that have just occurred in New York. But they are, of course, more impressed by the great events in their refugee camp, where two men fell into a deep well, one killed, the other holding a broken leg. This is understandable tragedy on a large scale for six-year-olds. Idrissa Ouedraogo, from Burkina Faso, creates a drama in which the son of a sick woman finds Osama bin Laden in her village and gathers her friends to help capture the terrorist's refugee to earn $ 25 million in US rewards. He tells his friends to let none of their adults know their plans, because the elderly simply lose money on cars and cigarettes while intending to help their mother and others who are sick and abandoned. <br /> <br /> This is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (the film maker of "Amores Perros"), which provides the most powerful and cooler segment, which for the most part only shows a dark screen with singing and voice tapes and occasional silent sounds. The short visual flashes gradually allow us to see the bodies that fall from the higher floors of the towers and grow to us that they are flogging with the fat bodies. The sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music, and still a shot, carrying a phrase that was first displayed only in Arabic, and then added a translation: "Does God's Light have us lead or blind us?" (In different languages ​​with English subtitles) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Viewed on October 31, 2004). If you would like to read more reviews, please send me a route report on my website.
