From the beginning, it was clear that on September 11, so many films were inspired by World War II and Vietnam. there is certainly a great danger that most of these movies are about as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is great luck that the first international release of 9/11 is not a cheerful love story that plays a lot of handsome faces but a collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> He does not want to say that all 11 episodes are great (eg Youssef Chahine has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre end) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura is the only one without linking directly to the Twin Towers, should open the film, not end, but Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last, instead the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting plot of how other parts of the world respond to the collapse of twins. Consider the introductory segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which Afghan teachers are trying to explain to her pupils what happened in New York and unsuccessfully proposes a one-minute silence. Or the Idrisa Ouedraog part (which contains bin Laden's double that resembles the real that you will be shocked when you see him, I promise), in which 5 guys have to do good things that can be done with a reward on Laden. Ken Loach is a surprisingly good (and very angry) segment that the Chilean man is talking about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11, 1973" when President Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with generous help from Henry Kissinger and the CIA. It would be a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad story and shares my recognition for the best Inarrity segment (mainly sound impressions and phone calls from hijacked aircraft to black screen, sometimes a few pictures of people who fall on the WTC and eventually the collapse of the tower, the end of the screen brightened and one question emerged) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical reporter who was desperately trying to get into the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, but one of these is a masterpiece of choreography) . All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch about deaf girl Danis Tanovic about the demonstration of Srebrenica women, Mira Naira - strange, but it requires an Indian director to become a part that is probably the most appealing to Western tastes - about a Muslim family, whose son is under terrible suspicion after Sept. 11, and with Sean Penn and Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower leading to the most depressing life that one can imagine) adds to a unique film that is not easy to watch and difficult to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known all over thirty years. I hope it will be remembered that the long tradition of world movie films begins. But unfortunately, it is much more likely to be remembered as the effort of a single film. And as one of the few films of September 11, which at that time did not limit this horrible event to a loving story with a happy end, just to please the audience.
