This dramatic dramatic dramatic 2007 drama is like a big, juicy piece of Shakespearean steak from a great filmmaker who can draw extraordinary wild performances from his actors. Imagine Beginner - Henry Fonda is a lone juror in "The Twelve Angry Men," Katharine Hepburn is a vile Mary Tyrone in "The Long Daytime to Night", Rod Steiger is the Conflict of the Concentration Camp Survivors in "Pawnbroker" William Holden Winter Lion in "and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in" Verdict. "The list contains some of the best screens from the past half century and you can safely add to Philip Seymour Hoffman's desperately controlling Andy Hanson ranks.For 83 years, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of the octospider, she likes the melodramatic turn of the hidden screenwriter scriptwriter Kelly Masterson's first screenwriter The story is misleading because she focuses on the moral compromises that melt in a family where two brothers desperately desperate for cash Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamics in her latest film, strangely beaten "The Cassandra Dream," but Lumet is not in his horrible approach to this inevitable story of ambiguity and deception, neither restrained nor cautious. Reflection revolves around the crime to be sacrificed. Assigning funds from the payroll to your real estate company to make his neglected wife Gina happy and satisfied with the expensive drug habits, smoothly speaking Andy is going to be exposed in the IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, has a lot of post-divorces, unexpected unexpected money that lags behind the maintenance and payment of child support. Andy sets up a supposedly insignificant plan to rob his parents' suburban jewelery, and none of them should be there. The aim was for the brothers to collect the hat and the parents to ask for insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in all possible ways, starting with Andy pushing Hanka to do his own job. After some fraternal misery, Hank concentrated on it, but was too afraid to do it alone. According to fate, the legacy will appear on the one day when Andy and Hanna's mother opens the store, and things are quickly turned away from control. Although the storytelling technique is not new (for example Alejandro González Iñárritu is "21 grams"), the Masterson approach effectively defines certain events from different perspectives to understand how each character is led to the consequences of an unlikely event. Acting is perfect - starting with Hoffman's riveting performance like Andy, Machiavellian reptile, whose cold exterior and innate amorality mask the layers of resistance to their family. I thought it was great in Tamara Jenkins' The Savages, but it's even better. Lumet even draws solid performance from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hanka, who helps him with exhausted weakness that informs everyone of his misplaced motion. Like their beaten father, Albert Finney is dealing with his typical late bluster career, but he provides the necessary bases for Oedipal level-complexity. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice to play Gina, because the actress economically key in the sensitive, alert character of a small but crucial role. Estimated theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Aunt Peter Parker in the Spider-Man trilogy) has a precious time as a mother, just like Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that are bordering on excessive, especially as the situation becomes more and more desperate for the brethren, but the principles of injecting such an energetic brio to them that the blooms become forgiven. After the disappointment of the cartoonist "Find Me Guilty" it is refreshing to see Lumet in the top form here. DVD DVD 2008 offers an amazingly informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, who all with a conversation with ease and everything. Together with the original theatrical trailer, it is also better than the average 24-minute track "Sidney Lumet: How the Devil", which features shots and excerpts of interviews with Lumete, two producers and major actors.
