This is a thoroughly sinful story about how bad things may be missing. Simple robbery. Look for some serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be abundant. But? Mom and Pop is a jeweler? No problem. The insurance is payable for everything. No weapons. No one will hurt. Easy money. Older, more successful (apparently) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has a few minor problems. Dependence on heroin, cocaine addiction. A woman (Marisa Tomei), well, does not seem to be playing for him. His flat belly had long vanished. Younger, sweet, slightly mad younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) with several own problems. Daughter support for daughter, for debts with friends and relatives who did not care about the work, etc. Sydney Lumet, at this performance at the age of 82! , controls and gets 99.99 percent true, which is hard to do in the thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I remember, and most of the time the director gets the film printed and lives with holes of plot, improbability, cheese scenes and a quick end. Here Lumet makes a thriller like a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The game is great. There are no openings on the plot. The story rings true and clear and presents a story of human fragility that would appreciate the greatest creator and even Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Hoffman is of course excellent. When you do not have marquee, the leading presence of a person, you have to get to talent, processing and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not alien to the sweet little role, adds a layer of despair and too human inability to that part so we do not know if he regrets or dies. Albert Finney plays fathers of sympathetic sons with a certain intensity that is inconsistent with his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has the magical qualities of sexuality, together with her unique creativity, both could be both vulnerable and hard as nails like Andy's couple of husbands. (But who could blame her?) It's almost a movie reviewer that is a commercial thriller of five or ten stars, but if you study this film, as all filmmakers would try to do, you will find (according to most Hollywood producers) the detail that makes real art - what only great artists can do, and really can not help. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this film, well, maybe twelve, check credits.) In summary, can I say that the road is Sydney Lumet, the author of many great movies, and show such fidelity to your craft and art at such an advanced age? kudos. I wish we could all make half so well. <br /> <br /> Well, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that Father (Albert Finney) could watch the cabs that Andy had taken around New York without ever wanting to lose his tail. That's tiny and I wish all thrillers could have such a small swing. One also wonders why Lumet decided not to tell Hank's destiny at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his destiny fell to the bed of the bed. Maybe Lumet was not happy with what was filmed and the time had faded, and he just said, "Let it go, it does not really matter." And I do not think it is. What happens to Hank is not good. He is not such a person who can escape into Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is the type of person who receives a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves him and comes out of what kind of cross-human being knows that he was not really a man when he was supposed to be. Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood directors, The Group (1966), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many others.
