I watched this film in a very special way - I put it on the Netflix list and could not remember why (apart from what I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman was in it). Since the film has no opening credits, I could not even remember who was directing it. When I and my wife and I looked at her, I turned to her for about 45 minutes and said, "You know, I still want to decide I hate this movie, but it just will not let me stop watching." Then there's a section about half a dozen scenes in the center of the movie that are really electrifying in actors' performances. It was just like the end of credits rolled that I realized it was Sidney Lumet movie. And I thought - wow. I am surprised that Lumet took over what is really dirty, a tiny story about really bad people. But it is a testimony to his talent that I was so accepted when I did not even realize it was him. Philip Seymour Hoffman really is really good in this movie. Like a terrible good. Put it against Capote and I would argue that Oscar should be for this film instead. I highly recommend telling special features with Lumet, Hawke, and Hoffman talking about filming a movie - it's fun and educational when Hawke plays a pupil who wants to teach his master's feet. Lumet will definitely teach you the first rule of working with actors - poems their fingers constantly! <br /> <br /> There are lots of violent, melodramatic movies out there that are empty ciphers when everything is said and done. And in this film there is an element - that the actors fill the air with the explosions of emotions, and when the smoke gets rid of it, nothing is left. Can not resonate at a deeper level. But Lumet gave us strength, and twelve angry men - films that each of their own voyages was brought to the highest levels of the cinema. <br /> <br /> This movie is not at this level. But there is something left here. And maybe it's enough. My last comment relates to the comments - if you look at the number of comments on this little IMDb movie - and the depth and intelligence of the comments, for and con - this is a pretty good signal that something special happens to this movie.
