Tarantino once remarked on the melody of the 1930s called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. The same can be said - and not lifting Tarantine - for Sidney Lumet's best work for years, melodrama, where the character of the highest interest is not only because of what is at stake with the occupation. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of the script (basically, it ultimately breaks into a crazy killer regime in a series of top events that run to the very end and even the most important suspension of infidelity), but her scenario expresses the character before the plot and the story where the action is surrounded by a hey, it is important to know who these people are overcome. It is bleak, utterly insignificant as Satan, but also totally wraps 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Scream it not only because Lumet knows how to handle a nonlinear script, where we see the daily ones that appear earlier than during and mostly after the dirty robbery of "mummy and pop", but because it gathered a huge cast (which I could add, it's Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their own financial f-ups and the first one is approaching what looks like a crazy robbery: looting his own jewelry store with mother and father in Westchester. Hawke Hank includes another shadowy character, even though there are murders and suddenly it is a Greek-style tragedy that affects the brothers and their father played by the finest Albert Finney. It's the kind of material that most actors love - figures that are just as in the afternoon dogs painfully human, faulty bones, but they just want love and / or things to be right and have a total inability to fulfill their wishes and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, Hoffman and Hawke are well suited; Hoffman has up to the last ten minutes of the above-mentioned super-quiet and sometimes bitter behavior that reveals him as a brain of surgery, but then smaller scenes where he falls apart emotionally (ie, with Finney or a car scene with Tome) pushing his talents on the border; In the meanwhile, Hawke is called a loser by his former wife and daughter, can not pay any debt at all, and is called a child by his own father and fills in all the things that are important - not as bad as his older brother, but who wants the straw for this title? And Finney, as mentioned, is convinced that his Big Fish appears as a children's play (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face is reflected in the horror that rose the other half) <br /> <br / > They also represent supporting turns from Marisa Tomei's grueling, twisted pair of timings, Bug Michael Shannon as dirty white baskets and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris, a short and precise impression, a film with a tremendous amount of skill and heart - but not the forgiveness of the heart - with a story that doubles the details, not for fun fence devices, but to elucidate every step of the family eternal descending spirals. If it's not as meaningful as Serpico or a network, or a pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men it will come as close as nothing Lumet has ever since.
