The Bible teaches us that love for money is the root of all evil. Love for money leads to greed which can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. The two brothers, Andy and Hank, will find out how far the love of money is going to cost and the ones they love most. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not be different. Andy seems to be looking forward to working on a real estate market in New York and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), who thinks of a trophy if someone ever existed. But Hank is divorced, who finds himself in the mercy of his ex-wife, the expensive school accounts of his daughter, and the infinite amount of child support. A man who has good intentions and good intentions, Hank can not escape from the water, that he slowly rises above his head, no matter how heavily he sails to stay above him. But Andy has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother is that he's hiding them better. He committed frauds against his company and is heavily involved in drug use to escape fear. The pressure of his life and the lie he needs to sustain his performance has now forced him to think about running away with Gina to begin again. Of course, like Hank, he needs the money to do it, and he believes he knows how to get it. As? Removing the jewelry business owned and operated by their parents. This act of betrayal is where Hanson Brothers, their families, and a few other lives are destroyed because of greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness before the devil knows you are dead is the way the story is told. When the robberies are spoiled and killed, Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), who is the mother of both Andy and Hank, tells the story from different perspectives from various days before and after a robbery attempt. We learn more about the motivation not only of Andy and Hank, but also of the reaction to their father Charles (Albert Finney) to the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially Andy, is also explored, and further possible motivation of the species is discovered after it is discovered that there is little love between the two men. Nanette could be sympathetic to her sons, but their father is another story. Philip Seymour Hoffman again proves why he is one of the most notable actors in Hollywood today by portraying Andy not only as a greedy criminal with a lack of morality but also in a contradictory way as a man with whom we can pity. Ethan Hawke also brings Hanka alive not only as a lost, but really like a man, just desperate to hold on to what he has left. Andy and Hanka are brought to life in such a realistic way that it's easy to think about them not only as characters but about real images of lost and confused men who are now faced with the consequences of their actions. <br /> <br /> Before the devil knows you're dead, it's a moral story about how our actions lead to consequences we would not otherwise expect. In addition, our decisions can affect those around us as we never expected. In what should be the best picture of the year, we see how lives are easily broken when love for money becomes a final effort to calm our problems. In other words, there are no easy fixes or answers to our problems, and trying to find them can only aggravate the situation. <br /> <br />
