I have to admit that this is a type of film I would normally avoid, but I basically rented it for the stars. I certainly did not like it. In fact, as you can see, I marked it as five stars. This film is the perfect combination of sharp direction and excellent acting. Andy and Hank Hanson are brothers who choose to commit an unscrupulous crime to rob shop with their parents' jewelry. The crime is terribly wrong - and so begins the investigation of three men in Hanson's family. Through a series of memories, we recognize Charles Hanson and learn about the tense relationship between father and sons. The younger brother, Hank is basically twisted. He's always had trouble working, and he's moving a lot in the direction of the wind. Hank is insecure, cowardly, and very much under the influence of his great brother. Ethan Hawke has the character of Hank "stuffed with T" and gives what is probably his best performance so far. It shows us a person who is essentially good-natured, but so influenced by external forces that he is unable to keep an important task. Andy - on the surface - seems to be a successful businessman, but soon we find out he is addicted to drugs and is being taken away from his company to pay for his habit. It is Andy, who is preparing to rob his parents' business, and he becomes a weak Hank to commit this act. Philip Seymour Hoffman - surely one of the best actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who has the ability to portray a man who is on the surface of a charming merchant whom his acquaintance loved but a real slimy ball beneath him. He is absolutely perfect for part of Andy, or it can be said that he, despite his excellent acting skills, made Andy a perfect part. Albert Finney plays father in common with his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or ruthless man, but he has a delicate relationship with his sons because he has never understood what is necessary to maintain a positive connection between his sons and himself. He has always been too quick to criticize and admonish. He always made it clear that he preferred his younger son to his elders, causing a wide emotional contradiction between himself and Andy. As we know Charles and Andy, the thought of Andy, which makes up a plan to get rid of his father, becomes less incredible. Personally, I can not believe how much Charles Hanson reminded my own father, and how much Andy and Hank reminded my brother and myself. Perhaps it may be one of the reasons why I liked the film, just like this story of a distant critical father, a more successful older brother, and a less successful younger brother who was so close to home. Fortunately, my brother and I have never been in a state of committing a crime against my parents - I think we were made of stricter and moral things. This set of personalities and events was professionally compiled by director Sidney Lumet. Eighty-three have cats that give spectators stunning characters and marginal action that they hypnotize. 12 The angry man was his first film, fifty years before the devil learns that you are dead, but he has not lost any magical touch by showing us figures that he has long remembered. <br /> <br /> The events and characters before the devil learns that you are dead are harsh and unattractive, and it certainly is not a movie that feels good. However, it is two hours of the highest fun, which I strongly recommend.
