The whole title of this movie is: "You can be in the sky for half an hour, before the devil knows you're dead," re-formulating the old Irish toast. "You can have food and clothes, a soft pillow on your head, you can be in the sky forty years before the devil knows you're dead." The first screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) created a melodrama that examines how fragmented the family can happen when external forces propel members into unimaginable extremes. In this film, the viewer is allowed to watch the gradual but almost complete implosion of the family with the use of a very useful but very meaningful manipulation of the storytelling retrospective technique. By repeatedly offering the various benefits of each of the characters about the main events that drive this rather horrifying story, we see all the players' motivations in this case from the robbery that was very bad. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy manager, married to emotionally-needed Gina (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to expensive drug habits. His life begins to fall apart and he needs money. Andy is a younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a life in ruins - he is divorced from his brazen wife, Marty (Amy Ryan), is in charge of nourishing and supporting children and borrows everything from his friends and needs money. Andy suggests a low key robbery of a small jewelery and commerce store that promises safe and quick cash. The problem is that the story of the jewelry belongs to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy moves Hank in cash and agrees to agree that Hank will do a real robbery, but Hank agrees with a fail-safe plan, hiring a friend to take over his own job while Hank plans to be the driving engine of a car escape. The magnifying glass is terribly bad when Nanette, filing for a regular official, shoots the robbers and is shot dead in a mess. The disaster has revealed many secrets about the fragile family relationships and when Nanette died, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are at every turn led by disastrous endings with surprise. Each of the actors in this powerful but emotionally sharp film gives great performances and although we expected Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris to be a wise hand from Sidney Lumet, making this movie so unforgettable. It's not an easy movie to watch, but it's a movie that allows some bravado performances that require our respect, a movie that reminds us of how fragile many families can be. Grady Harp
