I have to admit that I had doubts about this movie before I looked at it. The main reason is that it was compared to Hitchcock. I have seen some of the films that are said to be inspired by Hitchcock, or it could be a Master of Suspense, but I have not seen any of these films that will be able to pass the test. In my opinion, Hitchcock became a home name that is too easy to use for the promotion of some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand I have to admit that I was interested in it because it is a European film. It's usually a big Hollywood studio that wants to abuse the name of Hitchcock if it can increase your income. But this film was created in one of the most chauvinist European countries at all, and I'm sure most of the French would have disappeared rather than admitting that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to give this film a test and I have to say I'm glad I did it. "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my lips", as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a hardworking and loyal employee, but her colleagues have never been highly appreciated. This has to do with the fact that she suffers from a lack of hearing that denied her to climb the company's hierarchical rankings. But when she has the opportunity to hire a trainee who can work for her, everything will change. Paul Angeli is 25 years old and completely unqualified ex-convicted. A man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him if needed. He hopes to teach him what a normal life should look like, but at the same time he takes it with him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Because I still believe the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - which is definitely this movie - I will not make any comparison between Hitchcock and director Jacques Audiard. The fact is, this man did a really good job with this movie. I have never heard of it before, but it is true that she knows how to create tension and how you will be interested from beginning to end. It also has a lot to do with a very gentle and original story, of course. I doubt if there is someone in Hollywood who has ever come up with the idea of ​​playing a strong role in a handicapped woman instead of making her a helpless subject to an abusive husband (you know a typical television story). <br /> <br /> It's also worth seeing them in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete secret to me. Their role is absolutely nothing enchanting, but both have greatly cared for their characters, so they feel very credible and realistic. Paul could be an average tough guy straight out of prison and Carla typically a helpless woman, but thanks to their performance you are really convinced that they are two powerful people who both have bad luck in life, but who gets the best of it together. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a powerful movie with very fine scripting and great gaming. Despite the fact that I had doubts about it, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
