I begin to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of 2007 films. If 2004 was a year of biography and 2005 was a year of political films, 2007 can be labeled as a year representing a wide range of moral stories, movies that portray, test, invite and question human morality and the motives that lead us to do certain things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think there are a number of films this year, such as 3:10 Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men, and others that specifically question and examine human morals and motives that lead us to acts like violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows you are dead, it is a depressing style moral story and quite dark, cruel and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic directorial forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who many have said he has gone through his main role, but is back in full force with this vicious criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies whose drawings are so dense that they are very reluctant to get into the details. This is the movie that is best enjoyed by entering without prior awareness into the events that are about to unfold because they are twists and turns. But the thick and richly processed land is not at all in the middle of this film; the real focus is, as I have already mentioned, the story of morality; motives that drive these two men to the action they make in the movie. In a conspiracy structured as a combination of the two brothers Coen (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see that two men are driven under various shady circumstances to drive a relatively simple crime that is incredibly ridiculous, and with full force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is narrated in a fragmented chronology that keeps track of and shows a series of events of a different nature each time and always ends where it last ended. Kelly Masterson's bright, sharp, dense and uncertain depressed scenario is surprisingly dizzy and well rounded, especially because it's a debut screenplay. But the movie has much more than just a godly ominous and quite depressing plot. First of all it looks and looks great. During his career Sidney Lumet consistently employed an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and at the same time stylish. The film carries a distinctive air of style and class, with beautiful natural lighting that looks really cool. Edits are top-notch; Combining an irritating drama-thriller aspect with a long long takes that really take your time to plot the action accordingly. And vibrant, dynamic angles and camera moves further contribute to style. The film is also backed by a fantastically happy musical score by Carter Burwell. The screenplay plays its part, and Lumet, of course, plays its part, but there are three master actors in the dramatic center of the film, who deliver incredibly good performances. First of all, there are two ways. The head of the pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an outstanding actor, but after his inappropriately fantastic performance about Oscar in Capote, he encountered the newly acquired status of a man. His turn in this movie is fascinating: seriously flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has a really intense scene in the film that really allows his full dramatic rage, not just his softness and joke. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has given some fantastic performances to many films that are almost always overshadowed by bigger, bigger actors. Here he turns away from Hoffman and incredibly complements him; in fact, the dynamic action between these two people is so fantastic and convincing that the audience is quickly lost in the characters and forgets to watch the actors. And then there's Albert Finney. Such a flexible, opulent supportive role, like the one he has, requires a seasoned professional and here Finney brings his best performance for many years as a tragically obsessed father of two brothers who are caught up in this crime. I love how to play dynamics between these three. I like Hoffman's unmistakably dominant brother, and he takes his wife's younger brother, even now, that they are middle-aged men; and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of cast, two supporting female characters? brothers' wives? also represent a fantastic performance by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks are better and better reflected in the summer. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and style have already been explored similarly to The Coen Brothers and it is very easy to imagine how they manage this film. But when it comes to a movie that goes through a known plot, it just excels. Lumet uses his own tremendous directorial talent and employs his unique and very gentle sense of irony and style for Masterson's brilliantly lively, intense and morbidly depressing scenario. The introduction of lead is incredibly intense and the film has absolutely fantastic turns from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but really the greatest miracle of the film is that three years after winning the Oscar for Lifetime Achievement, which was worshiped as the definitive proof of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet proves he still has tremendous talent to deliver a truly gorgeous, resonant, intense a cinema reminiscent of its golden years.
