Sydney Lumet recently won boxing in 20 years and yet at 83 he managed to pull out a tense, well-drawn, thrilling thriller that was placed on his old stamp in New York. (How he got the insurance, let alone the budget after all the flops, is also a secret). The story is quite gloomy and the characters are not particularly enjoyable but kept me on the edge of my place until the last scene. Two brothers with urgent financial problems conspired to rob suburban jewelery owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The magnifying glass is useless and two people die. Most of the film deals with the consequences. The action is nonlinear and seen from the different aspects of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow it. What is not so easy to solve is the story? how did the brothers get into such a mess? Are there any traces? a younger brother who is a child of a family is popular with his father while his older brother seems to carry a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father and vice versa, but he is barely responsible for becoming heroin a murderous fraudster. <br /> <br /> As an old brother who is excited, Philippine Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates, but his Ethan Hawke is well supported as his frightened, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney, as their father, seems to be in a state of rage, but the script requires it. Marisa Tomei as the cheating wife of an older brother at the age of 42 gives me the best performance I have seen for many years. The movie literally begins with a bang, but we got quite quickly from this comfortable zone. I do not know the origin of this story by first screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that just like Lumet is a great 70th movie "afternoon dog day" is based on the fact? it's too stupid to make it untrue. Lumet is just the last of those incredibly versatile old directors who managed to drive something that was ahead of them with great speed. Some great movies were made in this way, like some classic turkeys. Is not this a classic of any kind? it's great fun. It will probably leave you feeling lucky that you will not be a member of the family as dysfunctional as this, but you still think about getting on the road. We know the parents were happy, but we see so little of the mother and we hear so little about her that it is impossible to highlight her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence is redundant). Like Tolstoy, we have to say that "every unfortunate family is unhappy in its own way".
