What an extraordinary criminal thriller! My wife and I saw it last week at the Toronto International Film Festival and it was the best film at an extremely strong festival. It's already my second favorite movie all the time after DR. STRANGEL and I was definitely on emotional height when I went home and discussed the movie with my wife. I do not want to spoil the plot because the thrillers of this caliber are best enjoyed without prejudice. The synopsis that I feel good about is that the two brothers who play Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are planning to revive the jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film jumps forward and backward in about two weeks (before, during, and after the robbery) and one key scenario is repeated at least three times. Usually it could disrupt the dynamics of the movie, but it never happened during this masterpiece. Excitement, tension and even the quality of acting seemed better when the film progressed. Finally I was on the edge of my seat and eagerly waited until I could see how it was packing. I know I used some clichés in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my place. I should mention that the nonlinear storyline is quite easy. It's not such a movie when you listen to listeners and ask their friend to explain the plot during the movie. The performance is absolutely brilliant and I doubt I will have the same admiration for the film if the casting was not so perfect. The small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but that's a minor bug that I can easily overlook. Hoffman was in his best form and some of his scenes with Hawk were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Father Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some of the performances were so impressive that I still remember every note, gesture and facial expression from Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The robbery scene was much more authentic than any other scene I've ever watched, and in most scenes I had the same sense of authenticity, especially those who were with Hoffman. Music helped build tensions throughout the movie, often the same notes played very efficiently. I had to play music in my head the following day, even though I was sitting in other movies. Besides my little complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one plot that felt a little incredible (the main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty darn near to the perfect one. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great movies at the festival, which I would like to watch for the second time, but BEFORE YOU KNOW THAT IT IS DEAD, stands in the league of His own. As well as director Sidney Lumet, he spoke before the film and featured Maris Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Toma did not speak, and she was a bit stylized, so Lumet said, "Can you believe someone so beautiful could be so shy?" This comment is quite ironic with regard to the graphical introductory scene !!
