Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who's bigger *** and who dad (Albert Finney) loves more, so they cover the hair-brained scheme to fuck Mom and Daddy jewelry to clear their debts and start fresh. It sounds like a great plan, except that it's a thrilling melodrama in the 1970s that the bug has become a bad guy and we're doing really bad things for our unfortunate duo and everyone involved. Lasely designed by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically executed by director Sidney Lumet, "before Devil you know that you are dead," he uses a robber like McGuffin to immerse himself deep in family drama. Unlike the common belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently agreed with the devil to add one last great movie. Lumet was in his zenith in the 1970s with films like "Dog Day Afternoon," "Serpico," and one of my favorite films of all time, "Network". He managed to make a film that carries all the features of his classics while intermingling some modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with timeframes and POV) into a cracking, lively, slim, medium and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the modern giants (like Scorsese or Spielberg) who appeared during the same decade were Lumet at the top of their game, will have so much chuck when they reach this age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master who drives people who go through space, create tension and develop characters. Because casting performs through finely-defined offices and flats in Manhattan, his slow-moving camera creates a tangible sense of anxiety because we never know who might be in the next corner or what that person could do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses multiple POV access and time frame shifts. The concise and classic presentation they use makes similarly structured films by pianists Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarrit as an amateur hour. Of course, what Lumet best suits, directs the amazing cast occupation, and cheats the act of thumbs of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and most likely will never be, better than he is here. Albert Finney is a quietly indignant portrait of his father betrayed and at the end of his rope the masterpiece is watching to unfold. Ethan Hawke, a normal handsome boy, is perfect as an emotionally crippled younger brother who has too long skates for his spell and looks. But this grace is a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, who is doubtfully in place like his furious trophy woman. Lumet is going through a series of emotions that culminate in the scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden mocked Beatrice Straight straight to the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in the Network. <br /> <br /> The devil of every great movie is in detail, from Albert Finney's trolley in the trunk of his car that can not be closed for the fender, to the look of Amy Ryan (the new one from the gorgeous "Gone Baby Gone") gives her the former the husband of Ethan Hawke's promised promise to her little girl, whom all three know she does not, to the systematic breakdown of the family on slides, to a dialogue of proselytizing cultivators (my favorite line is awfully threatening "Do you think I call you Chico?") Carter Burwell. "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is the film of the year. If something goes the best, then we know that several other shops have to be mediated with old scratches.
