French directors continue to amaze their extraordinary ability to simulate the views and sounds of everyday, suburban, everyday life. This was obvious when L'Emploi du Temps was released at the beginning of last year, a brilliant study of the position of the white collar after melancholy after shooting. Like the favors of French filmmakers, many scenes were shot on real streets and in public places, giving the story a sense of cinema, but L'Emploi du Temps also had an elegant look with excellent camera work and some amazing location records (most notably Swiss mountain sanctuary). Launching more at the heels of this masterpiece comes another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard is the furious caper of the caper, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). In fact, to describe this film as a criminal, it is a bad service because it is far more than that. As with the previous French edition, it is the sharp nature of a study of marginal people who use their wits to get ahead in a society that has turned them over. In Paris, the building firm Carla sits at her desk with a shy and tiny young woman who found herself in the office area, the main road to xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Difficult colleagues use the front of the Carl table to talk and drop off their semi-empty cups of polystyrene coffee. In part, deaf, Carla tends to turn audibly if the noise is annoying, whether it's a paper jam or a child's shouting boyfriend. When the boss calls her to the office to indicate that she hires a secretary to help her with a workload, Carla worries she might lose her job. In the workplace, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistants (best for men) as if they were in a staffing agency. He should be 25 years old and clean, with extensive skills in computers and skills. When the agency sends an imprudent, terrifying young man, Carla is as shocked and so interested. They left the office and drank at the local restaurant, where Carla talked to her future assistant. When he finds out that he has just left prison, Carla initially does not want to have anything to do with Paul, but has a heart change and hires him. Although she is essentially kind to her assistant, Carla is now in the position of authority and has a new sense of strength. Paul quickly learns and becomes a skilled laborer. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live, and even covers him when his presidential officer pops up in the office one day and thinks why Paul missed his appointment. During one of the lunch breaks, Carl informs Paul of the lack of hearing and reveals her ability to read her lips. Later, when a tricky associate apparently takes over the project Carla is working on, Carla fervently asks Paul for help in seeking revenge for a man. From now on, in Sur mesres, he is becoming an increasingly intense crime drama that develops into the most violently graphic scenes that have been shown on screen in recent years. The script leases elements from Hitchcock, most notably REAR WINDOW, where Carlina's lip-reading talent comes into full play with a pair of binoculars. There is a joke, a re-off-sexual sexual attraction between these two protagonists, culminating in somewhat strange honors north to northwest, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that slowly builds between the two stars. What is being done from this film is not so similar to classic Hitchcock's thrillers, though these elements are definitely there but a ubiquitous view of the modern city (in this case, Paris), where life lives from the morning working days to the lush, cruel nightlife a life where sex, drugs and money launder penetrate the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological occasional yarn, in which people look like ordinary men and women on the street, where the strike in the face or the slopes sounds like a dirty bagpiper and where the office is a place where we can be afraid. It's Hitchcock with gloves off.
