The first one has to take into account the time period in which this film was shot in 1995. The rappers were in it and it added to his taste. Remy was a socially unpleasant young man who tried to find his way and could not until he met and was with the Nazis. They took him in. The Nazis are not all that unpleasant, but like most gangs fill the emptiness that is missing, be it economic, social, emotional, whatever. Michael Rappaport played this role perfectly. Omar Epps was a star with a hot roof, a dubious working ethic, and a chip on his shoulder. He kept trying to love him and his misfortune, and had his girlfriend and professor to fix him. Kristen was a young white girl she tried to find and tried to enter until the data was raped. She then found her own experiment with her sexuality and engaged politically. The film deals with racism, and like most of the racist issues, the game also comes into play. <br /> <br /> I have read so many comments that there are no "evil" black figures, but that they were bad white (Nazis). So what? Remy was not portrayed as evil at all, trying to find his way, and failing until some skinheads accepted him. He was afraid he was sad to see him do it. He even says before he's killed, I did not mean it, I wanted to be an engineer. Ice Cube and Busta Rhymes were angry black men, Ice Cube was somewhat intellectual and Busta Rhymes was simply portrayed as a fool. Both of them did not have any attention to their roommates, and generally they do not like the white people. They were angry as the Nazis, but not at the level of the Nazis, in terms of total misconduct. I'm sorry if it seems unfair, but are there really black groups like the Nazis? No. <br /> <br /> People say it shows white = -bad black = good. It is not true, the only bad white characters were the Nazis and the police, which is more or less true in real life. Kristen was a good girl, her boyfriend (omar epps roommate) was a good guy, and even Remy was a good guy, he was simply wrong. Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Busta were seriously flawed characters, angry and irritable. Though their constant harassment by the police seemed to justify their anger. Remy's inability to enter seemed to justify his anger as well. <br /> <br /> Good movie, well done. Just like all the films that deal with racism, it's a great piece of discussion. I do not think Cube and Bust beat the Nazis.
