The movie that genuinely represents the 1960s (those of us who wail around America's stomach at the time) are the turbulence and the variety of decades. Despite the exaggerated, stereotypical attitudes, the issue of credibility remains clear. <br /> <br /> Not only were those radical times changed but also very confusing times. Two fundamental things have changed our world: the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the enormous influence of the media. These two new freedoms began with social changes, which soon became institutionalized. The chaos was sensible, the value came from the mess. Keep in mind, however, that most Americans did not participate in it ... they worked, played, watched the news ... and slowly manifested themselves in the efforts and struggle of minorities ... Civil Rights Workers, Political Activists, Antiwar Forces, War on Poverty. .. The representation of the power of the press and the television was particularly well reflected, although the conflict between the attitude of the general public and those who want to change things was at best ignored ... and at worst untrue. Middle-class Americans did not feel everyone around angry-bred bats or reject their sad daughters. They were also confused. Let's not forget how folk singers suddenly became protest singers and how the Beatles started an onslaught that killed the People's Protest Movement. There are no Beatles in the movie, no mention of them. I think if you do not live for decades, maybe you will not feel what the movie is about, the overall picture is a little dark. At one point I kept my job as my sister lived in the Hog Farm community and went to Woodstock. At another point I was at Haight Asbury and Detroit's riots as she worked and played a housewife in Maine and Connecticut. Tasks are constantly changing. The film shows three middle-class siblings. They represent a hippie child, a political activist and active military personnel. Dad represents typical attitudes, and mom is a voice of reason, tolerance and sometimes a compromise ... for peace. The black family consists of a minister and his son ... inappropriately, I think. I suppose the producers knew all the variables and had to cope with the restrictions, otherwise the film would become a long, boring, documentary film. The dad's message was that anger produces bitterness and bitterness causes chaos. It was a clear message focused on today's youth. We are looking at a unique solution to social problems and how we are dealing with problems ... The 1960s were an unusual 20th comparison. In other words, this film has, after all, morals. Ultimately, it is our collective individualism that survives. Put that in your list of oxymorons. Everyone was in the 1960s god, guru, or genius in the free spirit. It was a time of magic and madness. No one will ever adjust for 60 years ... it was too diverse (this movie is close). At least we can say that we are not ashamed to learn and grow out of it, and it has been shaping for a generation and changing America ... for the better.
