"Blob" qualifies as a sci-fi movie, not only because he has launched Steve McQueen, 27, a superstard trajector, but also because he has used popular themes of both foreign invasions and adolescent crimes that were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the script, Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson, ever mentioned an amorphous, scarlet-red protoplasm that had fallen to Earth on a meteorite and threatened everyone on Friday night in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania as "The Blob." Steve McQueen gained the role of Josh Randall, an old wound hunter in the Western Wanted: Dead or Alive, after producer Dick Powell made this release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, attractive girlfriend McQueen Aneta Corsaut played opposite Andy Griffith at "The Andy Griffith Show" as a friend of Sheriff Taylor's teacher Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but seldom real teens played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his directorial debut with The Blob. Linaker & Simonson's script synthesized four genres: the first alien invasion; second juvenile delinquency; third, the mystery of the murder and the fourth; horror cooling unit. Moreover, while the gelatin substance takes different forms, it remains very anonymous. In other words, eponymous Jell-O does not speak or communicate telepathy. Instead, he kills without difficulty and discriminates against anyone. The tone "The Blob" is quite serious despite its somewhat gourmet nature. As film makers point to Criterion DVD's "The Blob," the movie opens unusually for a sci-fi horror thriller with a hero and a hero in a remote rural environment where she likes and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see the big fall of meteors on Earth and go to find them. Meanwhile, the old man finds the meteor and throws his wand. Meteor opens and a sticky goop packet is attached to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") looks closer to it, the boy joins his hand. The old guy runs screaming from the crater, and Steve almost strikes him with his cover. Steve and Jane picked up the guy and took him to see Dr. Hallin in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is about to leave town at a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Hallen calls his sister to come back because maybe he needs amputation. Of course, Hallen had never seen anything like that on his forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what's happened. Our heroes meet another group of teenagers who mock Steve's speedy driving. Steve is crazy about him in the back race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) leaves him off the hook. Steve and the teens visit instead of the meteor crater and find the warm remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing the dog, the teens split into a haunted night movie while Steve and Jane return to Dr. Dr. Hallen's. In the meantime, the blob had completely absorbed the old father, killed Hallen's sister and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid on the protoplasm nor Hallen's shotgun has any effect on the blob. Steve caught the glimpse of the stone that had been swallowed by Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly disbelieving, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it's a joke. Bert has an ax for grinding with teenagers because his wife died when she hit her. Steve and Jane are taken to Hallen's office, but nobody finds skin or hair, but Dave admits that the office has been vandalized. Against Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns teens into parents. Steve and Jane had earlier apologized to their people for believing they were sleeping in bed just before they found themselves again. They enter the city and look for the old man who came before them in front of the supermarket. When they go to take the mutt, Steve walks in front of the electric eye in the grocery store and opens. They will not find anyone there, but they will hit the blob. Steve and Jane are running in the freezer and the blob is not attacking them. Later, after escape, Steve convinces the teenagers who attacked him in the street race to warn authorities because he should be in bed at home. Police Chief Dave and fire service arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that he's in the blob shop. About this time blob kills the theater project and attacks the audience. Suddenly a horde of people leave theater and Dave believes that Steve. Steve and Jane leap to the noon counter that will attack. The owner and our heroes emerge in the basement, and Steve finds that a frost-free fire extinguisher causes the blob to turn away. Authorities collect each fire extinguisher in the city and manage to freeze the blob. The Pentagon sends to transport the halftone to the north pole. As the remnants of the stain collide down into the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a ghostly giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained military supplies from the Globe Command military transport aircraft, which stores the parachute and its cargo. "Blob" turned out to be a hit-in hit and Steve McQueen's sharp lead gave the film added momentum. If you are not a teenager, this little horror film is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his screenwriters create enough paranoia and compassion for our heroes. They never show the blob really assimilating his victim and leaving it to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a modicum of subtlety.
