A few years ago I looked at the now defunct Sicilian TV channel. Surprisingly, the film emerged as the DVD of the criteria that are clearly appreciated: he was not sure what I originally created (despite the fact that over the years has reached cult status, own performance is clearly seen modestly even genre fans), I chose not to do shopping ? as I did with a similar and unknown to me FIEN BEZ FACE (1958). But recently, I managed to get BLOB via a copy of a Spanish DVD that interestingly transferred over two tracks of Audio Commentary from "Special Edition", but unfortunately I could not turn off Spanish subtitles while playing the main feature! Anyway, I was looking at the film again, I was surprised at how much I liked it (despite a lot of telling shortcomings I'll get later)? as a pure example of the "B-film feasibility" (atypically shot in a pleasant color) and a time capsule illustrating the late 1950s social attitudes. The male lead was for Steve (n) McQueen starting role, although the actor perhaps later, looking at him with contempt, his only contribution to the genre is quite respectable: he should not defend juvenile kicks, but he is essentially a decent (and what is more important, altruistic) child. The special effects of the slimy and expanding being are not too bad of their kind and period; the film itself is rising to a good climax? starting with the monster invasion of cinematography (showing GIFT HORROR [1953/7]), as I have recently mentioned in the review of the film, but curiously searched "overturned" and what sequence would appear when opening the satirical Italian program actually called "Blob "!". As for the tiny pieces I have with the movie: does the monster not show traveling? only appears in different places, never seen by anyone! there is over-emphasis on children scrambling with the police; is it stupid to have a doctor shoot at The Blob? as if the fluid, regardless of its ratio, could be destroyed by bullets! it is equally absurd for teenagers to alert cities to the dangers of visiting the door to the door (especially when considering that McQueen actually saw the monster in action at this stage)! The lower sequel appeared in 1972 called BEWARE THE BLOB! the original was remake in 1988? I've been looking at it for a long time, but it does not seem to make a lasting impression on me (though I know that Micheal Elliott loves it). I will deal with two other collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
