BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the vivid images of its almost unstoppable character that scatters in the body but because it contains a real social message. It's in many ways a "horror film". The clever story is immensely helped by the solid performances of the entire cast. Two romantic leaders, Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut, will bring amazing depth and sentimentality into the process. They are misunderstanding, but very well presented young people, and it is very easy for them to roots. This is a pro-social film and its juvenile delinquent personality is causing problems mainly from boredom, not outside of any malicious sign of defects. Steve McQueen's rival opponent almost seems to be the enemy in the morning, but quickly joins the McQueen campaign to save the city from a fleeing attacker as soon as he sees McQueen's seriousness. In this way, the character's situation, which first seems to be caricature, suddenly develops depth and human realism. The initial skepticism of children's foreign exchange claims turned out to be bad - and as soon as there is a threat that all conflicts within society will disappear. This unification of the purpose and validation of "problem" teenagers becomes official when Ante Corsaut's father penetrates school to obtain fire extinguishers needed to freeze the blob. Another day, the intrusion into school would be considered a vandalism typical of a juvenile delinquent - this is a necessary action by adult authority. This turn is clear that there are no differences between the young and the old. This is an unusual film in that it recognizes the perception of "generational gaps", but it suggests that it is more imaginative than real, and that in the face of the real crisis, people naturally connect to restore order. "Blob" is the perfect tonic for the type of depression that usually comes with viewing "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). <br /> <br /> and effective!) visual effects. They are no doubt smart. The many tricks we see in Blob have been achieved with miniature sets that have been designed to rotate. The camera was typically attached to the sets in a very tight "locked" position (the lights had to be similarly connected so that the lighting remained stable when the room turned in this way and that). These scenes were often photographed in one painting when the room turned slowly - the silicone brush faded very slowly and its action had to be accelerating. Likewise, it resembled the stopping of moving photography, but rather the use of a piece of silicone rather than a puppet. Even today the effects are surprising and bizarre. A very good film with the terrible name BLOB is a must.
