Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others attracted French director Claire Denis to the top spot of the most unique and accomplished filmmakers, and The Intruder 2004 (L'Intrus) adds depth to its portfolio. A cinematic poem that brings a loneliness of loneliness and loss, the film provides insight into the psyche of a person who physically and mentally worsens and who travels to different parts of the world who are looking for redemption and peace, but it is hard to come. Freely based on the memoire of heart transplant, Jean-Luc Nancy, Intruder is a film of so steadfast opacity that even after two views it is difficult to describe it with a non-subjective, impresionist expression. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventy-year-old man who is probably dying of heart disease and who, like Professor of Wild Strawberries Ingmar Bergman, tries to cope with the mistakes of his life while having time. Obviously, he is physically harsh and very wealthy, but he seems to be emotionally exhausted, and the look on his face is a quiet resignation. Even if we see only one episode of violence where he gets out of bed from the night to kill an intruder, it is a sinister sense. It could be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a person who is hit. Whatever the case, he is obviously under some supervision and behaves like a man who has been involved in criminal activities. just now see the consequences. Face close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. She lives with her dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the Franco-Swiss border and has a deceased son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives near with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and two children. In one scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him a fool, but that does not stop him from taking the money. When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, the Swiss border guards who board a trained dog to get rid of some smuggling. When she returns home, is her husband greeted her, asking her to tongue if she has "something to say?" Other than these three people, the people and the circumstances we see during the rest of the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life, and we all meet them in the film for the first half hour: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares medicine, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), a breeder who refuses to care for his dogs when he goes Golubeva) who says he wants the "young man's heart". He is relentlessly pursuing him throughout the movie, but it is apparently only in his mind. In the last part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea for a heart transplant, and Tahiti gives a present to another son who has not seen or seen for many years. His heart transplants, however, seem to be a metaphor for a human being without a heart, a man whose life was fascinating but ultimately insane, interferes with the lives of other people with little real empathy. The Intruder features Stuart Staples's exciting guitar soundtrack from the Tindersticks band, reminiscent of a guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and the wonderful cinematography of Regular Denise Agnes Godard. Godard creates unforgettable images, a mood of desire and regret: the heart beats himself in the snow, the baby in the sling looks at his father for two minutes, the expression of the child turns away from the grumpy to half smile, the colorful streamers blown out of the newly baptized ship, the massage in a dark room with a mysterious Korean masseuse, and a vast expanse of ocean seen on board the ship. While Intruder can be frustrating due to its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond to our own experience, to understand images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is a topic, there may be a sign that tells us what is partly revealed in the film - "your worst enemies are hiding in the shadows, in your heart."
