I accept it at our local festival, where people would often see me as a better source than I could actually be, and I started with my head: "Well, I can not summarize it, but it's really a great study of the character extremely scary person. "Then, a little embarrassed, I came across someone who actually knew what was gone, that is, from whom Trebor unwittingly gets his new heart. It was my last film on a long, long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe I did. The better the movie, the more it raises the rain that really dreamed me. I do not know. I knew O'Henry's pain was painful for my ken when it was over. And he knew it had to do with his heart and hence the silence of a merry talent search. He's got a note about losing conspiracy about the intricacies of Trebor's ties in France, his relationship with a dog, and so on, things that I've been awake. Denis hardly looks at the details that could anchor the treatment of another director. But I write these things too often from memory, especially film festivals, movies I do not have (Le Lait de la tendresa humaine is one of many examples), and the conspiracy of flaps disappears much faster than wider impressions. Still or no longer, L'Inrus is in my mind, among other things, a character study of any kind of dark superman who is not occupied in the genre or in historical passages but is active and trustworthy, relatively spoken, controlled but patient, right among us. The scar, as soon as it reaches it, makes it, visually, I imagine in the picture, a hybrid monster Frankenstein, a mad doctor and a creature in one. Real doctors are his tools. If he does not pull himself and does not install the heart, it's just because it's not possible. It's a power, always a parasite consumes everyone who touches and eventually ends up alone. What else is it? To indicate that it is us, the first world versus the third seems to be too simple because it feeds not only our fellow first worlds, all of us. <br /> <br /> Denise's camera eye - when she looks at things, she knows - it's usually where she's got, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I do not know. Snow trekking, too fast cycling and forest darkness that I know in small ways, but the southern sea is not at all, so I got better into L'Intruse, both France and the crystalline islands of its surface than to Beau. L'Intrus is a very comfortable, uncomfortable movie for me. It is a sequence of places that are known with confidentiality that allows us to know whether we have seen reality or not. The only film, Trebor's cycling, his huge weight on a thin racing frame, sounds of disturbed air and tricky tires, asphalt ribbon, dark bright sun always buries me that the film will be a linear, road trip, a single warfare. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, it's human failure. No matter who he is, he's alone, though he was not always. His body breaks life twice, first needs a new heart, then through it. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is a hubris. <br /> <br /> I'm dangerously navigating the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it.
