"Intruder (L'Intrus)" is a visual journey in a mysterious life. <br /> <br /> Grizzled Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" as Jason Bourne as an old man with a hidden past, living in an isolated hut in the woods for legitimate paranoid reasons (but attracts nice young women who may be useful to him ). We learn more about it through dreams, memories and paths that can evolve chronologically or not, as well as its steep interactions with family, lovers, business partners and prominent nemesis. Like the "The Limey," the film resonates with motherly / child regret and suspicious past revealed through clips of an old film with the same actor as a young man (Paul Gégauff's 1965 adventure film "Le Reflux" here). <br /> <br /> In contrast to moods, we meet his son, Sidney (Gregor Colin), who must be the northernmost man in the world, because he makes sweet and seductive housekeeping and cares for a child, toddler and every need of his working women. Certainly director / co-author Claire Denis has to create it as a female fantasy if it has ever been one and a lesson to other filmmakers about filming a prelude. There is another widespread scene where he seeks his father in the woods while carefully carries his angelic baby in a sack. It's all he does not have, and he has all the relationships his father can not keep; no wonder he thinks his father is a "madman". I spent the rest of the film in horror, that something bad happened to him, because the true nature of his stolen father's heart is gradually taking place in front of our eyes. The film is a puzzle, but Subor is ruthlessly fascinating when we watch him go through the country and negotiate unfair deals, and the voice story for Denis' Beau Travail is just as unpleasant. We have to come from the facade and random signs that travels to Geneva, Korea and the South Pacific. Time lag is indicated by period changes and scarring and healing. There are plenty of water images for cleaning and distancing. <br /> <br /> Continuing the fascination with the morphing of colonialism into globalization as well as playing a bit on the stereotypes of the mysterious Orient and the Russian criminals, Denis has incorporated elements from Tahiti by Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gaugin and Marlon Brand idol and a 40-page memory of a French philosopher Jean-Luca Nancy, the last title and heart transplant used for the ironic motif of limited immortality that has consequences. While "Louis" thinks he has managed to cross borders, rules and morals, there is some amusement in the last act because the locals do not know what to do with him and try to help him solve his quizzical odyssey, . <br /> <br /> Several people left the audience frustrated at the elliptical but strikingly beautiful story-telling method. An unconventional story raises many questions about details.
