Sammo Hung is the film's Pedicab driver film of 1989 considered by many to be his masterpiece. To some extent, I have to agree that the film, in its largest parts, really becomes incredible and fantastic, as it has ever had a film in Hong Kong. It's a combination of very good and well-written drama, interesting and sympathetic (and also un-sympathetic) characters, some really humorous humor and really supernatural hyper kung fu, which guarantees that many jaws drop when someone is not known with a Hong Kong movie film as well as experienced enthusiasts of the unique industry. Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle of the last century, I think. They drive their cabins and they are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), while Max one day meets the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, who falls in love with madness. Many other characters will also appear and remain clear at all times when the viewer really focuses on the film and its plot, so I can not say the movie is confusing because it can be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we will learn, for example, that the ruthless gangster family is terrorizing the neighborhood and, of course, that violent acts affect our protagonists, creating a prerequisite for some of the most popular choreographic combat sequences of the kungfu. Just like some pretty drama. The movie has a great cast. The guides are very good and restrained (not as a painfully horrible actress and humor such as Samm's otherwise magnificent Eastern Condors (1987)) and are also very decent and easy to identify thanks to the carefully written scenario. Cast includes many well-known film faces of HK and small role directors such as Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary director and film director as Savior of Soul 1 and 2, Ninja on Dragon Day and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2). Master Wow The Killer and Ringo Lam's School of Fire and Fire Prison, a number of others, Pedicab Driver Included!), veteran Shaw Liu Chia Liang (Sammy with a furious fight with the sticks) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (the late HK Noir classic director on the Run since 1988), the late Lam Ching Ying (best known for his friendly face in the various horror of HK vampire / kung fu / comedy) can name only a few. In fact, casting in the Pedicab is one of the most exciting things I've seen in any other HK production. The film has some interesting peace moments, especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen, and one crisis they face through the character of Lowell Lo. It could really make a whole lot of seriousness if they wanted to, because the discussion about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you did for life, takes so much serious and effective film in the middle so much more remarkable than our average kung fu shareholder. Also, the efforts of other characters to heal things are very moving and joyfully telling about the right human relationships and friendship and, of course, about love. Yet I think what Fennie tells Max (about the future "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and the tone of the potential of the whole segment and its topics down quite efficiently, unfortunately. But then we get to the things most interested in filmmakers. What is action, abominable and overlapping action. Combat scenes include traditional kung fu, some chopsticks, meat juicers and the like, and are used here as hysterically as the most thoughtful blowing scenes of kung fu I've seen in any movie, Drunken Master II (1994) by Jackie Chan, are really cool ! There are wires and they are very handy and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they kick or go. Simply amazing and again something that can only be provided by Congress in Hong Kong. Dangerous stuntmen also give the viewer their breath because the film has one quick series of cars and pedicabs and various dangerous-looking jumps and circular bodies flying through the air and pushing for a hard target. Still, it seems that the filmmakers did not "accept" the violence of the film because Sammo, like the late Bruce Lee, is willing to go after the final murderous contempt in a gangster villa, and I think this kind of morality, no matter how obvious or shallow, is a good thing even in a harmless film like this, because the cinema has to be far more than just fun. The film also has some very humorous pieces of humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would ever understand or like. The merry star warrior at the beginning is definitely among them and literally forced me to laugh when I realized what I see. Also some of the fun scenes are created from Samm's Passion for Ping. And yet the biggest laugh of laughter came in the scenes depicted in the former pharagraph as the image of the big and tall men who fly with great force through the screen to the walls or the furniture is simply INSANE and so fascinating that I just can not hide my feelings and thoughts on these Eastern filmmakers, when I see something like that, and it's nothing but positive and appreciating the reaction of course. Pedicab Driver is one of the most amazing action movies in Hong Kong I've ever seen and it's easy to make Sammo's greatest achievements. If there were not a few shortcomings, it could be even clearer and higher. 8/10
