It's a fine and easy comedy in the 1950s. Kim Novak belongs to one of the witches in Manhattan. She gives a spell to Jimmy Stewart's neighbor from boredom, but ultimately falls in love with him, loses her strength. You see, witches have a vacation of "hot blood," but they do not love it. Elsa Lanchester is the aunt of Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, ditto. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing witches. I described it as a comedy in the 1950s because it is hardly wrong with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from decoration, through cabinet and plot to performance and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovack. He is referred to as "drunk and walnut." And it is as the film shows these features. She asks for a second drink and although she always wears a jacket and tie like other gentlemen, her hair is a bit long and torn. This is strictly the version of the 50th drunk years and the matrix. Nothing is out of place; everything is clean and dust free. Jimmy Stewart's sole is barely obscured. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac club where the witches are going. It's called "low dive." Still, it's a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clients, and plants in pots on a bare brick wall. It's not my idea or your "low dive" - ​​even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​diving in Greenwich Village is Julius or The White Horse Tavern or San Remo or Swing Rendezvous, a now defunct lesbian hangout. Zodiac Club is a great diver compared to these groups. <br /> <br /> Kookiness, which we have always heard, is suppressed according to today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is odd because he runs around his apartment on bare feet. And she wears a lot of black clothes like the Beatniks of that time. <br /> <br /> But it does not matter. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive artistic workshop for refugees. It has a strange beauty, voluminous and ethereal at the same time. It slides rather than walks, it is a wise presence. Her eyebrows seem to be drawn in a set of plastic French curves. And Jimmy Stewart is quite like a confused and enchanted victim. In the thirties he usually played in light roles. In the post-war years and for many of the 1950s he was a tortured hero, but he's interested in his good experience with comedy. Who could resist the laugh when Hermione Gingold forced her to wear a scarf and drank a terrible mixture of liquid to cure him from Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a stooge instead of an angry and indignant principled man who was in danger of happening. Richard Quine directs the film silently, with no fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things the game could not have. Note the scene in which Novak casts a spell over Stewart when the face and ears of Siamese cats seem to blend with surprising eyes from Novak. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before or after. It brings the word "surrealism" in mind. He could imagine five minutes without words and indescribable tricks in an inviolable room that had only Bartok's concert for the orchestra as background. And he made an inscrutable drawing using the figure of Percy Dovetail, an effective poet. Credits jumped over the Condoli brothers, but it is rather informal because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with an independent career in jazz music. Conte was later a member of Doc Severison's band at the late Johnny Carson Show. The third action species disappears a little and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never boring. The whole movie shoots as neatly as Van Druten's play, and the kids will probably kick it out.
