I can watch B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw her at the age of 18, maybe all but one. Miss K. Novak lost her silk charm in almost half a century. Youth Diana Dors. All the thinking young people who are now collecting their pensions can shortly recover their hearts - the grip, the collar - the tightening, the bloody pulsing feelings they felt when looking straight into the eyes back in the days when they were told it was never so good . Now, boys who are cold and afraid of being dressed in their sweatshirts are coming back home as quickly as their arthritic knees can transfer from the Video Shop, quite happy with certain knowledge that within triple comparative safety their fourth-floor tower blocks can only get a small fraction of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is truly eternal. This movie is Miss Novak's Golden Moment. He basically took her and made an amazing sensuality in combination with the hypnotic awareness of her sexual appeal, yet she convinces her character to have a strange and compelling innocence. She completely dominates the friendly J. J. Stewart, who looks resigned to the release of the film. Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer comic relief along with Mr. E. Kovacs, whose special talent is strictly forbidden.Mr J.Lemmon plays Miss Novák's brother. He is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence was recognized by the mainstream. Some of the harder beats appeared as hippies a few years later. Mr Lemmon does not appear to be overly concerned by defining them. But everything else is simply delicate, Miss Nováková - bought in the particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only reason for "a bell, a book and a candle". She survives, her reputation is expanding as the final show of one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Beloved visitors who have ignored criticism, Miss Nováková will continue to be captivated by this mysterious smile all the time when she thinks that old men have the power to push the "Play" buttons on DVDs. One day, probably after we've all gone, we have discovered a new generation that - with a delay - realizes that it is quite possible for a woman to be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
