John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a wonderful and unexpected fantasy about the treaty of today's witches living in New York; it was an obviously attractive film feature. It had a starring role for Gillian Holroyd, for her former publisher of forced love books, Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and circles, including Shep's bewildered fiancé, the hated Merle Kittredge, against whom the chances with Shep Gillian start with a magical magician. He even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat who would get to know the well-timed Mia, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with harsh attraction and bad ways. In short, it seemed to his producer, maybe the box office magic. And so it turned out. Many things were right about his production, he had only one element not perfect; but I found the rest as fun, charming and very consistently entertaining. First, the script Daniel Taradash retained the finest qualities of fine theater play, but he opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinematography of legendary James Wong Howe, a great score by George Duning, more than the clever sets of Louis Diage and Jean Louis Louis. Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's dirty brother, Elsa Lanchester's gorgeous comedy and Hermione Gingold as another witch and beautiful Kim Novak in one of Gillian's most affected parts. Jimmy Stewart was in my judgment an imperfect element; well with the comedic parts of his part, but he was never convincing as a book publisher in New York and somewhat too old for part of Henderson. But director Richard Quine used the subtle lights, the tempo changes, and the extraordinarily complex images that suggested the specialness of the wizard's parts and kept the other parts very clear but clear in their presentation. The main crisis in the movie takes place when, in fact, Gillian falls to Henderson, who does not even believe the witches. She only began to alienate her from her fiancé, her competing colleague. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he's still coming back to her - and realizes she's under the spell because she apologetically tried to explain to him. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was summoned by a magic spell to come to New York to sell the book to Henderson. Of course he does not know anything at all, but he is quite confused and interested in finding out why he has come anywhere; but Gillian's brother is enlightened. Everything will eventually appear in this romantic satire, because Gillian proves his love for Henderson by losing his powers - what happens to witches when they really love the mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to give up. The film has a conscientious dialogue, spell, and a little "magical" in the magic witch and torture spell that Gillian must undergo in his battle with him and win the man he loves. The beautiful ending of this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes her amazing realism, though fantasy, completely in my opinion. Excitingly beautiful.
