The Bell game, book and candle was popular among adult actresses who are supposed to do the summer action and take the road. One famous story told by director Harold J. Kennedy is Ginger Rogers, who insists that her husband William Marshall, who was not an actor, acted with her. Marshall was wearing an obtuse, and as he walked through the door, his toupee caught on his nail and stood behind him, hung in the door as he walked on the podium. The game has successfully adapted to the beautiful color film with Kim Novac, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Pravidel. It's a fun thing about a normally-awaited family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and publisher (Stewart) who lives in his building. The most famous of them is the rough, gentle voice of Gillian, who would like to be normal. One evening with Stewart in his apartment he charms him with his Siamese cat Pyewacket and falls in love with her. "Bell Book and Candle" was shot on a charming ensemble replicated by New York. The movie is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very entertaining in support of Gillian's brother, the Zodiac Club wizard and Warlock. It uses its ability to turn the street lights on and off and to turn on an occasional woman. Janice's rule is perfect as snobby ex-college rival Gillian, now dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a big turn as an eccentric who writes a definitive book about witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always amazing, Lanced Gillian's aunt aunt, and Gingold as a queen of witchcraft. Kim Novak is suitable for Gillian and puts herself in the position of a witch worthy department, showing emotions when appropriate, and with that voice, a wonderful face, and a beautiful wardrobe, she is certainly magical. Stewart, in his last breath as a romantic winner, with Novak will be the same as Vertigo and make an efficient team. It delivers warmth, adds cold, and sparks together. This is, of course, much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A charming movie, suitable for Sunday afternoons, good around Christmas (as part of it is held for Christmas) and great if you feel like smiling.
