Once in a while, you come to a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the real depth of human emotions that leave you. Vivah is that? Maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan, and Lamhey, I really thought Bollywood had reached its peak and never came to anything - EVER. The boy was wrong! I went to the store to buy some food and decided to choose this movie along with the new "DON" (just to compare The Great AB with ShahRukh?) Although the decision has already been made in my mind. After discussing whether I should spend almost 3 hours on a senseless movie, I decided to watch that I realized I had nothing to do. When I saw the rating U instead of A, I was happy that at least it's something that I do not have to look at almost dressed women with bad acting skills that do nothing but dance on every occasion they get, guy to show they have in bed more skills than Hollywood actress B. In the first 5 minutes I thought I would again get a nonsensical story with bad gaming. After all, everyone who saw Shahid Kapor knows he has never won his glory as a perfect actor. Boy? I was wrong about this movie. This movie grabbed my interest in the first 5 minutes and never let it go. It was a great movie with a good story about the traditions of our society. I did not like the director being so brave he was filming a movie where the young generation might not relate to a concept (an agreed marriage), but that it did so with conviction (that's the right thing). I have no idea why some people think that acting is not good. I felt that acting was great, and although the musical score might not be considered the best, it was very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people with time as it did with me after watching this movie for the second time. The other good thing is that those songs are not pushed into the script, as we all have seen in so many films. These songs actually tell a great deal of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan went from a joke to a big actor (after a company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this film will help Shahid Kappor to jump on Bollywood's better actors and entertainments. This is his first film in which I like and his role. He behaved well and adapted himself to being a nice-looking young rich child. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on dunk, as you have seen ShahRukh in DDLJ (although he has proved to be an Indian in England - both countries are not big on Basketball), he finds himself very credible as a person who respects his values . Amrita Rao first encountered someone who remembered. In all of her other films she competes with big faces that actually prevent her. No one knew how she really was a real actress until she was able to watch this movie. Some scenes in which the cry especially to the end really show her knowledge and depth of action. Although she was in other movies she is most memorable in this. I think this movie will and should do miracles for her. Go over Rani? there is finally another girl who would give you a decent chance to work with good directors who can take you from the vagina. She is beautiful with a big voice and has a face that radiates complete innocence. Oh, that you have almost 0% of body fat will not hurt (yes, people who think you can find even 0.1% of fat on it, and unlike many others like Sonali, it can actually work). I thought Madhuri and the early Kajol would never love the beauty of someone, but it completely changed. Shahid and Amrita worked very well and their relationship adapted to their characters and they both had great work (although I waited until Shahid changed to a girl like Salman did every time he told "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I watched this movie, it left me so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (right now). Yes, right now. I never did it. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something that had to be understood again and again. It's likely that this film will be watched over the weekend only so that I can watch and relive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss it when families sit down and have fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what parents believed. I know that many people think that the film does not represent a real life, but deep, we do not want it to happen. Families, traditions, love and respect. That's what this film reminds us of all. I can assure you that this is a great movie you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people do not like this movie, but if you're older than 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
