Absolutely brilliant movie! Jiří Trnka, the master of puppets of animation, faces totalitarianism in this, his final film. In this dark and fun short film, the artist would try to create a new pot for his favorite plant. He happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow a beautiful rose. Suddenly there is a knock on the door and this giant omnipotent hand is coming, trying to force the artist to create sculptures in his form. The artist resists the best, but ultimately he becomes overwhelmed by constant attempts at the hand to force him to adapt. It becomes a brain; intellectual zombies. At this point, he applies his hand to the string artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to make hand sculptures. All the time he celebrates his artistic work and gives him medals and awards. The artist's inner desire to express himself freely is what helps him to dominate his indoctrination and allows him to escape from his prison, whether it be literal or in his mind, and returns to his home where he must now live in the constant fear of the wrath of an all-powerful hand. He closes and thinks that he is out of reach of the all-powerful hand, but in the course of his process he puts his plant and pots high, hoping he is out of reach of his hand and eventually falls on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creature. Everything because of constant fear had to live as he escaped the strings of his hand. Once he is dead, the hand pains the artist as a great person, the national hero. Unfortunately, not under the circumstances or for reasons that the artist would like to remember. Trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society and their lack of the right to freedom of expression are dark, damning and amazingly revived. No wonder the government has banned it because it is the kind of media people admire and perhaps listen to. This, of course, was not acceptable. An amazing example of the artist's civil disobedience and the impact he may have. And yet today it is very relevant for many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. Must See and Define 10 of 10! Talk about going with a bang!
