At first I did not like being a Nazi genre. But after I bought it and saw it was not so bad. I have heard so many complaints that the numbers are short and Ilse Werner is not singing. Now I understand. The radio show was a program of super propaganda. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki, and a group like Kurt Widman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera never appeared in the radio show because the singers and bands were from pop jazz and swing categories. The club leg regulated that for passengers occupied areas for soldiers to short wave waves for soldiers also nightclubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and record sales only. That's why Ilse can not sing in this picture. It was a great example of propaganda. Inge and her Aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the Olympic Games in 1936. Aunt forgets her tickets so Inge must wait until her aunt returns with tickets. He meets Carl Raddiz, who plays Herbert, who has another ticket. It's with him and it's love at first glance. he plans to marry, but the Spanish war is coming in, so he has to go on a task against the right side. Karl Raddatz, how many people complained that it was really nice and not clear. When he did Opfergang and they to him the mustache plus his own tan that he was doing was simply looking for him. You see Nazi soldiers act normally as a scene in which the ex-mask and his soldiers are in France, and they steal pigs from the farm and prepare lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects the extremism of the rights of Adolph's animals. The figure was a butcher now a soldier. This was a fine suppression of meat dishes. Late in World War 11, Herbert flies on a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots to take Herbert. We shoot his plane. They collapsed. Unfortunately, they will survive for us. Others saw the Nazi soldiers going to the bomb of the Catholic Church, now giving the Catholics down, and Hubert 's best friend Helmet played by Joachim Brennecke, begins playing the organ, Beethtoven,. The church is a bomb, the more the soldier is still staying and playing the organ he is about to say he left. Eventually we'll hurt him. Promotion report? The Catholic Church authority causes it to become addicted to it. He hurt him. See? By this time, Inge was either her mother or grandmother, played by Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress Grandma, who played Aunt Maria Holst in Weiner Blut. For example, a short look at the radio show later appears. It was not intended to be a musical revue, such as Kora Terry released that same year was just like Rosen in Tirol, the music and their Party of War was so should be just a back drop. It was mostly a wartime romantic film. It is easy to take the pots to the soldier in the movie, but in real life many soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of work and the monthly wage they receive. After the war, many of those who survive would regret it. This is a good classic with a swastika. The only problem is that you now have neo-Nazi and Nazi skin heads watching the same films to reflect their worship of Hitler and theirs. They have disturbing websites that use these classic movies to get money for their madness. Be careful, it's mostly just classic hatred. If their script seems to be celebrating him, then his Nazi websites omit it. Go to IHF or German war films dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are legitimate. 23.2.10 Mada was the mistake of not being Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. She was a friend of character Malte Yager Schartzscop.
