First I would admit that I am a huge fan of The Dandy Warhols and that's why I watched this movie. The uniqueness of this film compared to other modern rockumentaries is that it's not just a single page of the band's history (like "I'm trying to break my heart", about Wilco), but rather a long period of band history. In this film, director / producer Ondi Timoner has submitted to friends and rivals The Brian Jonestown Massacre (BJM) and The Dandy Warhols (DW) more than 8 years (1995-2003) and shot a massive 1500 hours of raw video, 1:45 PM DVD release will contain much more material than the original movie). The result is amazing - there are no fillers - the film is 100% pure and original archive footage, which gives you the feeling that the film moves you live with a band all the years. <br /> <br /> Both bands at the beginning of their career promised to "make a revolution" in musical creation and not sell their soul to the devil of the "recording industry". However, their journeys differed rapidly - The Dandy Warhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became relatively popular (especially in Europe) after a single album, while The Brian Jonestown Massacre (with its self-diagnosed tied leader Anton Newcombe) dissolved in oblivion is displayed in the movie). And the film follows the descent of Brian Jonestown, which is contrasted with the rise of The Dandy Warhols. At first I was delighted with the film and his approach by telling the story of Anton Newcombe (for example, Courtney Taylor - the leader of The Dandy Warhols - a narrative), but after some thought I realized that there was something wrong with this movie. First, with Anton Newcomb, the disappeared person. The project began in 1995 as a documentary about several promising emerging groups in which Anton Newcombe and Ondi Timoner were equal partners (that is why Ondi Timoner had instant access to both bands). It was Anton Newcombe, who brought The Dandy Warhols to the project. Eventually, he was completely ignored as though he had been excluded from the project. Everyone talks about BJM but does not take part in the discussion. I think he was not even informed when the group started the final editing process. There's always both sides of the story, and here we have only one ... Of course, as one might expect, Anton will not approve the end result and see this movie as the betrayal of his former friends. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the movie is very Dandy Warhols-taken. Certainly, the winner takes everything but the fact that Courtney Taylor tells (though it seems to be a good choice - it gives a sense of seemingly closer engagement) and that the band's late history is represented disproportionately (BJM is covered until 1997 and DW - by 2003), does not add objectivity to the film. <br /> <br /> Third, the film is (somewhat) shallow. What does she want to teach us? As one critic said, "... the film examines the old questions: where does the genius fit into the commodified world, can it thrive and get its maturity, or must itself destroy itself to preserve its integrity?" No, this question is not being investigated! It is the story of a brilliant but unsuccessful musician, narrated by a less brilliant but successful one, who relies on self-consciousness and the eternal cooling of an ego larger than the mountains. <br /> <br /> The movie was fun - it's raw, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's ... just damn interesting, at least for fans of DW or BJM. For the rest of the crowd - I do not know ...
