Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both guided in their own bands; Anton with The Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; his relationship of love of hatred. Sometimes you hear them praising each other, but in a second they complain about how stupid and absorbed they are. While Dandy Warhols went to commercial success, BJM still stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason. <br /> <br /> Focus Dig! it's more about Anton and BJM because they have a lot more stuff. They are the most functional band. During the concerts they will fight and drive back. Anton will strike other members if they feel they are not working properly. With the amount of drugs and alcohol they consume, there is always a fight. You know how people go to car races to find out if there's a huge car crash. that's why people go to concerts, matches. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. He always thought he was a musical messiah, he wanted to change music and create a revolution, but he would never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, it is amazing how many tools he can play and with such skill. But his return is that he can not survive from the world he has created; a prolific musician, alcohol and black hole depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhol had their own troubles. They were not successful with the first album and were constantly fighting the record label. But in Europe, they have found tremendous success. But Courtney is still sucked into the world of Anthony. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney had what others needed. Courtney wanted to be always musically talented as Anton, though Anton did not say that, he needed the commercial success Dandy had to do for his revolution. During the seven-year course, the film crew watched these two bands have lots of records. Dig is never a boring moment. He's constantly moving because he does not have time to slow down because he has something to say, the seven-year narration story in 1h 45mins is hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a great job in compiling one of the best music documents that will always make you want more. Even if you do not like bands, they still deserve viewing; exceeds music and reveals a great story about a successful failure. <br /> <br /> You are not disappointed.
