An excellent documentary film, seemingly about friendship and subsequent rivalry between the two retro rock'n'roll groups of the West Coast: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. What really turns out is the portrait of the border psychophore Anton Newcombe and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, there is almost no music for a musical document. What is - the abduction of songs, more often than artists suppressed - are rather random than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but rather about the particularly American version of the British myth about cartoon lifestyle, ie, that no one should take responsibility for acting as corrupt adolescents full-time. Tracks, drugs, violence, gross dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic level - all this is justifiable or positively encouraged because it is consistent with some common understanding of what rock'n'roll is. As a movie, it's a top-class document, but it raises other questions than it answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and nasty (and wild and nasty), his music never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his 60th idols (The Stones, Velvet, etc.) For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments, he never bothered to learn to play one of them at the most basic level. Similarly, the ambition of Dandy Warhols is based on the vision of rock'n'roll, which is amazingly fossilized in 1969. Naturally, of course, it is not obvious with pastes, but there is definitely more musical life than the constant caricature of the late 1960s. Why do not they risk their music - how did their roles do? Because, he suspects, this is not about music. Music is just an addiction, support or excuse that leads to a totally dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the obvious answer is: make a lot of money and be famous. Big deal. Anton Newcomb case is more interesting. He's obviously very talented, but every time he gets the chance to reach out to a wider audience, he sabotages, usually the most dramatic. He is frightening of success and deeply hate someone else who has him - especially his former friends Dandy Warhol. Fascinating film. Highly recommended.
