A documentary about two rock bands that lasts for many years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. Special is the study of complex contrasting personalities and ironies of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the main man of the Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most of the people who have worked with him. It's sad that he and his band members are not able to connect with the real world. Newcombe selects matches with band members on stage or with audience listeners (arrested at one point for literally kicking a fan's head). Does Newcombe know no limits? plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM music, produces enough songs to fill the whole album in a single day, has an obsession similar to a prophet with his own musical genius, but is also a heavy drug user, fights into the smallest compromise of his own artistic integrity, orders the members of his band as if they were the lower forms of life, and can distribute stores as fast as he does. Does BJM go through a large number of record labels in rapid succession? they register as soon as they realize Newcombe talent and let them go as soon as he realizes that he is totally uncontrollable. Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe's creativity and not even the same raised ball of size? but the Warhols have something that BJM do not have? the ability to integrate your talents with common sense, the real world and their market? as a stirring pot of talent (though much of it is distilled from guru Newcombe), and accessibility are the very definition of "cool". Dig! followed by the parallel careers of both belts with increasing feeling. At one point, Newcombe pulls stunts to generate publicity by sending out apparent threats of death and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults like a soapy "clean up your act")? only he forgets to say that this is a bit, and they are so paranoid that they make a limiting order against Newcombe. At a time when Dandy Warhols will take off in Europe with hits like "Everyday should be vacation" and "Czech like you", Newcombe is becoming more and more isolated. BJM stops and the group breaks when they are arrested for having marijuana? Warhols get drugs at the same time, run out with warnings and even keep the grass. Wider appeal DiG! is that the genius versus availability lessons are much more than two bands or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, however confidential, and will usually only appeal to specialized film fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the band's performances. Newcombe may be largely unrecognized by the genius, and unexpected flashes appear in this film, but nothing newer than the assertion of the people they interviewed to prove it. According to one of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition you burn in hell for being a God, and you can not support it." Newcombe is not pretending? but numerically there are still insufficient people to appreciate it in their own lives, and DiG! has a difficult struggle to correct the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
