I have seen this film on several occasions. One of the funniest things is that I just look at the reactions of the different types of people who look at it. <br /> <br /> Types 1: STATE PEOPLE. A lot of old Japanese men and women go into this movie because they think it's a Samurai movie honest with a lot of swordplay and a medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon as both protagonists begin to debate horror films, while they add habits almost randomly to their sentences, the old people leave, usually disgusted. Type 2: FILM SNOBS. These people think that precisely because the film carries the "Independent" label, it will automatically load the hard-to-follow, overwhelming tears that may or may not be in English. Yet they see it only to praise it later for people to think they are intelligent and cultivated. They are really surprised to see this movie. As soon as the blood begins to spill excessively from anime-inspired sword bits, or a rebellious villain bites the dog with his chickpeas during a phone conversation, these people will be so horrified that they will go out. Several of them stay only to see "how bad it is," and later melt what horrible film it was for their friends. Type 3: HUMAN EXPECTATION OR MATRIX SPECIAL EFFECTS. I apologize for the people, the martial art is so solid in the movie, but Yamasato has no budget for such things. <br /> <br /> Types 4: People Without Expectations. These are people who really enjoy the movie. Whatever they heard about samurai blood, they chose them randomly, or found themselves in a bad mood in alcohol mist, people who would laugh at all the jokes and appreciate the film for what it is: ENTERTAINMENT. This film was not filmed to enlighten or provoke a deep spiritual thought, and that (if I could borrow the boundary of dialogue from the movie) to "really kick the ass". And that's what she's doing. <br /> <br /> So, depending on what kind of person you are, you can have or do not have this movie; But if you are weighing the film for what it is and you can look forward to the surplus of blood and acting, then look at this movie and do not forget to bring your friends.
