I watched this film along with our entire nine-member family. Because my younger brother recently got married, we could join in this way. The film excels with a classic touch of romance of an engaged couple. Fortunately, all Indian locations such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., have been used this time, which has already been visited by most urban planners, thus joining the film. Dialogues are much better than "Umrao Jaan Ada" - allegedly a dialogue-based film. Background music increases the "fine focus" of the movie. Somehow Verein Chopra reminds me of "Kareeb," in which Bhai and to a certain extent is doing justice to this person. The same here, in that the lead couple does not disappoint in any department - looks or acts. Support for cast is too good. I'm rating an actress who plays the role of Bhabhi in the front league. The situations of the family interaction shown are real and you are smiling when you find yourself in the place of one of the characters. The song was too good for scenes and went well into the movie. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for my work from the film to Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman wrong. He did not have any double jumps (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue and no nonsense. You will conveniently watch the movie with your parents, except when you are or will soon be employed. I would like to express the sincerity here that, although Suraj proposes that marriage be between families and not just individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. The film is just about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Art imitating life? "Peripheral characters" are sent to the background, and the only protagonists are leaders. <br /> <br /> Go back, everything was great. Except for the dramatic part. The situation of the tragedy was artificially created. The result, sacrifice and subsequent change of heart are not desirable at all. That is why there is no emotional blow - the very purpose of this event. But the story was filmed from a beautiful pre-marital video into a feature film. But I was still waiting for the blow and it was never. The preaching by Mohan Bahal and later by Alok Nath in the ward was in place and was too great. Perhaps it will help the film's status of tax exemption. But the conspiracy could be more interesting and nonlinear than what it was. <br /> <br /> There was too much question when the movie ended: 1 The movie really ended? 2 Was the movie finished?
