Imagine the situation of Richard, a painter whose true passion is flying. When we met him for the first time, he is seen on a London building that wears his home wings. He tore his canvases and other works at the height of his despair and dressed the flying gear for his jump. When he falls into protective police material, he does not suffer scratches but causes him to the judge who ordered him to serve in the community. Richard, whose relationship with Anna seems to have ended up wrong, has decided to move to a rural area where he finds a place in a large barn that he plans to use to build his own aircraft. Richard ends trying to help Jane Harchard reluctantly. She is a young woman suffering from A.L.S. or Lou Gehrig's disease and is limited to a motorized chair. Jane is extremely intelligent but has a dark page and a salty vocabulary. She uses handhelds to speak sometimes because her speech is not clear. What Jane loves is to lose her virginity at all costs. Jane and Richard meet when they meet, but mutual tolerance will soon make them comfortable between them. Jane, who watches porn on her computer, thinks she will find someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo," who will have sex with her for a fee. When Richard takes her to London, they find the right person. His fee is excessive, but he agrees. Because they have no money, Richard decides to rob a big bank. Unfortunately, things are not going as planned when Jane realizes she can not go through what she wants. Eventually, Richard takes Jane to ride in his roughly built plane for the excitement of his life, something that brings them closer as they help each other. Peter Greengrass has directed this special film, which represents an unusual situation. Jane is obviously not a romantic heroine in mainstream movies, yet she is wearing such a sweet aura that is difficult for her and what she's trying to achieve. Mr. Greengrass shows the philosophical material Richar Hawkins, who wrote for the film. The film does not try to be cute or give a pink image to a young woman affected by an incurable disease. Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching a movie. She's doing great Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem too suitable for this type of comedy. Somehow he has his own problems in the way he interprets Richard. Gemma Jones has some good moments like Anne, Richard's former love. <br /> <br /> "Theory of Flight" shows a good director. Undoubtedly Peter Greengrass will go for bigger and better things.
