<br /> <br /> I'm sure things were not exactly the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as well as in the adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but the film "October Sky" (the book's anagram) is good enough to remain alone. I have never read Hickam's memoirs, but I still can enjoy and understand their film adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of teenage Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which begins in October 1957. It opens with the sound of radio broadcasting and reports on the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see the pictures of the blue-gray town and its people: mostly miners working for Olga Coal. One of the miners listens to the hand transmitter reports as they enter the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as it disappears into the darkness and loses sight of the starry sky above it. Melancholic violin melody with this image loses. Then we got to the showroom because the words on the screen tell us about setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his comrades, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg) talk about football. Soccer scholarships are the only way out of town and work in mines for these boys. "Why are they the only ones going to college," Homer asks. Roy Lee says, "They're the only ones who get the girls." Homer does not play soccer as his older brother, so he is destined for mines and followed in my father's footsteps as my foreman. Until he sees a spot of light that stretches after the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After catastrophic attempt with Natalie Canerday's primitive rocket and his mother's fence, Homer gets the help of a non-human Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about missiles?" Homer quickly excites: "Everything." Her high school teacher Big Creek, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern), strongly supports Homer, and four boys are working on rocket construction in Homer's basement. His father, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste time on rockets that coal mines are the same thing. Coal from mines is used to produce steel and without steel, the earth would be nothing. The complicated relationship between Homer and his father is one of the deepest relationships I've ever seen in the movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer's idea of ​​entering the local Science Fair, with the chance to go to the state and get a college scholarship. "You can not just dream of a trip from Coalwood," Homer said. Homer and his friends are acting on their dreams by working constantly on rockets and improving models with every attempt. Despite many attempts, boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances we want to win the science fair," O'Dell Homer asks in one of their desperate moments. "One million to one," Homer says. "All right?" O'Dell says, "Well, why did not you say that?" The music composed by Mark Isham brings at the same time sadness and hope, especially sad at the moment Homer descends into the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and dreams of getting out of Coalwood. Rollicking the 50s' rock-roll, including The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushes instrumental parts aside to create a mood that contrasts the lives of youth with the lives of miners. The film that photographed Fred Murphy also uses colors to adjust to mood and symbolism. The city of Coalwood, actually shot in Tennessee, is washed by blues, gray and brown. It's as if the dirt of coal has been kept on everything - faces, clothes, homes, and roads. When a pair of bright red cabriolets stop asking for instructions from boys, it's obvious they're out of the world from Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. Miss Riley's missile-design book, which is given to Homer, is red. Red stands out against the blue-gray world of Coalwood to symbolize "exiting," but it is still subtle. Red are the volatile signs of the world Homer has dreamed of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope and pertinence as Homer Hickam that it's hard to believe he's not the real Homer that we see in the real record at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extremely trustworthy as Homer's stubborn father who does not recognize or want to admit that the mine does not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer and all who support him in his rocket building realize that the city is dying. When the community collapses, the only way to stay together is to gather rocket boys' demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things did not just look like the movie, but what would be a movie without an ideal? "October Sky" has just enough to make it a great movie and enough stupidity to make it real.
