October's sky is a very praised film, and it's easy to understand why. The story is easy to understand, and a lot of gestures have taken hold, actors and actresses are doing a decent job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it's a true story. I honestly think that the director's performance is not comparable to the sparks and heat that the original story creates. We do not see any special narration or cinematography; the strength of the film depends a lot on the riveting conspiracy and the difficult situation the young hero is imprisoned in that most of the audience find themselves identified with the characters. We feel that Homer¡¯s desire to get his father¡¯s recognition is to create his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. ¡§October Sky ¨M commemorates the later 2001 Japanese production mini series ¡§Rocket Boy, ¡¨ which might owe some inspiration from this film. In fact, these two works, taken from two different cultures, provide an interesting comparison. When October Sky tells the story of a young man who calls out loud to claim his right to his destiny, ¡§Rocket Boy ¨ offers a stunning description that could sometimes be a critical critique of modern society. They play the outstanding actor Yuji Oda, ¡§Rocket Boy¡¯ focuses on three ordinary men what it can be: a travel agency that has the dream of becoming an astronaut, a boasting advertising agent who is on the verge of breaking his complex from inferiority resulting from the extreme success of his father and elder brother (as well as what Homer feels in his family) and a food company employee who is going to marry but fear of that thought. Gathered social consciousness overlaps its definition of success with its ingredients and steps to make them reassure their dreams by claiming them "unfounded". To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in a tour operator because it is | called ¡§Galaxy.¡¨ When his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from his father¡¯s words that have chosen to be a seaman, but later found life at sea less attractive he assumed. "But I do not like it," said his father Kobayashi, "at least I tried." It's his father¡¯s admission that encourages him to step down from his job and ask for astronautships despite the fact that he hurts his feet and needs to move around the wheelchair. Kobayashi's effort eventually fails and returns to the travel agency. But his "crazy" courage inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is working as a space camp guide to allow children to learn more about astronauts. After the tour, we see that he leaned toward the tree and unwrapped a poster from which he was tearing from the notice board saying: ¡§Astronauts Wanted for 2004. ¡Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper and laughs and laughs as the child looks on his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he dares his fate and he¡¯s just doing it. ¨ This series is so heartfelt, not because the hero has some heroic deeds, but his commonality and unstoppable urge to realize his dream is of interest to us. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show will illuminate us and teach us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have a dream, and they do what they can, despite other people¡¯s views. I recommend other IMDB users to see a Japanese TV series. If you are nine, you will be more concerned. I'm sorry that the IMDB does not have its data, maybe it may ask you for help from someone from Japan.
