Based on this, it is a story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), growing up in a coal city in West Virginia, where the ordinary boy had the fate of "ending up in mines". But Homer's eyes were in the sky and the love of flying missiles, the horror of his father's mining monster, and the horror of the city's inhabitants in general. Totally unfortunate, he and three of his equally well-known buddies are starting to produce rockets that fly from barren soil eight miles from the city to no longer be terrorized by the community with their often suppressed rockets. Unfortunately, most cities and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are losing their time. However, people become biased and soon begin to come out in their predators to watch the 'Rocketboys' transmit their home rockets. Only one teacher (Laura Dernová) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they can become contestants at the national science fair with scholarships for university students. Now the gang needs to learn how to perfect its craft and overcome the many problems it faces when shooting at the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been known for his films as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3, and "October Sky" is certainly over all his other films. Without doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and, of course, his best film. It's not just a real story shot extremely well, but even as a movie, it has everything it takes for a top-quality cinema. And along with the extraordinary direction of Johnston, there are some exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this movie was released and gave a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper, like his father, also gives very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dernova and looks beautiful too. Even the other performances are extremely good. The background rating was fine. Highly inspiring film that will lift your spiritual sky high. One of those films that surely inspires you throughout your life. An amazing inspirational film along with a lot of fun. We must not miss it.
