A simple and effective film about what life is, to answer the challenges. Homer and his friends were very sorry to be able to grow up in the male without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that runs from father to son to become a miner in a local mine and never get out of it. Homer and his friends also took three different challenges to defeat a personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, Soviet satellites, a milestone in the history of mankind, the point of turn that Homer and his friends could not miss were not missed. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and design rockets from the beginning or rather than what they could gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists and rejects and tries to force you back into the pack, even in the event of a premature accident that forces you to return to the package for the necessity of survival, and even then Homer showed he had the courage to accept the challenge , who for a moment blocked his own plans and dreams. There is, however, another page of the story that the film does not have enough emphasis. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the inspiration he and his friends need. If one gets a college scholarship because his friends prefer him, his friends will also be able to get on their own roads and tracks and get off the mining destiny, thanks to the energy that his inspiring example sets before their eyes. It is sometimes difficult to follow the example of who is like a beacon on a difficult journey. But the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream, because science was not the fabric of a real man like mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was present in the fifties and sixties of the last century and is still present in some areas, is too often forced by the father's traditional thinking. If a mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes a tremendous trap. Even here the film is effective and parents should think. This was the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge he had taken on a journey that was not the one his own father had targeted and programmed. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
