There is an old saying about an exciting new movie, Joe Johnston, which says: "The man who thinks he can, and the man he thinks can not, is right." This is a very extraordinary statement about the self-control and conviction of an individual who becomes true in this film even after road blocks and family problems stop. <br /> <br /> "Oct Sky", a young man who believes in himself called Homer Hickam, grew up in a strict, traditional family in the 1950s. Homer loves coal mining in a small town where almost every man grows up as a miner. All his friends, Quentin, Roy and O'Dell, all think their life after high school will be like everyone else. Homer is not omitted by this future. One night, when everyone is looking at the sky, a Russian spacecraft called Sputnik will run. This is something new to Homer, and it will find it magnificent and stunning. From this moment on, his view of life will never be the same. <br /> <br /> First of all, he says he wants to work in the field of rocket sciences for occupation. Damn what he says, his family delivers this idea overhead and continues with their lives as usual. But his friends think that this idea can have some potential. After all, Quentin is a very clever individual with regard to such a thing. When four friends begin to test model missiles, and to throw a white plot fence on the smithereens, then what the forest fire seems to be afraid of are forced to end their progress. <br /> <br /> The performance in this movie is absolutely boring from beginning to end. All actors give a performance as if it were a real mumbo jumbo. She is in full fame: Laura Dern as Miss Riley. This may well be the award of the academy material if judges can remember until the beginning of the year when the film is released. <br /> <br /> The characters are also very well developed. Not only for filmmakers, they give a clear and obvious reason why Homer is interested in this subject, but they also explain to viewers how they did in their rocket studies. We clearly understand all the motives and beliefs of the characters, especially the father who is inclined to an eternal tradition. Unfortunately, the film loses part of its dynamics at half-point due to the silly, recycled, romantic land that included Homer's love interest and how his brother stole him from him. This type becomes so horrible in musical films, not that the film is aimed at undergraduates. Actors look at each other hopelessly, like the trance. I tried to do this without complaining about "Inventing the Opaque" in 1997, but I had enough. But that's just a small complaint. With an authentic aspect of the time period, cinematography stands for Oscar and Clips of Real Life Homer and friends at the end who all struck it with their dreams, especially Homer, it's the first big film of 1999. <br />
