It is a strange feeling to sit alone in a theater occupied by parents and their parents. I felt like I should get NAMBLA membership instead of a film ticket. <br /> <br /> Based on Thomas Rockwell's eminent book, how to eat Fried Worms begins as a story of every child: moving to a new city. New boy, fifth grader Billy Forrester was once popular but must start again. Friendship is never easy, especially if the only prospect is Poindexter Adam. Or, Eric, who is 4 1/2 feet tall, is giant. Another complication of the matter is Joe Tyrant. His furry face and sleeveless shirt are daunting. He's kidnapping kids with the Death Ring: The Crackerjack Ring, which is said to kill you if it destroys you. But not immediately. No, the lethal ring unleashes the poison that kills you in the eighth degree. Joe and his axis of evil welcomed Billy by smuggling a handful of slim worms into his thermos. As soon as Billy appears, she plays cool and swears she worms her all the time. Then he puts them on Joe's face. Ewww! To win, Billy reluctantly bet he can eat 10 worms. Fried, boiled, marinated in a hot sauce, thawed and spread on a sandwich with peanut butter. Each meal is called an exotic name, such as Radioactive Slime Delight, in which children eventually live their dream of microbial living. If you've ever met me, you will know that I have an uncontrollable cordial laugh. I felt as if a scream of laughter of toddlers had been exhausted, which had hurt his "little bird". But Fried Worms is wonderfully disgusting. Just like G-film Farrelly Brothers, it's both vomiting and gorgeous. Writer / director Bob Dolman is also a savvy narrator. To increase bets, the worms must be consumed by 19:00. Besides, Billy has a dark secret: he has a very sensitive stomach. <br /> <br /> Dolman also has a distinct sense of perspective. With such precision, he draws on childhood uncertainty and the tendency to exaggerate space dilemmas. If you should hyperbolize this movie as children do their problems, you will see that it is mainly about war. Freedom-fighter and freedom hate puberty boys as a pawn in proxy wars only to learn a valuable lesson in unity. International leaders can learn something or two about world peacekeeping from Fried Worms. At the end of the movie, I was pleased to see two chaperoning mothers behind me, looking at each other and agreeing, "It was a great movie." Great, I do not have to register anymore in any legal databases anymore.
