When I watched the commercials for this film, I was quite convinced that I would be nasty. One thing was one of those "loosely based on movies," which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to be associated with the film. Worse yet, only the most common ghosts that can be imagined appear on the trailer (for example, the baby shakes the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So when my brother argued that it was a movie "must see" the season (of course he thought the same thing about "Cars", "The The Hedge", "The Bully", "Monster House", etc.) than excited. But once in the theater, the film got me for many reasons. First, and more, writers capture the "childhood dialogue" better than just about any other childhood movie I've ever seen. The first example of this is immediately when the boy's chief accidentally drives a worm stuck in an egg omelette. The boys make a chubby, overly exaggerated idea of ​​the main lecturer, making them realistic because all the little children mistakenly think they are doing great mockery of their teenage martyrs. Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say," alright oop "?" Another boy responds: "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughed. It was not a very funny duplicate, but it was exactly the kind of thing the young child would have come to, and that was a note that other children of his age would find themselves merry. As if to confirm this, my brother laughed as they spoke on the screen; I could even hear his voice emitting the same exact lines if he was in a similar situation. Another reason the film works is that writers can work on issues such as bullying, sibling, a new child at school, and mutual pressure / consensus without one of them seeming to be a subplot for some after school special. For example, bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; it's certainly bad, but not pure evil, and it's obvious from his home life that the audience feels sympathy with him and understands his bullying. There is no such moment when Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes what a complete tool he has for his younger brother, Woody, and yet there is some kind of minor transformation at the end of the film. There is some realism here in the way the characters solve the situation and the way they relate to each other, and very few of it appears to be naughty. The only downside to the film comes in the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the makers of the unknown McDonald Dance Party in Mac and Me would mock. Why oh why was it loaded into the movie? Has Austin Rogers (Adam) brought Macaulay Culkin and refused to take the role if he was not given a vehicle to present his tremendous dance skills? The whole sequence definitely did not have to be there and had a little less comical value than any given show on "The Channel History." Overall, however, this film was excellent and the length of an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic movies with live action events you've ever seen, whether you're around children or just remembering what a child is like.
