I've never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of the seat and laughing constantly for the whole movie. I never thought that such terrible behavior existed, that it was all too fun. The story behind the film is decent, but movie scenes are not showing them. I've never seen such a silly movie in my life, which is why I think it's worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 because it was the most pathetic movie ever created, this movie seems to have been created exclusively to become waste. I think the scenes look so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them." You get a kick, only when you look at this misleading film, me and my friend could not stop making jokes during the movie, a darthvadera boy trying to get a girl got on a date not once, but twice and the other, it sounded, as if sh! # although he does not speak English lol. If you look at this film, you think about yourself that all the other movies you did not like were obviously much better than that. This film should be seen from curiosity as well as what film DEFINES lame. The evil snake met this girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil snake just yelled and screamed and let her get away every time. The evil serpent had so many chances that it is as if God is trying to tell you to hurry and eat the girl how many miracles you want. Does the transition between scenes leave me thinking that I miss something? So much plot of holes from the scene to the scene. I laughed like a fool when they decided to "escape to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Hmmmm hopping the border will save you from the snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting ... I think skipping the borders solves all the problems. Another scene that made me very stupid ... first met and had a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and did not even know ... the scene was so cliché and in other movies there was no substance it could look logical but I think JUST MET, even though they are reincarnation, the feelings there were as if they immediately loved each other instead of developing. Anyway, this film is worth seeing because of opening eyes and seeing the light. Bad films from Hollywood will look like heaven in comparison to this. Finally, watch that you are bored, you will be accused of criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
