When we talk about the Hollywood Hotel, we can talk about one of three things, a real hotel, a radio program, and this movie, which was partly inspired by the first two. Dick Powell hosted Hollywood Hotel on the CBS radio network, where Louella Parsons uncovered a weekly spoon on the stars. Powell and Parsons debuted in the Hollywood Hotel program in 1934, so in 1937 it had a fair share of the radio audience. Powell hosted, sang and sang with Louela and her movie stars. With the power she had with her pillars, she managed to get different stars to go out and join her latest movies for nothing. Then the American Federation of Radio Artists entered and asked to pay wages and win the case. This ended with the Hollywood Hotel program in 1938. Of course, Powell and Louella went to other radio stations. The whole story is contained in the book by Tony Thomas, The Films Of Dick Powell. But before the plug was pulled out, this film came from Warner Brothers' home studio, inspired by the radio program. Powell plays singer / saxophonist Benny Goodman, who signed the Hollywood contract. But when he gets to Hollywood, he gets tangled with film star Lola Lane, her upright double sister Rosemary Lane, and Alan Mowbray's acting ham. When Mowbray is called to sing in the epic of a civil war he does with Lola Lane, it's Powell's voice they use. Then Mowbray develops a problem with Linon Lamont when he asks to go to the Hollywood Broadcasting Hollywood radio program. It has a studio in tizzy. Let's say the problem does not solve the way he sings in the rain, but Powell's manager Ted Healy turns out to be inventive. Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer are really nice for the movie. A great musical song comes right at the beginning, while Benny Goodman singer Johnnie Davis sings Hollywood hymn, Hooray for Hollywood. But my favorite is Powell and Rosemary Lane sings, I'm like a fish out of the water. Just listening to Johnny Mercer's lyrics about Ginger Rogers, led by Brooklyn Dodgers or Sally Rand without her fan, is a compendium of American popular culture in the 1930s. Busby Berkeley does choreography here and while the movie is not. You did not have the exciting imaginary things his previous work with Warner Brothers has, the numbers are well presented. Berkeley's big moment is in the drive where Powell and Healy were forced to take up work. The number starts with Benny Goodman from Hollywood, who makes Let It Be A Lesson To You and then on Drive-in in Powell, Lane and the whole site starts joining the song to the upset of Edgar Kennedy's owner. And you know what you can expect from Edgar Kennedy's exaggeration. Benny Goodman shows up why he was named king of swing, when a band with drummer Gene Krupa and Xylophonist Lionel Hampton as part of his ensemble. That's what we sing with Frances Langford. Perhaps the last surviving member of the group was a man who had a little voice as a radio announcer. He died in 2004, but not before he became the 40th President of the United States. Ronald Reagan always told Dick Powell and Pat O'Brien that they were two of the guys at Warner Brothers who were the most useful eager young player who wanted to make his mark. The Hollywood Hotel is a wonderful and entertaining film, dated but charming.
