"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" that somebody won a competition, including a film shoot in Hollywood, just to find a road in the star with either paved pitfalls or nonexistent. In fact, as I watched this evening at Turner Classic Movies, I was wondering if the authors of the later "Singing in the Rain" classics might have taken some of their ideas from "Hollywood Hotel", the most notably lively starring lady star in the movie study and conclusion about one person who sings a movie score while another person gets a credit by speaking on the screen. "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of filmmaking of the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, playing alone (and despite some of the negative comments I've seen, she has a very encouraging personality on the screen and natural control of her lines). He's not the only real person in the script. Makeup designer Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to create one character similar to another. This film was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan, the premiere of the film. Reagan likes a lot in his short scenarios - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell is going to take over the microphone when he should be used with more important people. Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a contest and leaves his work as a saxophonist in the band Benny Goodman. The beginning of this movie, by the way, is quite impressive, as the group went to the truck show to make a goodbye to Powell. They finally sing "Hooray For Hollywood". Interestingly, the text was omitted. In Johnny Mercer's lyrics, links to such a Hollywood as Max Factor, make-up king, Rin tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original song lyrics were called Tyrone Power. It is obvious that Jack Warner and his brothers will not promote Fox's 20th-century head of household, and the name Donald Duck has been replaced. Anyway, the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra in their best form. Also appeared five minutes later part of the film, where the band tries. Powell leaves the group and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood just to find out that he is a contracted player (probably for musicals including saxophonists). He is met by Allen Joslyn, studio journalist (owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad man, but he is busy and tends to separate people unless he needs to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room at Hollywood Hotel where Lola Lane lives with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her sensitive, if she is a cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing in the Rain," except that her voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is one "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, the scene steals several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when not wrapped in his ego) is fully aware of it. When she settled down for her extraordinary role she refused to attend the premiere of her newest film. Joslyn finds two times for her (Lola's real life sister Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is ready to play star on premiere and follow-up. But she goes with Powell (Joslyn wanting someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads to Powell knocking on Mowbray when the other man makes the pest himself. Otherwise, it is a success, and when two are together, they begin to find each other attractive. Complications deal with Lola returning and slapping Powell in the face after Mowbray complains that Powell was attacked ("and his capuchin gang"). Powell's contract is redeemed. Working with photographer turned agent Ted Healey (in fact it's not that bad in this movie - he even tries to make Jolson imitation at one point), both trying to find a job, end up as employees at a hamburger stand running Bad baded Edgar Kennedy broken food and the singing of customers in the restaurant gives Edgar plenty of time to slow his burns with taste). Eventually, Powell gets a "break" by hiring them to make Dupre's voice singing "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final part of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help Powell show that it's his voice, not Mowbrays. It's a pretty cute and attractive film even today. Worst aspects are due to that time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer acceptable (while attempting to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey inadvertently photographes a porter and mentions that Joslyn will look, Powell is too dark - will they get it?). Also a little with Curt Bois as fashion designer Lola Lane, who is (supposedly) too dressed, is not too bearable. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a little too much (too much time), but it was really popular in 1937. And the incident when Healey almost arrives at the premiere (that was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still the mysterious end of the comic in December 1937. But most of the movie is pretty good and the audience will not disappoint in 2008.
