The film starts with a mentally handicapped girl with bright yellow tresses that look at the sky in Madrid and are a magical plane. The film explores the lives of five women - Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel - who have completely different lives and shoes. Their shoes are the first superficial, yet adjacent to some absorbing meaning, the idea that we will get their fragile identity. In an italy embroidered and adorned way, the pawn tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secret of the female souls underfoot. The assumption is risky and lightly contrasting, but the tone and depth of the film are weighed for good. <br /> <br /> What could be light and superficial, quickly switches gear with an excellent dysfunctional pair of scenes that leaves the viewer riveted for a few minutes, sees love or lack, pain, confusion, hope, needs and escape mechanisms evolving in minutes of different house rooms and down the street and finally down ... What scene (!) But the others will be effective to watch and strengthen the strong characterization and direction shown in this slice of life. <br /> <br /> Moving the woman lost her husband she loved and inherited his children and his taxi while another completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually but not physically. Ghost, waiting for divorce? remorse, regret and reproach. New love? Do you like a darling? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live your life, though it will always be a bit hopeless? Still, is not it exactly the hopes and dreams that keep us in the country and in the spectrum of relative happiness? There are a lot of deep issues and the final act brings together people and ideas together to join in an existential crisis without a clear solution, definitive decision or effective healing. Perhaps an unforgettable thought, a volatile feeling, but a permanent appreciation of life and the art and intellect of the film. Live. Live again. Rewind the winch. Discover real, important; great stones (piedras) of life. The rest is just details.
