Several stories intertwine around various female figures. The shoes they wear serve as an indicator of their problems. All are transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is slowed down and has a limited life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer with problems and loses her friend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) lost her husband and is now bringing up children from his dead former wife. Isabel (Angel Molina) is a bored rich lady. <br /> <br /> Other characters are used to connect the five main female characters. When telling stories, it's not all over at the beginning: Some connections are surprisingly late in the film and it contributes to the experience. The theme of the shoe is put to extremes: For example, when Leire as a shoe designer and works in a shoe store where he steals his shoes, he fails her heels. <br /> <br /> When editing small links between scenes. Telephone rings, lit cigarettes, song, etc. They are used for connection and quick cuts. A frequent change of action keeps it from being bored or reaching TV levels. It is heavily musically controlled to set the tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as the background of stories, and the pictures of these cities are used to expand the story beyond characters. One of the more moving shots is when Anita, who makes the same walk every day, extends his walk and limits his life from the relative calm of his street to the bustling main road: as the visually translated space constraint is well done. As with most Spanish films, many stories are performed visually, using soaplike stories as a simple background. There is a poetic end that is somewhat romantic and sentimental but still beautiful. Because Ramon Salazar is too in love with his own material, he is too long. Some scenes are kitsch and soap, including acting (Adela's love life, Isabel's doctor). The theme of the shoe is exaggerated and is a faint metaphor. This is often compared to Magnolia, because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is technically more competent, but somewhat mechanical. It has more abilities to translate emotion and atmosphere visually. Once you've seen it, you are inclined to move to a new film city immediately: Madrid.
