VIVAH is, in my opinion, the best film of the year 2006, coming from a director who has proven himself well in his career. I'm not very fond of romantic movies because I see them as "old wine in a new bottle" and so predictable. But I've seen this movie three times ... and believe me it's an amazing movie. VIVAH returns to the traditional way and displays simple characters in a sensible and realistic story of the journey between engagement and marriage. The film is fun in all ways because it can reflect on what we do (or we would do) in terms of marriage. In this sense, Sooraj R. Barjatya did his homework well and drew a very realistic story into a well-filmed highly entertaining film. Several sequences in this movie are immediately interesting: When Shahid Kapoor comes to see the bride (Amrita Rao) - the way he looks at her without being too obvious to him and his family. The song "To Anjaan Ajnabi" goes well with the mood of this scene. The first conversation between Shahid and Amrita when she came to see her-that is, Shy Shahid who did not know exactly what to talk about, but attracted a good conversation. Also, Amrita is a naive nature, limited eye contact, shy characteristics, and quietly responding to Shahid's questions. <br /> <br /> * The emotional breakdown of Amrita and her uncle (Alok Nath) as she feeds him on Shahid's side in the form of a bride other than her beloved uncle. <br /> <br /> The film is quite clear that Amrita Rao has all the way. The actress played the role of Poonam with such conviction that you can not imagine someone else replacing her. It looks beautiful all over the film and perfectly portrays the innocent and shy traditional girl. Shahid Kapoor is also a great performer. He will bring promising performance and shows that he is no less than Salman Khan when he comes to play in the film Sooraj R. Barjatya. In fact, Shahid and Amrita make a cute pair on the screen with no shadow of doubt. Other characters - Alok Nath (Excelent), Anupam Kher (Brilliant), Mohan Joshi (Very Good). VIVAH delivers everything she promised, a well-prepared and realistic story of two families. The film has top performances, excellent story and great music that suits the movie, as well as the fabulous work of Sooraj R. Barjatya. It must be seen!
