I recently came back and watched this movie again when I have not seen it for years. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I saw it again, I could not believe what I had missed all these years. Because I can see movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel that music is the best, but I think it's not true. Most people do not realize how good a story is because it's a judge. The truth is, nobody in the movie really tried to act, rather than themselves. The whole main actor just played alone. They did not try to be anyone else but themselves. Actually, I watched and analyzed work and effort into the film. Now, from my point of view, the situation in the movie is based on what was going on in Minneapolis at that time, and that is the majority of the things that have happened, the real events that happened in the Prince's career and who can tell him better than he ? The music that came out of town at that time began to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, especially in the "First Avenue & 7th Ent Entry" club where the prince, in addition to other musicians, got into his career. It is also a well-known fact that Prince and Morris Day has always had a real-life contest, but it was a friendly competition. They have always been friends. So the story basically wins rather the competitive aspect of their rivalry than their friendship, which shows the real competitive side of what happened at the club "First Avenue" for his time. Another reason why this movie is good is because some of the situations that appear in the movie are really based on the events that the prince experienced in his life with the aspect of music and personalities. For me, this made the film much more realistic about emotions, because it says its trials and tribulation to the superstar. In addition, his dedication, which he puts into his mind, is phenomenal. Prince assured himself that every moment in the movie was perfectly executed. Whenever you hear a song in the movie, it's in perfect sync with the situation at hand. <br /> <br /> Prince is in all musical genius and has done so many times. This movie is what Prince has really put on the map officially and has since slowed down. Everyone who watched this movie or still (unbelievably) has not seen it yet when you sit down and watch this movie, you have to watch it or you miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, it will definitely be the movie you watch. On top of what someone else says, I think it's a great movie you can watch and own.
