This is one of the best movies that have been dating from Bollywood for years. Definitely the best this year so far. Indian to heart, panoramic visuals, heart-hearted dialogues and melodic and soft music make this film exceptional. Apt's display of Indian values ​​and culture forces the viewer to find their roots in them and to encourage thought and spirit with feelings of pride and new pursuit of life. This film is intended for viewers who enjoy their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to excite you all through the action on screen, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you because you find that the movie is not full 90 degrees. It's such a simple story for a movie how it can get. But there is the art of the film. One gets real life and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. This is the positive side of life, the sweet things God burned on man, against regression films that insist on showing dons, terrorists and the underworld. These are not things and people who get worse. It is a good that persists and keeps the world running. Of course, every movie genre is decent, but it requires a lot of courage and talent to come up with a film that swims upstream and tries to open the eyes of the public to hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> When he said that, there is more ... The film is the way of a couple of their engagements in their organized marriage - yes, that's true, it's a married life and the couple know each other only through their parents and they will learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between commitment and marriage is a long time, not full of "tempting" events, but one that promotes the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. Together, he learns the importance of his relationship and this invaluable period of his life and works to strengthen marriage ties. But was it enough reinforced? Their relationship will face the test of not only time but also happiness. Will they pass this test? That's what Vivah is all about.
