A substantially underestimated film that tells the story of a young musician caught up in an ever-declining spiral of domestic violence. Sometimes it's difficult to watch while Morris's day is portrayed as a misogynist, Prince as a knight on a motorcycle, is still being asked to twice defeat a woman as part of a screenplay. The fact that he can and still appears to be a wrong, but justified hero is written in writing. Prince is so liberated in this film from an ego who not only identifies himself as a narcissistic megalomania that defeats women, but his most famous song is fictitious, as his father and Wendy & Lisa wrote. Even more, two of his compositions - Computer Blue (probably the weakest track of the album) and Darling Nikki - are shown as songs that kill the audience. Perhaps the only advantage of the prince's ego is the card that lists (somewhat shorter than Prince) Apollonia as 5'6. Almost complete amateur castings are mostly members of the band playing alone (and reviewers who blind actors under conditions that have never appeared in other films, are totally missing this point) and are doing well under leadership. Morris's day gains most of the blessing for his good-looking ham, though Jerome Benton must also get credit for his good jump, especially their script, which is cheerful. Day and Benton even go so far as to make Abbott and Costello routine funny, which does something to do. Finally, there's Prince. While I admit bias, I actually think he's a pretty good actor in terms of being able to portray his little version. His acting is not his job, it was a movie created for fun, so somebody points out that the guy in the lead role is not Robert DeNiro and thinks they are making a point is sadly deceived. I do not want this review to be a nasty attack on other people's comments, but I even shot this film as a low budget and darkly illuminated. How would a film about domestic violence be shot? With full overhead projectors and CGI dinosaur who walk into the frame? Does the film work almost like a perfect shot of neon light and a faint tie of the era? until you remember that it was actually made in the world of curly pens and tin synths, and that's not some retro-recreation. Prince is the best film with Oscar-winning music, sees him on his zenith, and it is sad to realize that, although he would do some good albums, he would never again capture this high.
