Playing a character from literary classics can be a bit poisoned chant for the actors, paying for the pleasure of mass character by competing with the fancy of generations of readers? not to mention numerous other actors who had previously sieged the castle. Fortunately for fans, this version? with nicely occupied Zelah Clark and Timothy Dalton? the head and shoulders stand above the versions that came after him. It is the right time for the story to become a complete justice, and makes extensive use of Bronte's cracked dialogue; none of it in modern harmony, cutting text and adding new and inferior scenes. The charm of the original story lies in the tension created between the central characters and the life circumstances that lead them. I do not? "poor, simple and little" ?? grows up on the shady charity of a cold aunt, its nature and independence in the form of a long spell in a very harsh school. She comes as a governess in Mr Rochester's home, absolutely without a friend and herself. She usually suppresses her duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her touch paper in a strict, strictly intelligent, mysterious master, attracted to her, as she does, by forces outside her control. Rochester is a kneeling tiger, busy "paving the hell out of energy"; potentially dangerous for all who came into contact with him? but "permeable, through one or two". His character is extraordinary: he devotes extraordinary freedom to the subordinate; but Jane is not a regular employee, he sees. But dark secrets and heavy trials lie ahead of both. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue, which has spoken by such perfect actors? Dalton, in particular, appears to be created for passion on the Brontean scale. If you've ever seen him as an immortal Bond, you've missed the best thing to do. Those who commented that his Rochester is too handsome lack the sense of dramatization: his character simply has too much time for a really ugly person to keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or always beautiful, but she often smiles, remarkably as it should be. And Jane Zela Clarke is not a tombstone; she tells the emotions of a woman who usually suppresses her sense of humor and passionate nature, allowing her rare explosions to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago, the BBC was broadcasting an excellent dramatization of the enlightened and most troubling reflection of Jean Rhys to Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea," depicting the story of First Ms. Rochester. Try it? You will never see the "hero" "Jane Eyre" again in the same way.
