The production of BBC "Jane Eyre" in 1983, starring Zelaha Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM), has always been and has always been my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading a book, it's like watching a regular movie you forget next day. But watching this topic is almost equal to reading a book. I was looking at these miniseries a lot when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I paid no attention to how close this television production was to this book. I recently watched Jane Eyre's version of 1996 and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and she did not have many important scenes from my book (like my favorite gypsy scene). Then I fell in love with this "Jane Eyré" even more because it contains all the important scenes of the book and it just tells the whole story (other versions not if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> Casting the Year 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (nice that Butler plays in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but it's as great as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is undoubtedly the only Jane to follow the book's description. Another thing that makes this movie so great is clothing and make-up actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, as Bronte describes it (although it does not look like 18, but she's really paying attention ...) Some people say this "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I'd rather spend all my day watching than to spend 2 hours watching another version. Some say the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or because there is not enough "kissing scenes". I hate Jane Eyre doing a "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate drums scenes. You do not have to include scenes "crazy, madly in love" to show love between Jane and Rochester. Both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that there are no more scenes! I am 19 and many girls of my age refer to this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only regret for them because they do not know their purity and beauty. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century, and the old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like a book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be another version of Jane Ayre that will have this popularity and love. Regardless of who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelay Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
