I recently saw this production on DVD. It's the first time I've ever seen it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. He first feared that it would look old-fashioned and I suppose it was a bit later and very wordy like the BBC's then. (I miss wonderful costume dramas that always seemed on Sunday afternoon). But it's almost as perfect as it could be. I'm a bit of a "Jane Eyre" purist because it's my favorite book and I've never seen another production that's faithful to this book like this. I recently read the book again, and part of the dialogue is just right. When I read the scene near the end where Rochester casts doubt on Jane about what St. Jan, I noticed that their words were accurately reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clark and perfectly executed. <br /> <br /> All other productions that have been made appear to be missing in some way, some even omit the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane completely. I also think it's the only production that includes the correct "Gypsy" scene. Casting is perfect, Zela Clarke is like Jane described in the book "Little Simple and Dark" and I do not agree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton can be a bit handsome, but he's absolutely perfect like Rochester, showing every aspect of his character right and playing socks! I agree with another note that it even looks quite frightening at a time like in the scene when it slowly turns the church when the wedding is interrupted, its expression is fantastically scary. But then in another favorite scene, his joy is joyfully seen when Jane climbs the stairs and into his arms in the morning after proclaiming his love to himself. Love that is beautifully rendered and completely believable. Oh, being such a person loved! There were a few scenes that were strangely missed as if Jane had climbed into bed with dying Helen, and when Rochester took Jane to buy wedding items (I thought it was in it but my memory was playing tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre - you simply see it most, it's just perfection!
