My comments on VIVAH: - His charming, idealistic love story is played by Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film brings us back to a little pleasure, such as bride and groom families who sleep on the floor, play games together, are friendly and feel respect for each other. Vivah is about the holiness of marriage and the meaning of the commitment between two individuals. Yes, central romance is naively visualized. But the romantic moments that intertwine between the marriage to be closed and their stubborn resistance to modern games on the pitch lead you to idealism. The film is predictably close with marriage and a bridegroom on a wedding night and tells her new bride who suffers a wound: "Let me allow myself to make a bandage" VIVAH - showcases a lot of good things - beauty of organized marriage, beauty of Indian culture, beauty of Indian women, last but not least, a nice IDEALISM approaching couple waiting to get married ... play by the rules! Simple, yet beautiful; Such a simple story ... no plot ... no thief - as is the case with most of Sooraj Barjatya's films. Sooraj Sir returned to what BEST did. He made a movie full of fitness. It is a very sweet film that teaches the present generation a lot of good things about an agreed marriage and a union of two families. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good and worked very well. He has most of the good scenes - even though I thought the last half hour was entirely Shahid Kapura - who, for a change, gives a tremendously limited performance. I also liked the actions of all others, eg Choti, ie Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, Shahid's brother. It seemed almost as real and recognizable. Sooraj Sir received another nice family film, after which Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK & Hum Saath Saath Hain. Chemistry between Shahid & Amrita is amazing. Stuff like holiness in marriage / relationship, avoiding Courtship, mutual respect, care and the universe, waiting for "official" prayer, praying / Sacrficing for Ur Beloved - everything and more will appear in Vivah. There is still a good audience that will go and enjoy this movie. Some people / audiences are already excited after seeing that they thought they had agreed - marriage :) That's a success when you ask me. it seems that AMRITA RAO - our actress-of-Vivah {performance for a nice performance} was awarded the prestigious DADSAHEB PHALKE Award for 2006 !! The hat is about to make it to Chalo's success, although Vivah, Shahid, or Amrita have not won any prizes for film and other prizes; @ at least this is the message CHEER! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO - for showing us the visual brides of Native Americans in the purest form and, of course, Sooraj Barjatya for drawing it out best :) Do not forget Shahida Kapura and everyone else who makes VIVAH as sweet and legendary as it is today ! Imagine sharing the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... Its average achievements! Congratulations to Amrita Rae - for taking this career to a different level with her ... I personally feel - she should only continue with Shahid Kapur! They make a cute pair and their chemistry on the screen reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. <br /> <br /> Some points , which I observed, a few elements: - # 1 If you notice, Amrita Rao looks so good because she always wears a traditional dress. It gives every bit of Indian women - in this movie! Perfect Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or early marriage ... but PREM listens carefully to the step-wise talk of his DAD - have full confidence in Anupam Kher. Ultimately, "honesty" and "trust" are the key words that reflect in her first interview with Amrita. Most people would think that such a first encounter with a complete stranger and for a limited time is not enough to judge a person. But according to what I saw in this movie, I feel - that two people who are connected to each other can join in the 1st set as well, It is possible! # 3 In the whole movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where Shahid & Amrita are together - or shown to be together. Unlike most other romantic / wedding films where Hero & Heroine always sing / dance or today - they make cheap things. But the beauty of each of these five sequences: - Characterized by restraint, innocence and respect for another! # 4 I really liked the relationship between Chak ALOK NATH & Amrita Rao. These dear movies should highlight the indifference shown by daughters / girls in some parts of India. # 5 Romantic scenes between the lead couple are shot very nicely - no cheap scenes, the songs are beautifully displayed !! Words such as "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. will be buzzwords for all the girls who liked this movie :) I personally like the many dialogues in this movie. # 6 The Last, But Not The Smallest - The whole hospital scene, where Shahid gives "sindhoor" to Amrita when she is fighting for life - is amazing. These dialogues between the pair are so touchy and I love feeling / I-cant-do-without-U; His sense of hats-off! <br /> <br /> *** In many respects, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for the freshness / screen-chemistry of the couple LEAD: :) :) WHEN THEY WROUGHT: - In addition to films such as Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH ranks among the best films in 2006. Basically, I think Vivah deserves better viewing / Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those time cards / fuzzy / style / blues movies !!
