* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss it without revealing specific points, but I can not. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for a review of IMDb movie by George C. Scott when I came across a summary and review of this version. He had so many positive reviews that I decided to order, even though: (a) when I cut and hurt, I thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of the Rochester book on T; and (b) Even though I was looking at the DVD cover, I was thinking, "Is not Timothy Dalton too good for his role?" The last problem was to reinforce the fact that I decided to read the book again while the DVD was in the background. That is, when I started watching this, I was fascinated. Initially, it was disturbing to hear the dialogue in the 1980s, as it is written - with little or no attempt to modernize - but Dalton and Clarke plunged into it so thoroughly that I really enjoyed the fact that adapters trust viewers to watch archaic speech . To have so many books on the screen, it was an extra bonus. I know someone who will not watch any version of Jane Eyre because "Who wants to see a movie about a man who holds a poor fool in the attic?" Honestly, if someone who did not read the book had been over an hour and half-hour or two-hour versions, they would think it was a fairly true story - Rochester's secret and its influence on everyone around. Fortunately, this version is really about Jane Eyre's whole life. Some people criticized casting. Dalton is too horny; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but it's so "in the moment" that I believe it's Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on track. Jane Eyre is calm, guarded. If you remember a book, adult Jane's wrath and passion appears during her private battles. Some critics worry me. Reviewers say Clarke is too short or not pretty. The book goes infinitum about how small and simple Jane is. Mrs. Clarke should not be tall and the filmmakers stiffened her gaze to make Jane's statement of her lackluster beauty plausible. Hardly it will help when Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the lines. What?!! The scene when Jane finally comes out of her room after the wedding fiasco quite vibrates with passion and desire and sadness and regret - and that's just the first example that comes to my mind. other critics. I also missed multiple scenes with Helen Burns and Rivers siblings. Some dialogs were strangely abbreviated. When Rochester declares: "Jane, you're wrong to judge me, I do not hate her because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how Jane was going crazy, still loving her and taking care of her. It's a powerful moment in the book and I wish it was part of it. I think it was a mistake to bring the scene with Rochester to that part of the story where Jane is alone. It could have been for clarity, but I found it terrible. I wanted it to be a humorous humor where Jane thinks Rochester's excitement will cool down and become odd again, but she may "enjoy" her again. Dalton's performance is so good that a rare mistake is obvious - when Rochester crys in the library, I see him as an actor doing a crying scene, not like Rochester. As for the set, if someone ever caught an episode of the Sixties Sixties of the "Dark Shadows" show, one knows what to expect - very sharp and occasionally noble interiors. Others have thoroughly and briefly commented on the work on Rochester's make-up at the end. So! It is bad. The conclusion is too sudden. After this anxiety and strain, I wanted more endings. And on my copy of DVDs that have credits at the beginning and at the end of all eleven 25-30 minute episodes, it's a little too much. That is, I'm so glad I have this movie and will look at it again and again.
