There are many adaptations of the classical novel by Charlotte Brontë "Jane Eyre," and because of the numerous reviews written about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is best. All adaptations to short films suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to sink the entire plot of the novel into the film for about 100 minutes. length, so these films show only a few parts of the novel. TV series have proven to be a more appropriate format for rendering all the heroine's episodes of life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini television series released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not just the worst of these three but the worst of all Jane Eyre adjustments and a striking example of a completely overrated movie. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by awkward and trivial, and important scenes are either erased or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. All that leads to it is that the characters that are portrayed have a novel with Rochester and Jane and behave in exactly the opposite way as described in the book but that their behavior and language are not entirely consistent with the behavior of the period , in which the novel is set. It's a stupid soap opera in which actors look and act as if they were mistaken in costumes of the 1950s. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is actually a tiny face in the face of Charlotte Brontë. The 1973 version is very loyal to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr Rochester and Jane are rendered almost all along. But what works nicely in the novel does not necessarily work on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and complicated when it appears naturally on the screen, and the constant interruption of conversations by Jane's voices gives an impression of artistic and stagnation. And despite the fidelity of the novel, the nature of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Sorcea Cusack portrays Jane as a courageous, confident, conscientiously wise young woman completely inconsistent with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, though a good actor, simply does not have his own great physical presence or charisma to play Rochester. Even though a decent adaptation simply can not convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really impatience with the audience. All bugs of the '73 version were corrected in the television series '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from a purist viewpoint, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and slim that he is Rochester, he has the basic characteristics for his role: he has an impressive physical presence, great magnetism and air of self-confidence and authority. And despite his undeniable pride, he looks cruel enough to convincingly play the dark Master Thornfield. The outstanding performance of his work lies in recognizing all aspects of the Rochester character. Of all the actors who played in Rochester, he's the only one who caught them: Rochester's roughness, almost brazenness, mood and sudden vocals, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his worry, and deep, furious love. Dalton's Charlotte Brontë is equally excellent. Even Rochester's most extensive and complicated thoughts are perfectly true and natural when Dalton delivers them. It's definitely Rochester, unbeatable and unbeatable, and when he watched him in this role, one can not imagine Rochester playing any other way or any other actor. Zelah Clarke delivers equally good performance in a role that may be even harder to play than Rochester. She reveals Jane's novel precisely, outwardly, shy, reserved and guarded by a young woman, but which has a great depth of feeling and an equal strength of will. She grasps the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and respect for one side, and her fire and passion on the other side, her seeming fragility and her unruly feeling of right and wrong. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure joy. As far as fidelity to the literary model is concerned, this version also literally cites the novel as well as the '73 version, but with one important difference: Dialogues are truncated in this version, but baselines that are essential to characterize protagonists and develop conspiracy become unchanged . Thus, the screenwriter avoided any artistic expression while fully preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë. And unlike the earlier BBC version, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. The drawing of the novel is followed by even greater precision than the '73 series. It's almost a scenario for a novel, where the same time and emphasis is placed on every episode of Jane's life. It's the only adaptation of Jane Eyre, which has a gypsy-like scene and the only one that plunges justice to the core and most heartfelt scene when Jane and Rochester meet after the wedding is canceled. Timothy Dalton particularly plays this scene with excellent skills. With Rochester's anxiety, he's almost painstakingly aware of Jane's decision to leave him, his frantic attempts to stay, and ultimate despair when he really leaves. It's a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that stays with the viewer for a long time. With even smaller roles in a perfect cast, excellent script, and two ideal leading actors, this is definite and only true "Jane Eyre".
