I felt obliged to watch Timothy Dalton / Zelah Clarke's 1983 "Jane Eyre" adaptation because I just wrote an article about BBC "Jane Eyre" for TheScreamOnline in 2006. <br /> <br /> So I approached watching this the way I would approach my homework. <br /> <br /> At first I was irritated. Lighting in this version is bad. Everyone / everyone is emptied in a bright white kieg light that in some scenes casts shadows on the wall behind the characters. And the sound is badly recorded. I had a feeling I was listening to the high school game. <br /> <br /> And makeup for pancakes is too heavy. And the sets do not fully give up the Gothic mood of the novel. They're too upset, too, Martha Stewart. I just can not see Bronte Rochester's compliance with Martha Stewart's homework. Orson Welles "Rochester lived in a cave-like darkness, very suitable for the novel is the Gothic mood. And yet ... with all these objections ... it's not just the best" Jane Eyre "I" I've seen it, it may be you the best adaptation of any novel I've ever seen. "Jane Eyre, despite technical shortcomings, made me feel like I was reading" Jane Eyre "for the first time, critics of this production say it's too close to the book. the book was valued and did not need it to be less "seductive" or less "Christian" or more sexual, the fidelity of this version to the novel that Bronte actually wrote is his best asset. <br /> <br /> Bronte wrote a colorful good book. that's why it lasted for 150 years, while other, more slick, sexy and simple lyrics disappeared.As a long time for Jane Eyre fans I was a preconception against Timothy Dalton as Rochester Rochester is great, Jane and Rochester are the famous ugly pair of literature.And Timothy Dalton is nothing, if not amazingly nice.However Dalton gives fascinating performance like Rochester. He just threw me away. I've never seen anything like his complete commitment to the role, text, dialogue, and Rochester's love for Jane. Dalton brings Rochester's website to life on screen. <br /> <br /> Rochester is a bit frightening. Dalton is scary. Welles got a spooky stripe, for example, when he yells "Enough!" Fontaine plays a short piano. But Dalton is scary more than once. You really can not tell if he's hurting Jane or himself in his despair. Rochester's empire, its humor, its fury and its vulnerability: Dalton tells all, sometimes several seconds. It's amazing. And here's the key thing - an actor who plays Rochester must say he spent more than a decade of his life in utter despair, lonely, living with the ugly mystery of a devastating life. <br /> <br /> No other actor I've seen tries to explain this part as a black hole of despair as Timothy Dalton. Favorite favorite fan Toby Stephens will not even try. Dalton hit him out of the park. If I saw Timothy Dalton playing Rochester in a single bar, I would say, "That guy is a problem, do not look for him." It's radioactive with cramped agony. Zelah Clarke is not only the best Jane I've ever seen, it's one of the few Jans that the producers were willing to cast when the book occupied Jan. No, people who know "Jane Eyre" only from 2006 versions, Bronte did not write a sculptural, robust Jane with gently arched eyebrows and cozy lips. Rather, Charlotte Bronte Jane is really poor, simple, obscure and little, not beautiful. Zelah has a small mouth, close eyes and a little nose. It's really "little". She is not a model model. And she's the best Jane, the truest book. Some described it as cold or boring. No, it's true. Bronte's Jane is not a red hot mom, she is protected, rid of teenage, whose inner passion comes out only in key moments, as Zelah does. Jane's book is someone you need to slowly, carefully, patiently, carefully watch if you really want to fit its depths. You have to watch Zelah to find out who really is. I would like to see more fires in Zelahov in one key scene, but that's one scene from five hours which is otherwise very good. In spite of its proximity to the text, this version, like any other version I've seen, discovers a complete explanation of openly Christian topics in Jane Eyre. Christianity is not a random subtext in Jane Eyre, it is central. Helen Burns puts Jane in Christianity, giving her a subversive, counter-cultural way of reading and living, her apparently doomed, life. It is Christianity and a Christian god who convinces the poor, clear, obscure Jane of her equal value, the need to meet her ideals, and the rejection of a key marriage proposal. This is not entirely clear. Charlotte Bronte in any case wrote an excellent, complex, rich novel and his adaptation to all that I saw, down and honors the best of any adaptation I've seen, and that says a lot. <br /> <br /> Other versions that do not satisfy the book completely end up looking at work in many places. If you do not care about what Charlotte Bronte says about child abuse or the hypocrisy of a culture based on looks and money, your adaptation to much of the book will be something that people are going through quickly to get to the likes of Jane and Rochester. This version, like Bronte's novel, realizes that everything Bronte has written about Jane's experience at Lowood, and his relationship with St. John, belongs to what makes Jane's relationship to Rochester as explosive and unforgettable.
