Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And it has a little later feeling, but both casting and acting are so brilliant you will not want to watch other versions! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton IS Edward Rochester ... it's so simple. I do not care that other reviewers claim he's too nice. Dalton is definitely attractive, but no handsome boy. In fact, he has a harsh, deep dark spell, which I think is completely in line with the mysterious, very masculine Mr R. And so Rochester's sad, tortured person is patient. It expresses fury when the scene demands it, but it also portrays Rochester's gentle, passionate, emotional side. (IMO, A & E's recent production suffers from the fact that Ciaran Hinds - whom I normally adore - seems to be rude and moving his way.I have read the book many times and I have never felt that Rochester should be perceived as a continuous grumbling animal.) When I read a novel again, I always see Zelaha Clarke as Jane. Mrs. Clarke likes me like Jane describes herself (and is described by others). Little, childish, fairy ... though it's true that the actress does not look 18, she portrays Jane's attributes so well. While other reviews claim that her acting is either wooden or incongruous, it must be remembered that the figure spent eight years when Lowood was trained to control her emotions and "passionate nature". Her main inspiration was her baby girlfriend, Helen, who was the image of a lenient submission. Although her true nature was different, Jane learned to master her temperament and seemed obedient, in keeping with the intentions of the school for her charity students who went to work. Jane will become a governess in the wealthy home of Mr. Rochester. No doubt she would not talk to her about equality. Even later, when she gave her, as she had received, she would always remember that her station was far below the employer. However, if you read a book - to which this work remains amazingly close - you can clearly see the small fighting Zelah-as-Jane will endure by subduing your emotions to stay mild and balanced. <br /> <br /> Chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is right, I think. No, that does not concern Hollywood at all (thank God, it is not the Hollywood book), but their novel is true, loyal and faithful. And for a woman like Jane, who never thought she had any love, her journey would come, a miracle. The remaining cast is amazing and I love the fact that almost every character in the book is here. So, there is also a rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one I know contains a beautiful, infamous "gypsy scene" and more generally contains more humor than other versions I've seen. Especially, mutual teasing among the main characters comes straight from the book and is so wonderful! Jane Eyre was in many ways one of the first novelized feminists. Eventually she accepted love according to her own conditions and independently and finally as Rochester's true. Just gorgeous!
