To call this episode, the brilliant feeling is too small. Let's say he keeps the great work of the premiere season, it's also reductive because he has never been far from the big soprano episode. In fact, they could be a smug invitation for those who are not real fans: Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Get up where the junior has stopped (after the bullet in the neck of his nephew he's a cheater, which he killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony being perfectly well. Without any recollection of what has happened to him, he visits a convention. He just does not speak with his normal accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his documents: apparently not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people think, can not leave his hotel. Of course, in a pure soprano tradition that turns out to be just a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, with doctors not believing his fate, his family and friends taking care of the sick, and Junior refused to believe that the whole the thing really happened. Unfortunately it did and Anthony Jr. seems willing to avenge his father's attempt to live. Dreams appeared quite often in the series, often as some kind of spiritual process for the protagonists (most notably in the Five show The Test Dream season). Joining the club insists on the metaphysical features of the program, which has already indicated the previous work by William S. Burroughs, and pushes the envelope in the most bold way: Tony hallucinations to his dead friends (the first occurrence species was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) because it is actually in what appears to be purging is radically different. The "Celestial" part of the story is full of allegorical meanings, not least the name of Tony (as one sign emphasizes, spelling in some sense gives you the word "infinity"), and nothing is exaggerated or crazy: David Chase has created a piece of work , who is too intelligent to use strange assemblies just for himself; it all helps storytelling. Talking about "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano could be stretching it down, though.
