Well, I did not get a cleanup when I first watched this episode. It seemed that something important happened that I could not give a finger. This time, the Costa Mesa Firefighters on TV really caught my attention - and it helped me to write an essay on Inferno! But let me see what has not been discussed yet ... The TWOP review revealed that Tony had seven stair steps to disappear due to the broken elevator. Yeah, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's one more. At that point, I was consulting with wikipedia and guessing what Dante had divided into 7 levels? Purgatorio. Without an ancestor and paradise. (The thing at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not get.) <br /> <br /> The allegedly "accidental" monk-slap scene. Once the monks appeared, they fit perfectly into a place where Tony tries to get out of purgatory. You can learn that he was afraid when this Christian ad appeared (death, sickness and sin) and is getting desperately worse, because the Christian sky looks a bit for him. By the time he meets the monks, he thinks, "Hey, maybe these guys can help me?" which sounds like thinking about other religions (eg, Buddhism), and he wondered if any other way could take him to "salvation." Not that Tony would literally think about becoming a Buddhist, but Finnerty seems to have tried (and confused) it. That fat face basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix here - like in, no, you can not suddenly accept Buddhism and go out. <br /> <br /> At first Tony was not too concerned about getting into the sky. But on "entry into the conference" he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. At first I saw the name and driving license issue because Tony led a double life, killing people and sleeping around that she was secret from most people. He feels free to have a relationship with quasi-Melfi because "it's Kevin Finnerty." He realizes he can FALSE some people with KF cards like hotel receptionists, but will not get him out of Purgatory. Those helicopters - helicopters of heaven - are watching him and everything he does. After reading all the "inFinnerty" theories, KF's identity seems to be a reminder of the endless path that Tony could have taken in his life. Maybe along with the joke of a car that was also relevant to Infiniti, which otherwise did not make sense to me. Aaand, at that moment, my brain runs out.
