The story of Hare Rama Hare Krishna actually came to Dev Anand's mind when he saw the hippies and their fallen values ​​in Kathmandu, where he had been following protests over his previous Prem Pujari in Calcutta. He had few ghosts because his film was contradictory and some burned the posters of Prem Pujari. But the life of the hippies once again ignited the story in Dev's mind to become a movie. This was perhaps the best director effort of Dev Anand. The film was a thrilling hit in the box office, and Zeenat Aman, as Deva's sister, had a huge impact. This film was called Dev Anand to the nation to preserve its moral values. <br /> <br /> This is an Indian family based on Montereal and the role of a brother is very loving to his sister. But parents quarrel and separate Prashant (Dev) with mother and Jasen (Zeenat) with her father. She is repeatedly told that her mother and brother are dead and she eventually believes she will never see Prashant again. She is poorly treated with her step mother and she is running away from home. Dev grows up as a pilot and learns that Jasbir is in Kathmandu with some hippies. In order to reconnect with his sister, Dev travels to Kathmandu and meets Shanti (Mumtaz), who later married him and also Janice, who is in fact Jasbir with a new name and a new identity. She forgot her childhood and Dev. Dev must get his sister back among all the other events, including his suspicion of being a thief in Kathmandu and people after his life. <br /> <br /> This was a story well-directed and acted - Dev Anand. We see more Zeenata Amana than Mumtaze. But the music of Rahul Dev Burman was well composed. Dev first offered the music by Sachin Dev Burman, but Burman Da did not want Dev to make the film. He was very close to Devu and his previous film Prem Pujari, although he was good but he was in Calcutta against. Burman Da wanted Dev to try something lighter because he thought the hippie cultivated film could wake human anger against Dev. But Dev went on to reassure Burman Da and the movie was really a success. R D Burman had Asha Bhosle singing the awards of Dum Maro Dum. Kanchi re Kanchi re was another good number. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good movie.
