In what seems to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira shot this film: "Things that make life worthwhile." It's not the original discovery, the many voices you have (by the way, by the way) but somewhat deviates from the standard in Spanish cinematography. The disadvantage is that the film-making elements are poorly combined and (Edward Fernandez) is stationary (parado), which seems to be despite the backstage with the major drama, seems to be willing to see what will change, just that explains that his commitment to the minor could mean a break in his existence. According to Audrey Tautou of "Long dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says such things himself: "If I find a coin in front of a corner, will change his happiness. "Of course he will find it, he will start playing" Today can be a great day "(Joey Manuel Serrat) and on several crosses on his journey Hortensia (Ana Belen). , divorced and a little lonely: Take the valerian to sleep, organize birthday celebrations as an exemplary mother, say her belief in God, and lead to the speed of the killer's mother. Hortensia is a woman with many contradictions in his behavior, life was in his that "70% of people fall in love only once in their lives" and said, although there is a lack of Jorge and does not rule out the possibility of being "sadistic" sleeping in his shoulder at the First Cinema community has appeared, a wedding in a luxury wedding reception, the back of the car and other things that players seem to experience unique experiences, but they are good for the audience. the debate between us is a drama of two adults who have no other that would lead them to see where their strange relationship and vice versa, to make it a case like comedy, focus on things like Chinese singing at the wedding (which seem be fun in itself) or walking a drunk person. The problem is that we do not have the time to get in touch with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic ones, and we can not even have a solid comic book, so everything except a clean joke. In the end, everything is mixed up so that the viewer does not know very well whether to laugh or laugh, and does not do it anyway. And it's true that something is not seen a thousand times, it's not the movie we can bend every corner, but it's not quite different or strange how we want to do. Ana Belén (who is probably far less than 53 years old in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very pleased to see work but this time they seem to be ready or comfortable enough in the scenes that require , to calm the peace prevails in the movie, so in moments like "accident" with the kids in the bar, they seem to slip out of their hands. Maybe the very dramatic change that has to be done, but that is not the justification for reducing our guards. In any case, both interpreters are easily positioned at the top of this function. "Things that make life useful" work only at a moderate level of fun. Any assertion that is behind this point has not been met, like a romantic comedy or dramatic as we suppose they want to do, can not afford that little moments have ended successfully (not bad), like that in which one of the characters speak and laugh, lost drunk, compared to the boy, who partly because of him remains in the coma. Even for people like Rosario Pardo, or for people like Rosario Pardo, he did not make a big story whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase "must be cut off" and tracks from the soundtrack, albeit notable, not only appropriate. It is true that Manuel Gomez Pereira has his own interventions (some of the moments involving Jose Sacristan), but the whole is Anodyn Story, a movie with good intentions and a nice result when it's better.
