What does the Marquis de Sade have in common with Egyptian archeology and the sea fair that worships the cults? Tobe Hooper tries to answer this question in one particular little film. Genie is a young kitten who visits his father in Alexandria's archeology in Egypt. Genie is captured by a mysterious counterpart (and a crazy lesbian) who serves Dad on his side. Dad is sent back to the place where she uncovers the tomb with what looks like a mermaid. Genie meets a descendant of the Marquis de Sade and falls on a magnificent Egyptian (providing the hottest scenes of the film). Eventually Genie finds out that this is a sacrifice and a long and bloody climax is happening. This story is wrapped in the shot of Mars de Sade in prison and we are talking with a portrait of what looks like Genie. Robert Englund is great as a marquis and his descendant. His acting skills have always been suppressed by his make-up requirements, so he is allowed to shine. His best performance is still in "Killer Tongue" if you have not seen it yet. The rest of the cast, including the young Genie, is nice and average. However, the scenario is problematic. You will quickly learn that marquee scenes are totally useless, except when movie makers have access to a cool set. Mermaid culture, which ultimately stores Genie, makes no sense. Who is the mermaid is never explained, and its connection to Christianity (which is projected throughout the film) is nothing. The film is very anti-Christian, as the archaeologist is a biblical father, but he likes to be tied to by a local prostitute. There are lots of scripts about corruption and violence, but Hooper probably had no idea what writers were trying to say. I know I have no idea. So why do I recommend this movie? It's weird. There is an expanded sexual scene. For ladies, the strong Egyptian equestrian horse is completely naked. Englund is amazing. Do you like snakes? This movie is full. That's like Roger Corman with a bigger budget. Knowing that Hooper somehow came up with the "Crocodile" after it's kind of sad. "Night Terrors" is not perfect, but it is definitely worth a wink, an irreverent look. It is rated (R) for physical violence, some sexual violence, gore, nausea, nudity to a woman, nudity to male sex, sexual content, sexual links and drug abuse. <br /> <br />
