PERHAPS, when trying to find another "Hot Property" for adaptation, Brothers Fleischer returned to their very successful invasion of the Newspaper Comic Strip world with their 1933 POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer Studios / Paramount). Although it was part of the BETTY BOOP series, Miss B. briefly appeared briefly; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for a possible full-fledged series. <br /> <br /> It is now well known that the rough, sharp view, the seaman has perhaps become the most successful series of the cartoon series at all; overcoming and literally surviving Fleischers and their Studio, continuing to this day. <br /> <br /> Returning to King Fun for another attempt at happiness was undoubtedly the reason for trying out the very popular HENRY Comic Strip character in the BETTY BOOP trip; The aim is to look for another series. The justification then seemed to be good. HENRY was the most popular feature in Hearst Papers; which appear in both the daily and the Sunday Color Comics, PUCK, COMICS WEEKLY. You know, "What a fool!" Remember, one, Schultze? Looking at the balmy, small, bald boy Comic Strip 'Hero' and his face on the screen, both solo and Miss Betty; we were pleasantly surprised to see how well the character was treated. The story and director Dave Fleischer both provided many comic situations and views that seemed to be best suited for Henry's character. These mostly silent culprits were very important to animated films when they remained faithful to the printed page; because HENRY Feature was mostly made in the form of 4 color "mime". In the cartoon called BETTY BOOP WITH HENRYM: FUNNIEST LIVING American (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935) we see what it is; basically it is one situational exercise; overtaking the usual amount of Dave Fleischer's rapid fire, machine guns like machine guns. In short, Henry will see a puppy in the Betty Boop's Pet Shop window. It's kind of love at first glance, since Henry is trying to buy a small puppy with the only money he has to put the coins in his pocket. He is made up of a Miss Boop that would have been $ 2.00 in a depressed era of money to make a purchase. Tears appear as a little boy leaves depressed. But braking is early on the horizon as Betty asks the boy to think of a trade while she leaves urgent business. In return for her services, Miss Betty promised him a small dog in return. Of course they have a deal and Betty is leaving. PREPARING WORKING CLEANING Cages and feeding animals provides an opportunity for Fleischer crew to burn a whole new string of gags; this time with bird seeds, Henry's bald paste and cats. (But not all of a sudden, of course, Schultze!) Henry's enthusiasm for mass feeding the bird population in the store by virtually ordering his head soon leads to the massacre of birds; from an open street shop in a massive break. <br /> <br /> BETTY returns to this view and expresses his disappointment and anger with the temporary care of Henry. All bets were off, Henry was not a dog. He starts to leave; dejectedly; but soon convinces the owner to give him another shot to fix things. His head covered with bird seeds manages to destroy all the small scattered creatures; return them to your department store. Happy the little boy is leaving; but this time it has its own loving, small, facial licking puppy. <br /> <br /> NEVER it was a winning combination. We have carefree energy, filled energy, free boy circling, Betty's kindness and the emotion of the situation, and the dubious result of the "boy and his dog" situation. Max and Dave Fleischer gave us almost a little mini-masterpiece of surreal comedy. <br /> <br /> We were quite surprised that no HENRY line arrived. Judging by the fair faithfulness of the character, it might well take some time. Anyway, this collaboration was in many ways the best of Betty Boop to try pictures. Although the first, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and barely had any Betty Boop in it, except for the portrait as a carnival hula dancer); HENRY Short was much better than two of the following Kings features "tryouts", BETTY BOOP and LITTLE KING and BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMY, both 1936. POODLE SCHNITZ !!
