In post-colonial Africa, too few traditional films have been set up and those with mixed tracks. This, with his altruistic claims of slavery in the seventies, shows the best and worst values ​​of Africa that did not look much different from the values ​​of humanity as a whole. It also has shortcomings due to the disproportionate influence of the Western preconceptions of Africans and especially the Arabs. Dr. Anansa Linderby, the beautiful African-American wife of English physician David Linderby, is captured by Arab slave traders, along with teenage girl Sanufu and a young boy. Suleiman, the leading slave trader, is every Arabian spectator, with his floral and sometimes humorous rhetoric and gestures that would match - which would not be out of place on "Carry On Follow the Camel," but it is not the standard film he deserves. Peter Ustinov, of course, had more skills to deal with some of the shortcomings of the script and to save what might otherwise be a terrible one-dimensional character. <br /> <br /> Continuing on a stereotypical theme, all three Suleiman Arab employees are unintelligent and one has paedophilic tendencies for boys who are fortunately not on the screen. One of David's first ports is a local policeman, a stereotypical pompous and incompetent African bureaucrat. David then meets two stereotypical white ex-pats, the Englishman (Walker, played by Rex Harrison) and the American (Sandell, played by William Holden). Sandell is a mercenary with "conventional" views on mixed relationships who initially refuse to help if David does not provide a prepayment. Having received Davan's love for Anans, and aware of his own inability to find love, he agrees to take David to the helicopter to help him find Anansa. They find Suleiman and his captives who have crossed the border and are unable to persecute them in the neighboring territory - as a result of Sandell's hesitation and David's lack of experience with firearms, his helicopter is shot down, but David survives. <br /> <br /> Then we see that David introduced Malik (Kabir Bedi), an African who lost his family to Suleiman and is now just revenge. They find the Sanufu girl with the Tuareg group and know they are on the right track to find Suleiman. In one of the most hearts of fractured scenes, they kill a couple of slave traders to find out that this was not a group of Suleimans, and they had no choice but to send their prisoners to the Tuareg whom they met earlier. Later, we find out that the young boy who was raped is a witch doctor and an excellent scene with a supernatural undercurrent uses his knowledge to kill one of Suleiman's guards. Anansa from her side - despite boy skepticism - can prepare the resignation of two other Suleiman employees. Until then, Suleiman and his slaves will arrive within a few days of reaching the slave market. /> <br /> Suleiman, now no doubt that Anansa is a "problem," is trying to sell it to an obsessively wealthy Arab prince (Omar Sharif) who is corrupt but intelligent. In finding that Anansa is an American working for the US, the prince decides to continue to negotiate without considering the consequences. The scene where the two men are negotiating is one of the best in the movie. In the slaves market, a young boy is sold to a middle-aged German pedophile, and we have to let him know if the boy will still be considered a "wunderbar" when his owner is at the end of his witchcraft. David and Malik finally face Suleiman, and Malik's point of view is a hot-sweet ending. <br /> <br /> Finally, David and Anansa are reunited and Malik, whose life is in ruins, can comfort himself by seeing the task he has built himself. <br /> <br /> The overall story of the movie is excellent, but loses its marks for its stereotypical display of almost all the protagonists. Credit needs to be given to all the major actors involved in many shortcomings in scripting.
