"Flavia, the Muslim Monk" aka. The "Erection Flavia" from 1974 is a really disturbing and uncompromising cinematography of Italian exploitation, which to a certain extent follows a rather feminist assumption (although the level of dirtyness and brutality is likely to be rejected by most feminists). He meets mostly in the monastery and with the nun as an eponymous central hero (the wonderful performance of beautiful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia heretic" can be referred to as "Nunploitation". However, this film drastically differs from the typical Nunploitative films of the time, because it does not focus too much on elements of nunspoituation such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishments, etc. Personally, I have seen more similarities with the Hepploitation movement, such as the "Devil's Mark" does not concern witch hunting), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Times. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After witnessing that her despotic father beheaded a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a monastery. When her father condemns a colleague to death for a small misdemeanor years later, the misuse of Falva with male violence against women turns into hatred against the despotic church and she joins a group of Arab carriages ... One thing is sure, "Flavia heretics" is not for the weak heart, not even for those who want happy ends. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi apparently tried to make his film realistic and disturbing, especially in his ugly scenes. Many scenes of torture and execution are extremely distracting, with screaming, spikes and other terrible scenes that are in the brightest detail. The most shocking scene is probably the torture of a young nun at the beginning of the movie. Here violence is never superfluous. After all, these terrible methods were in fact a reality at the time the film was placed. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, elegant cinematography and Nicola Piovani's great score. Amazingly beautiful and great Florinda Bolkan has shown her talent in many great Italian cultural productions (including Lucio Fulci Giallo - the masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" from 1972). It brings another great, charismatic performance and I can not imagine another actress in this role. The film has some minor inconsistencies (eg why the hard church in the first place leaves bizarre cult followers to the monasteries). However, it is generally amazing how this film is realistic. "Flavia the Heretic" certainly should not miss my fellow fans from the Italian Cinema exploitation. This is a great effect of catching in general, although it is definitely deeply depressing and should therefore be followed with the right mood. We highly recommend fans of the disruptive cinema exploitation. 7.5 / 10
