Flavia heretic is an undeniable piece of art and probably my most important recommendation to state that European cinemas are hardly underestimated and must not be ignored. Is it an intelligent and complex movie, beautifully realized and? surprise? pretty damn accurate! This is more than just insignificant suffering or trouble-free violence, and it is time that these fierce film committees, which categorize Flavia as a forbidden shirt, regard this as such. Flavia is a beautiful adolescent of the 14th century, forced to live the life of obedient nuns in a strict monastery. She refuses to accept she is inferior, just because she is a woman and cursing her sister that she is so tolerant. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she became friends with another rebellious nun and even leads the monastery walls to soldiers of bloodthirsty Muslims. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a totally charming movie! It's almost impossible to believe that Director Gianfranco Mingozzi proved to be so realistic and so worrying. I urge you to come up with a name that focuses more on the pioneer-feminism than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (at the very edge of the nightmare), the camera approaches brutal rape, torture and mutilation. Still, all these raw shots are not only used to satisfy perverted gorehounds. I am firmly convinced that they are part of the statement "Flavia" is trying to communicate: Mankind (especially the Catholic Church) has historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminating race and has no use in further rejection. Films like "Flavia, heretics" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and I really admire them. Flavia is, by its very nature, an excellent and basic exploitative film, but it is even brought to a higher level by wonderful cinematography, magnificent costumes and scenery, and the impressive music score of Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but it's María Casares who steals the performance as Sister Agatha. It's a hateful and noisy torture that likes to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
