I felt that this film is about human sexuality as well as anything else, whether deliberately or not. It also shows how absurd and paradoxical is that women are not given such a national event, while forgetting the past of our "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women got the right to vote 60 years ago, and women technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all-men, the business world has been unlimited to women in America until recently, and women in China have been tied legs so they could not develop feet strong enough to escape their husbands. Iran is passing this stage in our time comfortably, and we look good at how ridiculously we all looked. To return to the problem of sexuality, we wonder what it can actually be about women that makes them unsuitable for football play (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially those boys' girls, a couple so much that you even feel that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women that the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who will try to get first. The opening stages of stadium access will help you appreciate the taste of young women who are trying to get - and each one separately - at all. It's a world of brutish man. Every woman brave to try to go should be allowed! The world of a sexual nature is not universal. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the detained criminal girls are joining inside a makeshift pen and are waiting for their deportation to who knows where and in a much finer way they start joining the guards who have kept them on guard. These had clear views of women and women who were attacked by their heads. Change of attitude is icy, but visible. Since the film comes from a pure Iran from the first moment, it needs a bit of a stranger's release, but the characters have a special way of getting to you, and eventually you get the whole picture and even understand the misunderstanding of the men and let them loose. The supposed villain is the invisible Patriarch of the Ayatollahs, who remain invisible and unchangeable and probably unchanged. We knew that this film was shot during a real Iranian-Bahrain match, and it gives me a sense of respect for all involved.
