In Iran, women are not allowed to take part in men's sports events, apparently to "protect" them from all the curses and crazy tongues they can hear from male fans (so that since men can not stand or behave, women are forced to go to picture.). "Offside" tells the story of about a half dozen young women dressed as men trying to break into a gathering between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 qualifies Iran to go to the World Cup (the film was in fact largely filmed during <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a theatrical comedy that reminds you of all the great humanistic movies ("Shop on Main Street", "Loves Blond", "closely watched trains", etc.). In the mid-1960s, the "Offside" was more interested in the observation of life than the creation of any elaborate fictional narrative.In fact, it is the simplicity of the setting and the naturalism of the style, which makes the movie so effective. As soon as it is discovered, the girls are hacked into a small pen right in front of the stadium, where they can to hear the noisy enthusiasm of the game inside. Once they are, all they can do is ask the security guards to let them go, guards who are basically humiliated, good boys who are forced to carry out their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even the majority of men who go to the stadium do not seem to be particularly concerned about the fact that these women invoke. The ban still persists. Yet, how can one be overwhelmed by the real courage and devotion these women manifest when opposed to a system that continues to promote such absurdly regressive and archaic constraints? Yet the goal of these women is not to interfere with the cause or to make a "point". They are simply obsessed fans with a burning desire to watch the football game and, like all the men in the country, cheer their team. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say how much dialogue is written and how much of it's time, but in any case actors with stunningly distinctive faces do a great job that makes every moment seem real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable standouts in uniformly superior cast. The structure of the film is also very free and free as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin concentrate on a few short moments for one or two characters, then move smoothly and effortlessly to the other. With this type of documentary approach, we felt as if we were witnessing real events developed in "real time". Very often it is quite easy for us to forget that we are actually looking at the film. It was a very smart move by the filmmakers to include so good humor in the film (that's what Czech filmmakers were doing), the better the absurdity of the situation and the attractiveness of the film for domestic and foreign audiences. "Offside" is, of course, a scream of justice, but it is the one that is more effective by refusing to make a story of a heavy breathing tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing will harm the social barriers just as effectively as humor and attraction to the ordinary humanity of the audience. And is not it what art should be? In its own quiet, undervalued way, "Offside" is one of the great, undervalued gems of 2007.
