Panahi, whose previous films, such as The Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to be moving from the violent to the cruel, created in his new offside an entertaining, exaggerated, joyously chaotic ensemble that ends with the knowledge of liberation and heartfelt entertainment? but the film deals with a material that is quite demanding and relevant as something else he did. By focusing on a group of fans of fervent girls football fans who have entered Bahrain-Iran's pre-war match at the Tehran Stadium, Panahi brings questions of national spirit and independent thoughts and contradictions? and utter absurdity? of the sex regime of apartheid in a world of modern competition with the majority of the youth population and the urban girls that they are increasingly thinking of. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, she breathes the girl in the bus, her father pursing the lost daughter. This one has a disguise and has national colors as a basic color, but we are clutching her in the knowledge of what happens: it is still easy to see. The point is that most men around are really not interested. However, rules are rules, and as soon as they attempt to overcome various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, some of the football girls, or some of them, will catch up and hold onto the small floor upstairs at the stadium by some young, green and rustic police soldiers who do not the notion of how to deal with these big city girls with independent thoughts and rather watch the game? whose noise we are constantly hearing in the background? themselves. Every girl is different? presents a different set of reasons for breaking the rules and different ways to do so. One wore a soldier uniform and got into the officers section. One is tough and masculine, mocking and provocative (she could pass a handsome boy and strangely suggests: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "Who would you like me to be?"). One does not care about soccer but goes to honor a dead friend. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a keen footballer by himself? and so on. The Tehran girls are stubborn and clever and walk through the country's fierce lieutenant in charge of the country (Safar Samandar). One of the country policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the girl's footballer to the men's toilet (of course there are no ladies), forcing her to wear a poster of Italian football stars as a mask. The comedy of mistakes and chaos follows, in which the girl escapes. Later, a thoughtful van with a guide comes with an officer who runs the cops to give the girls a vice president? violation of sexual segregation rules qualifies as a vice. Does the man mix with them? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into gambling. The car turns out to be less obvious: the radio antenna is interrupted. But one policeman keeps her in a position to listen to a report that is increasingly stopping. Policemen and prisoners are now excited together. There is no score, the game goes to penalty kicks and the winner goes to Germany. In the background, it's a real game, a real stadium and a real number of young men who crazy about the outcome of this event. Excitement is immense and the streets are jammed with cars and flags, and the miller crowd of supporters prays for the Iranian victory and unites them in their excitement. What makes this movie as good as it can be clear now is that it is the night of being fired a real game with a real finale that turns everything around. This, unlike previous Panahi's highly computed narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous viera of filmmaking that improves the rhythm with captured backgrounds of current events and will love you in excitement in a way that is totally exciting. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offshore is the disconnection between the modern world of football madness and retro-Islamic social prohibitions of suppressing women? which occurs when young Iranian women become part of a global world in which women participate in sports and participate in the enthusiasm of the national team spirit. How do you fine-tune the country's ambitions to become a modern global power with medieval social attitudes? Many of the Offisde are amazingly real, including the way everyone is trying to get out of it. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real sports mega-event leads to an amazingly effective combination of documentaries, polemics and fiction that is too vigorous to look like she has bones to choose, and ends up being brilliant and moving. <br /> <br /> I had previously reservations about Panahi's films, but this guy kicks his butt. Panahi here something remarkable. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the feelings of a nation nation.
