In Iran, women are forbidden to take part in live sports because of fears of being "harmed" by a tongue, the proximity of thousands of men and the fact that women in old stadiums do not have toiletries. Based on a real incident involving the daughter of the director, the offside of Jafar Panahi is the following six female girls masked as men who are denied entry to a soccer match between Iran and Bahrain in 2005, a match that decides whether Iran will go to the World Cup. Exiting offensive, minimalist films we have used in Iran for the past ten years, Offside is a crazy comedy that has patriotic zeal and universal appeal but contains enough subversive social commentary to justify banning her screenings in Iran. <br /> <br /> With a digital camera that uses more than a professional non-professional actor, girls try to hang around at the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and placed on a farm outside the stadium. Three young soldiers (Safdar Samandar, Mohamed Kheir-abadi, and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) are arguing that they are ambivalent about their task but are committed to adhering to the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists, and cheering on the victory of Iran, but it does not prevent soldiers from holding them while waiting for the girls to be deployed to vice presidents and an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Rather than behaving as a victim, the soldiers constantly question the reasons for the restriction, so their absurdity is quite obvious. Even though they hear the noise of the crowd, women do not see the action, but they get less victory by convincing one of the soldiers to provide regular commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a soldier brings a female "prisoner" to the male room. Young recruits have to cope with riot when they have to prevent someone from using the device while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Gradually paraphrase Adlai Stevenson to be larger than the one who divides them and unlikely antagonists will gather for their country and roots for the victory that Iran will send to the World Cup. Although it isσίου and Sisyтuni and isiuaï filterтiua, the exists of the σώμα of Αμερικ rezervaci Νοεμβρίου, volume of skiingládвайте Бас transmite contribuures toлнатаσίου. One can only hope that the world's pressure and the awakening of its own people will force Ayatollahs to cope with the 21st century.
