I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during a real World Cup Qualifier match in 2006, Offside works great as comedy and tragedy. The film follows the wealth of a group of young women who are about to get to the soccer match at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran. Islamic religious leaders in the country have determined that women do not have to sit with men on sporting events to avoid being exposed to curses and other morally dubious behavior. This did not prevent the young fans of this country who are still trying to use different tricks. However, Panahi focuses on a small group that has been captured and agonistically detained near the event. He calls the boring soldiers who have guarded them to let them go or at least watch them. The soldiers tell them they should not try to enter to watch the game at home on TV. They guess back and forth almost in real time as the game continues, just off-camera. There's one very fun sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls in the toilet. Because there are no female toilets at the stadiums, they have to clean up any man's room before he can enter it. Besides, she covers her face, so nobody sees she's a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of Iranian football star Ali Daei as masks, with eye holes. You have a real sense that even soldiers are baffled by the ban and only execute their orders to speed up the end of their compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he should be on vacation so he can take care of his family's livestock in the country. Shortly after, girls and soldiers speak to each other, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides that show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the constant reminder of soldiers that the "boss" is on the way gives us a sense of threat because we do not know what kind of punishment the women will face. Unlike most Iranian movies, known for their strong visual similarity, Offside is filmed in a realistic style without shouting. In fact, the film was filmed during a real qualifying match against Bahrain on June 5, 2005. The "plot" was determined in many ways by the result on the pitch. If Iran were to win the match, they should qualify. If they lose, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler who says Iran won the match. Scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, giving the film real authenticity. When she saw how this meant for the people of Iran, it was deeply touching. One of the young women also refers to the seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25, just weeks before. They were trampled to death after the police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. I knew this was a real tragedy, added more fateful celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to go to a long political tangle, but this movie gave me a real hope that there are those in Iran who hope to change and work on it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before it replaces its elderly in the political sphere. Films like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite the current difficulties, and it is my sincere hope that a better future will be for them.
