I found that it was a surprisingly light manuscript in 1950's cinematographic film. John Wayne would hardly be the first choice of a cultural attache who would be equally diplomatic with his good intentions like the bull in Harrods. But this time he let him play a role that was far more passive than his usual bluffist, and he did his job in style. The Duke was a guy who really did well. His expressions in the face and body language could be extremely subtle. In spite of his considerable presence as an actor as well as screen time, he was unable to dominate this film. Many of his good intentions have come to market. He had authority over no one, and the intermittent story provided a titular geisha, to which he was a barbarian. The story of American attempts to curse merit with isolationist Japan was rather a political intrigue rather than crazy or crazy poles. I can not comment on the accuracy of my research, but the curiosity of oriental culture towards Western feelings has been well established. There were many fine choreographic ceremonies that required observation of this observer as authentic costume and props. The sets were complex and detailed. Lots of money and ideas have been used. The fragmented romance between Wayne and his geisha added a little more element and stopped the film, which became just a political or flagship effort. The script was good without being too seductive. There was a great Japanese dialogue, but long translation did not interfere with the narrative. It was nice to see a lot of true orientals on the scene. Whether they were or were not Japanese, I could not say. But they still looked at that part. At least that was not the play of Crusader Caucasians, unlike other "Blood Alley", "Inn Of The Sixth Happiness" or even "The King And I" (yes, I know they were Chinese). /> <br /> Frankly, I enjoyed this more than any other movie. The script was better for the beginning. I never liked songs in "The King And I" and was not impressed by the cumbersome anti-Communist subtext "Blood Alley". I admit that I have never seen this work before, and found it to be very favorable compared to many of the most popular missions of the Duke. <br /> <br /> We recommend.
