This is not the kind of movie John Wayne knows about. He plays a diplomat, a man who does things rather with words and persuasion rather than physical activity. The film moves in silent realism through its superbly unbearable story. For open, patient, and reflection, this film is a rich description of an interesting part of history. <br /> <br /> There are two entangled stories. The big story is an internalized, isolationist Japan and an external expansion that collides when a conflict of their interests. The little, human story is about the outsider the barbarian (Wayne) and the civilized Geish's initial hostility and resentment turns to mutual respect and love. The human story is a reflection of the larger story of two nations. The film is very well done and all actors play their roles well. The two major roles are perfect. John Wayne is as good as Townsend Harris, who hit exactly the right mix of strength and negotiation in his dealings with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is as excellent as the Geisha title, charming and beautiful. The interaction between her character and John Wayne is particularly well illustrated. This is exactly how these two individuals (as they are shown in the movie) behave. <br /> <br /> The script is very well written. He misses all pompousness. and is a realistic view of the way events can be displayed. Characters are real people, not self-confident "great" characters in history. Furthermore, the conflict of cultures and interests is shown with great skill and subtlety. The clash of traditional and traditionally strong isolationist Japan and the ascending, new-powerful nation across the ocean is summed up very well in one exchange between John Wayne and the local Japanese baron. Wayne complains that shipwrecked sailors are cut off when landing in Japan, and that passing ships can not bring water to the port. The Baron responds that Japan wants to stay alone. Wayne's reputation is that Japan is becoming an increasingly important crossroads of international shipping, and that if it continues, as it will be before the nation is seen as nothing but a band of criminals that infest an important path. A very real summary of the way in which both countries saw themselves as true and saw the other as bad. The resulting conflict between two self-governing peoples with conflicting interests has its considerations throughout history, a continuing theme that is reflected in the present and the future. The cinematography and display of Japan's mid-nineteenth century, ahead of the accelerated growth towards industrialization that was to follow later in the century, is excellent. Visual treatment and enlightenment of views of ancient Japanese civilization. I highly recommend to anyone, whether John Wayne or not, to look at this movie if you have a chance. Just remember that it's not an action movie. It is a representation of an interesting place and time in history and a slowing love story, which (to their great surprise) comes to dominate the personal life of two main characters. Take a look at this movie to its merits, without prejudices, let yourself immerse yourself in his story and you will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a great movie.
