I have to be honest to say that I bought this film, not because of content but because of David Cubitt; I know ... shallow or what? - but I think Mr. Cubitt is a fantastic actor who gives it a little. <br /> <br /> I really did not know what to expect from watching this movie, I read the second one and you in other places, but I have to say that I got into the world of brothers almost to go. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Ryan are as believable as two brothers alienating, the film moves by their relationship as they begin to try to get to know them again after the death of their fathers. The scene in which Theo finds out Ryan is gay, plays brilliantly, literally goes through the scene and tries to leave without Ryan noticing - which of course he has. The film has been very well explored and is therefore incredibly sad, moving, uplifting and celebrating life in parts. From this sadness, I came from the sadness that Ryan had gone through, but also with the knowledge that the former drug brother Theo had hope and unconditional love. I agree with that other reviewer who finds the scene where Theo says his father will move and I would go a little further to say that I actually spoke to my thoughts on Ryan when he cruelly told Theo: "What do you think , be a father "and Theo simply says" You ". Theo leaves after that, but the little exchange of dialogue talks with a number of almost self-styled Ryan topics, which is being thrown out with a simple retort. Brilliantly conceived film on all aspects, acting, direction, writing, etc. are so well done. I can not find anything else about this movie except that it's very hard to deal with the death of a loved one, but that is done great, to an infinite extent. Respect for the subject and the outpouring of love (without being crooked and mawkish) speaks volumes in this rather selfish world in which we live today. Good work for all concerned. A few films bring me to tears and gives me a pause to think about life in general and also to be glad for all the things I have and not to be sad about things I did not, but this movie did it was incredibly elevated with respect to the subject.
