Anna (Ursula Andress) is listed as the official R.N. former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), a seemingly caressing older widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads a group of heirs and entrepreneurs, including US entrepreneur Mr. Jack (Jack Palance), with later motifs reflecting what Anna and the lady really are doing. She has a history of women, and she would like to be a little "vulnerable" when he is cured. The criminals are exhaled because Anna does not come and approaches the earl. The end may be ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much on the plot - this movie is a totally erotic comedy, from start to finish, and oh how well. There are many nude scenes, including Anna and Jole, one of those malevolent heiresses played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Lucian are remarkable continental ex-bond women, thus fulfilling fantasy of the audience. As with Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays femme fatale, something, though less elegant. Perhaps the best scene is Anna (slow) complete strip and jumping in bed with young Adone, "another patient" (who incredibly resists) in an effort to find out what he knows about the plot. But even now she is twice (for the better) because she has decided not to go. However, Benito is more than double the time with women who had long rings with Anne and Jole in the past, and the opponent's best erotic scene follows him and Jole. This is a permanent encounter in which Luciana is only on black panties. Another nice one is Ursula, who is full of naked in the pool. Хмеar is free of charge, asvodu jsmeládkaното ,тkosti VOLures Fig. Hey, somehow I came back to the names of the actresses in my description. Erotic scenes involving other women include fun naked wine cellars. "Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it is pleasant without interruption, it starts to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
