I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I ever liked him in whatever I saw him. The opening scene of this film confirmed my worst worries. There was Adam Sandler, playing a somewhat ridiculous looking figure who moved around New York on a motor scooter, looked inherited and lost. A typical type of Sandler singer, I thought. I almost went there and there. But then, when I bowed down to this, I discovered something I never knew before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly outstanding in this film as Charlie, the lost and lonely figure whose entire family (including the dog) was killed in one of the kidnapped planes on September 11th and which apparently lost all touch with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays his former colleague roommate who joins Charlie unexpectedly and takes over as his mission to help him better. Of course, Cheadle Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of misfortune, and sometimes these two men manage to help each other through their troubles. Two of them made a completely credible team and Sandler especially made Charlie a real one looking at his emotions and feelings. This is not Sandler's comedy. If you are looking for it, go to one of his other, more powerful things. It's a pretty heavy movie - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always fascinating. There are some funny parts in it. I loved the scene in which Charlie persuades Alan to confront his partners by reminding him how tough he is at college, and then an interview that both have. <br /> <br /> I personally did not think Saffron Burrows added much to the film as Donna, the apparently needed Johnson patient. The only reason the character seemed (based on one remembrance) was that she looked awful like Charlie's late wife, but it was never really developed and I did not care. Look at the part of the judge played by Donald Sutherland, which I thought was a part of him. As far as I'm concerned, it's Sandler's movie and it's a great performance for him. Definitely, in my opinion, it is his best. 8/10
