I have to admit that this film has moved me to the extent that I cracked. I have always thought about things twice, and instead of writing an eulogy that would define the film as flawless and impeccable, I prefer the risk of a closer look. First thing first: The film has an unquestionable impact on the viewer simply because it begins and continues as a slow movie that does not attempt to throw you away from the real scenes of September 11. This genital stroke is going on, because, unlike Stone's WORLD TRADE CENTER, the film is fortunate to focus on the attack itself, but on a crash that is hardly visible but dangerous and destructive. The psychological impact, the total devastation that caused 9/11, and the difficulties that caused the American people are almost palpable in this film. I think Binder has mastered the observation of the American society after September 11, and Sandler, in my opinion, has risen from the average comedic actor to the true talent that delivers an Oscar-like performance. However: In the movie BLOOD DIAMOND, it says the character of Capricio and I quote: "Oh, these Americans always want to take note of their feelings." Now I do not want to frustrate their suffering, but I would certainly like to compare them. From September 11th, the world is confronted with memories, memorials and comments from September 11th. Hollywood industry and writers like Safran Foer are more than mentioning until September 11 in their works. Now, this enormous amount of cultural products that deal with 9/11 will transform the deaths of 3000 people into the greatest tragedy of this young century. The number of books written on this subject and the number of films on this subject, and I say that with all due respect, somewhat neglected the importance of this crime. <br /> <br /> The facts are: People die every day because of unjust acts and terrible crimes committed by bad or simply lost people. We have a war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Burma and many other countries. Everyday we forget the poverty suffered by the African people and we tend to perceive them to a lesser extent than the American victims of September 11th just because they are black and because their lives have little to do with our Western lives. Africa has neither the money nor the potential to commemorate its national tragedy in a way that America can do. So what I say is this: The reason we feel more about the 3000 victims of 9/11 and their families is that we are constantly reminded of September 11th. No day goes without a newspaper article, movie or book that will be on September 11th. <br /> <br /> Finally: I was talking to Charlie Finemann, but I was not sure if I had the right to feel for him more than for Hutu, who had lost his whole family in the Rwandan civil war. <br /> <br /> Did you catch me?
