Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also let his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York City. But somehow he feels that his life is somewhat empty. One common day in the city, he sees his old colleague roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan has not seen Charlie for years. When Alan again tries to make friends with Charlie. Charlie is a lonely, depressing man who conceals his true feelings from the people who care for him. Since Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in an airplane crash, they were on one of the planes on September 11, 2001. When Alan nearly felt good with Charlie. When Alan mentions his past, Charlie becomes violent towards Alan or someone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier for himself. But Alan finds Charlie talking about his real beginnings is more difficult than expected. Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) made a wonderful touch of human drama that moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance that Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than was the case with Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is as good as usual. Pinkett Smith is alright as Alan's supporting wife, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist, and Saffron Burrows is pretty good as a beautiful odd woman who has a wild boar on Alan. Unfortunately, this film was a disappointment of the box, although he had some great reviews. Cast is the most important writing and director is the amazing and amazing wide-angle cinema Russ T. Alsobrook. The film has a great location in NYC, making the New York movie a beautiful city that looks at it. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a sharp anamorphic widescreen transmission (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. DVD also features Sandler & Cheadle jam session, featurette, photomontage and previews. I've been waiting for more on DVD features, such as the sound of the director's tracks and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is definitely one of the best movies this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Which sadly I do not have the chance to see it in the theater. But it's also a movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has plenty of known faces in supporting roles and bit parts. Even the director has a small role as Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underestimated pictures this year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste from "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it. Widescreen HD. (**** 1/2 of *****).
