Most of those who get into this movie will have an idea of ​​what's going on; One loses his entire family and even his dog on a flight from Boston, which is a fatal morning on September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before you look at this movie is as follows: How does it feel; What are you doing? and how would it affect you and the way it relates to every day of waking? The story slows painfully from the gate and then gets warm when it gets a bit of a speed, while the recently relaunched relationship between dental lecturer Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former colleague Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) stirs and begins to shape. Characters appear in this movie, whose presence initially appears to be mandatory and not well developed, but in fact it will remain with this story and you will find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story plausible - and accurate. Real people live in a real situation in which they can do little, but they are aside while one is falling apart. The pain inside Charlie's soul is clearly apparent from the first introduction and grows when we learn more about his character, which Sandler clearly revealed as layers of onion? one layer at a time with lightness and combined weight. It's such a gentle performance that floats on you and gets into your head while watching it on the canvas. Cheadle Alan Johnson is just as gentle and very Don Cheadle. Always observable, the ease that is obvious when Cheadle on the screen speaks of his perfect acting ability. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is fine in texture, just as it will require situations. Fineman does not want friendship or anyone to come into his life, and despite Alan's own, it's simple and honest to get into intrigue and rescue like Charlie. Alan has the task of carefully opening Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is a natural danger in the process. The more Alan moved Charlie to open, he went so far as to engage in friendly and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), the closer he was to the danger of Charlie skipping. It is the abyss that Charlie tears every waking moment and one has learned to go through a total rejection. He refused everything that previously existed for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his sadness is one thing he can not deny. Sandler had so deeply withdrawn into the pain of his character during the story that at the time he met his demons, the viewer shared the pain almost the same. Alan stands by Charlie during this challenging process, with the risk that he will be able to carry his perfect home life - a joyful and effective Janean run with an admirable grace and efficiency. (Jada Pinkett Smith) When Alan tries to revive Charlie, he looks inside and discovers his own quiet shouts at the death of independence he once owned and the boy he lost as a man. His reward for helping Charlie helps to reconnect with what he has lost. The theme is similar to Fisher King; another story of a man who is isolated from madness and loss to madness. Just like Fisher King, the story ends with a traditional one, there's someone for all of them. Director Lindia Sinclair (played by Amanda Plummer's beautiful Fisher King) is Donna Remarra (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of decay and a prominent patient of Johnson who appears to be just unstable enough, Charlie's frontier madness. It's a good end of the story, but one element is probably probably probable. Then again, maybe it's really someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
