We have a situation here. It seems that a person is in need and people want to help - in contrast. Eventually they are forced to leave it. You can not fix people. And although in various aspects of Reign Over Me is conventionally Hollywood, this message is not. This story is not about Charlie Finemann (Adam Sandler), a man who lost his wife and three daughters in the 9/11 airplane, who has since gone into the almost psychotic state of PTSS. This is what Charlie does with Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a dentist in New York who was his roommate in dentistry, and he knew of his tragedy to see him on the street and rejoin. Charlie rode on a small toy motorized scooter - a nice fine color to negotiate traffic in Manhattan - with large headphones on a pile of disparate hair. Hair is Sandler's main stand, which shows he's concerned. And the use of music as an escape must come home to every rider on the subway that controls the iPod. <br /> <br /> Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically, Alan, stuck with her controlling wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon becomes envious of him. Charlie lives like a nutty, teenage boy with a huge trust fund (insured money from the tragedy) and begins to attract Alan to "go out", "eat Chinese", buy records or watch the Mel Brooks marathon at a repase. Charlie lives in a nice big apartment that is protected by an average household, repeats the kitchen again and again, collects old Vinyl Springsteen, Who, etc. And plays a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a huge screen in a large empty living room. <br /> <br /> Charlie's in-laws are deeply disturbed for him, but also somewhat excited as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who suggests him. Charlie's despair brings us to Alan. I try to help Charlie partly allow Alan to escape from his own suppressing facts, but in part he only becomes more aware of it. Cheadle and Sandler do a couple, but it does not matter because it is convincing that they both need each other. Charlie is a desperate companion for a companion who never knew his family because he escaped his loss, pretending he never had. So, as a roommate, Charlie slept naked and slept and had a terrible musical taste (not Motown)? Alan wants to escape his tidy and exhausting life. It is under the thumb of not only his wife but also his dental partners who control him, although he is the one who has prepared this practice. By the way, they are white and he is black. There is also a lascivious patient of hell who seriously disrupts things at dental surgeries, but it starts to look different when Charlie comes and notices that he is a kitten. His libido seems to be lying ready to revive at any moment. He is also attracted to the breasts of Liv Tyler, a psychotherapist in the same building as dentists, who are beginning to try to treat Charlie when he admits he may need help. Sandler's crazy scenes are a bit too theatrical, like a lot of fence devices (in fact, this movie feels like a game in more than one place) but has several monologues expressing its sadness in a way that is deeply touching. <br /> <br /> Charlie is not just a vicious and sad, but dangerous and violent, and all these efforts that will help him get crazy. The film is admirable in the sense that it feels like people are not right. This is an interesting movie - sometimes a touch - and this is the first time that has been dealt with in connection with suffering. But there is an element of comedy that sometimes seems to be without a taste, many people are too broadly cartoon and supernatural Hollywood interiors have a terrible decor; only Manhattan streets look real. There is a court scene that is absurd, and Donald Sutherland is a judge who is too good to be true. Alan's family problem is solved too easily with a phone call. Still, it is worth watching the acting - Cheadle and Sandler's control and subtlety in a serious role almost as good as the one he had in P.T. Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love 2002, although it's a better movie, is actually much better.
