I did not really go to "Reign Over Me," because I knew exactly what I expected from the director or story. The plot was easy to understand, I think. The entire family of this man died in 11/11, and he shut down the world from his life. OK. I did not know if it would be used as an example of terrorism as a platform to talk about it or about other issues related to it, and it really is not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid to be surrounded by political views that may differ from yours, I would not care. I think writing even made sense never ever explicitly mentioned "September eleventh". <br /> <br /> Overall I was amazed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but it is definitely the drama where it counts. I usually do not think comic actors are really capable of acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of that (and though I think maybe you do not agree, Jim Carrey is also very well dressed .. sometimes). Sandler's performance by Charlie Fineman had a character that seems totally unreal on the surface and becomes absolutely credible. I have read many reviews that criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not one that resembles a few of his newer images) of a wife played well by Jada Pinkett Smith and called it static and boring, but that is absolutely untrue . It's deep, but some hide behind the main story that occasionally lags behind. (Which also means some very unusual transitions that were made at the beginning of the movie, with the strange fadeout "Make everything out of focus.") After about the first 40 minutes they are no longer used, perhaps it is important for character figures, artistically, or maybe the film is just beginning to reveal the point (one of the few, but certainly the most explicit) story, which is that sometimes people have to deal with grief in their own way. Perhaps it seems to us to be unorthodox, perhaps it seems totally unhealthy, but maybe what some people want more than anything else is just to forget. Just to exist. The film soundtrack was great and used music to watch and amplify moods rather than create them, giving writers and writers a sense of respect. The film takes the name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me", outside of Who's Rock Opera, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant for the real story, but it is strongly used in the movie during the peak and at the very end. The film moves well and does not feel like it stretches anywhere in its length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's view of this deeply broken and broken man, you will enjoy the film. You will be involved in the story and you will really feel that the characters are every minute. It's not the best movie of the year and there is no pioneering or positively amazing movie, but it's a very nice, traceable movie in all.
