In our home, we are enormous fans of Christmas Carols and we observe virtually every version of each Christmas, including Reginald Owen from 1938 and modern Patrick Stewart in 1999. Our main favorite is the black-and-white classics of 1951 because Alastair Sim IS Ebeneezer Scrooge and his conversions are most faithful. However, this 1984 edition has its own unique merit and makes a wonderful and entertaining story, completely true to Dickens' novel in general. (See my comments on other film adaptations if you are interested) <br /> <br /> First, George C. Scott may well look nice and does not make a bad Scrooge. I admire his hips, a long top hat and a hat. He depicted the finest fashion character of the game and a pretty gentleman. Sometimes Scott looks like Scrooge just a little too much, and he does not think so seriously as he should! This image has the best overall Christmas atmosphere, hopeful and optimistic. Somehow you know this story will have a happy ending. He was filming in Shrewsbury, England, looking a bit British. The movie has a beautiful musical score, with beautiful, live karaoling music in all the relevant parts of the story. Sometimes I almost felt how baked chestnuts and pudding sang in copper! <br /> <br /> Marley's terrible spirit (with his splendid crooked forehead) and all three Ghosts are quite convincing. The Christmas past is a beautiful ethereal lady, a gorgeous giant and jovial Christmas gift, yet come hooded and foretold as always. However, I found Scrooge's nephew Fred a little calm and gloomy, not as joyous and heartfelt as he should be. I like the wife of a nephew named Janet with her beautiful, spooky long hairstyles. Instead of a blind bluff, they prepared the Similes game for a nephew's Christmas party, a cute little touch, Scrooge got into the spirit of the thing. Cratchits and their somewhat modest (though much appreciated) Christmas dinner are well-rendered, with Bob (David Warner) suitably liked and long suffering in a mile of scarf. Mrs. Cratchit is beautifully portrayed by Susannah York, who also starred with George C. Scott in the amazing adaptation of Jane Eyre in 1970. Above all, this version is undoubtedly the best Tiny Tim, not only adorable and cute little, but ill. With those dark circles under his eyes, this is a fragile thing that seems unlikely to survive for an hour! <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful and joyful version of the famous classic. Its festive atmosphere will surely take you in the spirit of the season.
