On 11 September 2001, millions were killed; but 2819 lives ended in a particularly terrible way. They were the victims of the airplane abduction of an extremist whose only task was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film deals with a deep look at four people whose lives were destroyed by this catastrophic event and a man whose life was broken by the loss of their lives. Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, lost his wife and three children on September 11 when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally exterminated by events, he eventually loses contact with anyone who reminds him of his former life; including his in-laws and best friend (played respectively by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, and Mike Bender). He gets into total denial and tries to forget his former life. This continues until he arrives at his old friend, Alan Johnson College (played by Don Cheadle), whom Fineman will not forget. The two began to catch up, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his former life to convince him to find help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains his trust for Johnson. <br /> <br /> Although all this is going on, Alan Johnson's life is going wrong. He is his own person (dentist) who helps to start dental practice. One day, his patient named Donna Remar (playing Saffron Burrows) tries to move on to him and tells him that he wants oral sex. This is an unprecedented surprise for Dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. When he arrives from work on a certain working day, he will see his old friend (Fineman) and try to unlock him. He is unsuccessful but gets another chance and convinces Fineman to take his coffee with him, though Fineman does not know who he is. One of the most interesting things about this film is its use of music as a motive. One of the physiological crutches of Fineman is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open his past or to talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts the headphones and drowns the world with his things. When the film ended I had to think: how would I deal with the loss of my family? How could I deal with such tragic events? It's something we do not think too often about. We always think they will be there, and we often take it for granted, whether we intend or not. We usually realize how important they are when it's too late; and such a blow can be destroyed physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how to handle such a thing. Do I want to face the problem with my head, to cope and continue in my life, or would I just put on my headphones and block the world?
