As a person who never made Adam Sandler talent like he did with him and many comic actors like him, I went to Reign Over Me to expect a great movie not only because of his presence in the movie but because I thought it looked like quite well. Even someone who already thought Sandler could bring an effective dramatic performance writes here that I was surprised how fantastic he was in it. He will cry you, especially in his deliberately sudden and unexpected monologue. What's amazing about his role is that he's a figure that's hard to say we've seen. We have seen many emotionally scarred figures, many mentally retarded people, many loners, many passionate artists with their own powers, but Sandler's Charlie Fineman is none of them. In some respects, each one may have a taste, but his character is indeed unpredictable and completely individual. It's a pleasure for the audience to be emotionally drawn from it and be dragged by every way someone whose problems, thoughts and provocations are completely different from most characters like him. Don Cheadle brings interesting performance at a completely different level. It's every man. He is the most normal person in the world, so you can hardly find many characters like his, or at least some that is played in the way that Alan Johnson plays, whose name is even found on the assembly line. Cheadle is brilliant in being funny, stinky, smart and stupid, as so many normal people. The rest of the cast is populated by actors and actresses who have hardly done anything in a minute but in full color roles. Jada Pinkett-Smith is an overgrown upper-middle-class woman, Donald Sutherland is an impatient but surprising judge. Robert Klein is Sandler's numbing father-in-law. The script of Mike Binder is pretty brilliant because he says something deep about the miracles of communication in all its forms. It is much finer than, say, Babel, and is much closer to the home ideal. The camera is only interested in the reality of its images, unlike just the style. This movie struck me as a kind back to the style of the kitchen-sink of the 1970s. The cinematography was grainy and tilted, but it was her charm. It was not about attracting us to the camera itself and a shimmer that would complicate its stories. <br /> <br /> Music that plays the lead role in the movie and its title is very strong. From the beginning you feel like you want something else about the soundtrack about Schmidt or Little Miss Sunshine, but you soon realize that you are for more than that. In fact, the movie is filled with lots of music that stimulates many of the most emotional scenes. Reign Over Me is the main statement not only for the company but also for the film itself. This shows that even the director Blankman is capable of miracles.
