Comedy actors in Hollywood seem to surprise me with their talent as dramatists: first it was Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)'}, then it was Jim Carrey {Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004), then Will Ferrell {'Stranger than Fiction (2006)') and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's perfectly correct: one who has a career based on the creation of non-brain-related comics that do not concern. I have always been a fan} finally gave me a performance that can be proud. Of course, some readers may wonder what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)", but I can assure you it's a movie that I'm currently taking action to see as soon as I hear, amazing. My first film directed by Mick Binder "Reign Over Me" is an intelligent and impressive exploration of sadness and friendship. Although this is sometimes done in a well-known territory, the rather predictable story is surprisingly deep and moving, both with Sandler and Don Cheadle, which gives an unforgettable performance. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he finds himself unable to adequately communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and so his marriage is a little restless. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former roommate roommate, a man who has lost all his family in terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, and who is still confronted with his overwhelming feelings of sadness. (Charlotte often looks like Bob Dylan), has left his dental career and spends his time in solitude: he listens to music with headphones that turn off the sound of the outside world, drives around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, dives he made fantastic video games and repeatedly painted apartment kitchens in accordance with the final wishes of his late wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, he no longer recognizes an old friend who has completely abandoned his life experiences. Indeed, at first, he does not recognize the existence of his family and suddenly loses his mood whenever someone suggests he is looking for counseling. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem a bit of exploitation to make creators using the September 11 attacks as a story device. Would not it be so devastating if Charlie's family died in a common, everyday road accident? However, if you think the director is aiming to show the enormous pain caused by ordinary citizens as a result of the tragedy, then "Reign Over Me" does a very good job. It is easy for you to get into insignificant statistics that you are neglecting the emotional cost of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 film I saw that really did deal with the misery of those who did not even get involved, whose only anxiety was the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising diversity in a difficult role that would break into pieces if he was unable to do the job. Instantly, between gayness, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can sympathetically sympathize, a hollow soul who, through his old friend's company, finally sees the light at the end of a dark, bleak tunnel.
