They can be spoilers! Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who has lost his family in a tragedy (terrorist attacks on September 11), is still grieving over their deaths. He returns to former colleague roommate Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and they both rekindle their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend cope with a terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This film is a story about how fate in our lives is being promoted, when we ourselves can not do anything about our own states of being. Alan is stuck in a life he knows he no longer fills. She feels without a friend and without touching her own reality. She is unable to communicate with her wife and co-workers at work. He can not express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and away from his own world. Chance on Charlie on Manhattan Streets while driving from work. Eventually, he meets and discovers that Charlie, who does not remember Alan, lives in his fake reality. Charlie returned to life when he had no family. He lives as if he is still a student who plays in a rock band, collects vinyl records of the 60s and 70s and plays video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life, where there are no bad ones and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow influenced by the tragedy that has plagued Charlie and his forgiveness at a previously different and better (?) Place. His estate is his protector and great asset. His in-laws are subtracted from his life because they would take him back to the reality that his family is now away from his life. And Alan is most affected by the fact that Alan wants (in the first selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means of pumping out of his own confused reality and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie start recovering from his self-induced blame and rejection of loss. Through this relationship, not only can Charlie begin to heal, but Alan actually learns to communicate and carry her real desires with her coworkers at work, and finally she is able to confess to her wife that she has not been able to communicate her real feelings, but that He wants to love because he loves her. It's really a filthy moment in the movie when things get into a fan and Charlie is confronted with the reality that he is postponed that he and Alan talk about the situation together over "Chinese" that Charlie says he's really cared for Alan and not for yourself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you leave it, will guide you through the river of emotions and let you think. You will laugh as Charlie uses his words as people really in everyday life to make a comic statement about the real situation. It leaves tears at your fingertips (in my case, real tears) when Charlie confronts her grief and begins to cope with her huge loss. And in fact, the tragic reality of his guilt and loss never really left him, and he was the only way he knew it: denial. It will be a curse for the cold, unthinkable activity of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did at Charlie's hearing!) And he will be smiling to you on the understanding of the old and wise, righteous judge (Donald Sutherland, who is great in his short distinct role and gives the best performance of a wise, stern person in the legal profession, since Wilford Brimley played assistant to the Attorney General in the absence of evil.) <br /> <br /> The film was also amazing for me for several other reasons: ) I never looked at my watch once during the filming of the movie. That is, I was from the beginning to the end, (2) although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important to playing the characters' role in the film. The race was an insignificant role factor role in this film. Amazing people can really communicate with this reality that is brought out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial agent refers to Charlie's tragedy loss as "what Charlie did on 9/12." Time will be a true test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of the film is not only to have fun, but to think and take the film with you after a long time after leaving theater, then Reign Over Me has succeeded phenomenally in terms of me. I have not yet forgotten this amazing film I remembered, and I will wait impatiently for the day I can buy it as a DVD.
