Reign Over Me is a success thanks to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedic actors are made more dramatic, it is rather scattered, Sandler is no stranger to playing a more serious role. Most of the characters he portrays have an unstable temperament and a vulnerability that can crack anytime. It could even be broadcast for characters with such hidden anger problems. However, this performance has some considerable dramatic weight, unlike its roles in less comedy fares like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. In the movie, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs into his old college roommate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), who he has not seen for years. Five years before, Charlie suffered a tremendous loss of his wife and three daughters in an airplane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character to suppress his memories and the resulting segregated lifestyle of the child from the accident. Only after Alan is involved in the conversation, Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, and eventually will allow him to face the thoughts and feelings he himself has suppressed. <br /> <br /> Though writer-director Mike Binder does not show much sense of individual style and some of his shots and transitions are a bit clumsy, he has the talent to get decent performances from his actors while he is a talented and entertaining writer. He made this film with a digital camera, as more and more creators do today, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. It kept the colorful background of New York in the spotlight, but resulted in the creation of frequent digital grains that resemble blue spots scattered and moving on the screen. Almost every major figure in Reign Over Me gives great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and Liv Tyler in particular are remembered in their roles as the frustrated wife of Cheadle's character and psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle, which give some of their best work to date. They owned the film completely. Sandler actually plays a character that resembles or resembles at least, partly credited to his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although Cheadle's character has more time on the screen than Sandler, both should be considered to be a major actor, as they also support and help in the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a big role in this movie, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" from The Who and later covered with Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows that Sandler uses music to turn off his feelings and memories, but this special song causes such intense emotions that, rather than diminishing his anger, he stimulates his emotions. Everything Reign Over Me is a funny, sad, yet very entertaining movie, powered by great performances.
