Love Hurts. This is, in my opinion, the main message of Mike Binder's latest film Reign Over Me. Whether this love causes your relationship to become permanent, or to bring anger from the one you love, you cheat for years, or you broke your heart to the point that you can not open to the world, you love hurting. The great thing about this film is not to portray these lost souls that try to keep their past bouts of heart, but in the event of a re-launch of new ties to the future. Nobody in this path is perfect; all are to some extent emotionally imprisoned in relationships that they can not free themselves from. There is some heavy object material and I loan Binder for never making a story turn into political diatribe but instead infuses serious moments with some real nice comic bits allowing the story to remain characteristic and small in scale compared to the epic event that happens overhead . What could become a huge vehicle for our views on how 9-11 caused us all ends with a story about the two men and relationships they share, the only thing that can save lives from depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is a new career for Adam Sandler. I would like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see the childish, frantic anger in his silly comedies, as something he uses dramatically. Juvenile characters like Billy Madison allow laughter and potty humor, but also can be used to show a suppressed person, shy and shutout to the world around him? A man without trust who needs an event of compassion to break him out of his shell. Anderson let Sandlera do just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder he took a step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that destroyed the World Trade Center on 9-11. That moment he crushed any life he had, and as a result he became detached and began to believe that he could not remember anything that had happened before that day. He really delivers a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep the charade in his head, while those around him, those who love him, try and open it to what has happened and what the future is. Always on the edge and ready to squeeze something at any time, when something has eased off to recall the memory of her extinct family, she goes through her iPod and headphones and turns off everything so that she is not tempted to remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Finemann, but about the dental and family man Alan Johnson. The man who marched in marriage and dental practice that they both stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs so much help in his life as his old colleague, roommate Charlie. Perfectly played by the great Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine to try and change his life. He has no friends, and when Charlie sees it by chance, one day his life is developing into something he did not feel in 15 years. He sets out to go out with an old friend no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to go back to the day of study when Sandler does not know because it was before he met his wife. Both men get what they want, and they let themselves approach even after the years of loneliness that ruled their lives. But as soon as they begin to open, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy will sneak up and try the facade they have created for themselves. Supportive casting does an amazing job that helps keep things out of the way. two wires. Jada Pinkett Smith was never an actress who made me feel and in the movie played hell as a wife of nails, but it's her final scene on the phone with Cheadle, which really showed me something else and true. Liv Tyler is a bit away from her psychiatric element, but the film calls her to do that and makes a bad, perfect casting. Many small portraits are also effective, even the role of writer and director Mike Binder as Sandle's best friend and accountant. (My only problem is why he feels the need to put his name in introductory credits as an actor when he's everywhere that's his movie). Last but not least, they are beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays a distracted, divorced love that tries to make her life back wonderful. The role, which first seems to be a comical relief, but ultimately is an integral part of what's coming. Binder has created one of the best studies of dramatic characters I have seen long ago. The direction is almost flawless (the blurring between the cuts and the figures in the front / in the background was really annoying at the beginning), it was great and the story was faithful to herself, without making it easier to break out or wrap herself in a bound bow. Even the music was fantastic and accustomed to not being emotional, because after two great uses of the title song, The Who Binder, she felt the need to use Eddie Veddar's final editing for the end, I do not know, but unfortunately I lost myself. Reign Over Me is a movie about love and how, though it can cause the worst pain that one can imagine, it can also save us from regret and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
