This film was screened last night at Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were honored with the presence of director Mike Binder and the stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who listened to the audience after the film. It is a remarkable and powerful film about what it is like you are lost and started to find your way back. Performances are phenomenal and the story can become both a tragic and fun way that is too rare. (The movie pendant tries a little hard to emphasize comedic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is an escape for Adam Sandler. As he began to play dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is an important step for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination as he continues the transition to the more dramatic roles Tom Hanks has done and Jim Carrey also does. In this role, he seemed to be trying to cast Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man. Although a person with autism is certainly very different from the traumatized character of Sandler, both characters are for various reasons imprisoned in their own worlds of child isolation and confusion. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as well. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash we were expecting a remarkable variety of performances from Cheadle. It has the qualities of sincerity and sincerity that come in this role. But he is also broken and fighting, if not as deep as Sandler's character. Cheadle faces difficulties both in his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together with the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler, they try to heal each other in the way they often do their friends (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both look for the part of themselves that they lost and tried to find again. Reign over Me is one of the best studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost entirely different in the plot, is amazing. Shooting in the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and had to heal - is also beautiful. Jason Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder themselves are pretty good. Writer / director Mike Binder has indeed delivered a story that many people can connect on many levels. This is a story about grief, family, healing, men's friendship, mental health, and the meaning of love. The King will not disappoint me. The film is almost hypnotic when it attracts you to the life of your characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation for making more charismatic movies like Reign Over Me.
