Everyone is surely familiar with this most famous story? a carefree merchant has visited the spirit of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his inexorable way, he will be condemned to the afterlife in chains. To avoid the fate of his partner, three spirits visit him, showing him the vision of the breezes of the past, of the present, and of the coming ones, so that he may see the error of his ways before it is too late. A rather morbid story might think, but it's classic Charles Dickens and one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. For me this is the definitive version of Dickens' timeless story; that's the one I always remember at school and I remember being totally scared! The spirit of Jacob Marley, the final scene with a Christmas present under the bridge, and fans of Christmas comes, especially I felt very scary. How did the film receive the "U" certificate? (For non-UK readers, it has the lowest classification, it means families are friendly and children are welcome, nothing to scare, etc. ... This certainly does not apply, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment positive horrifying with the grim specter of the christmas future As it may be, from many versions of this classic story that I saw the adapted film, it is perhaps the most faithful book, most notably the segment, seldom seen in film edits of the original text - that that the spirit of the Christmas gift shows Scrooge two children hidden beneath his cloak (you would never get that scene!) Children show ignorance and trouble (even though they have changed to "You Want In This Movie.") Critics for me, however, I watched them again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one being George C. Scott's sc I do not want to use the word cheerfully because, of course, Ebeneezer is different, but he seems to be just a shabby old man, rather than a positively awkward, cold and uninteresting person who is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart famously portrayed him in one of the latest films, and Michael Caine, despite playing Muppets, was positively cool. Further, the evolution of the character during the film, when he learns more about the error of his paths and grows to redemption, is not convincing and seems to be inconsistent. It seems to have changed slightly at the time he reaches the last hour of the third spirit. But ignoring this (though great) ugly, it is still an enchanting and eventually heart-warming Christmas story, like all Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like the perfect picturesque, picturesque, snowy English city that many Americans probably imagine to be still (the truth is that even at that time London was gray and dirty and no snow was ever so white!) And everyone is so perfectly dressed, even poor people look a bit dapper. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why should not it look good? Perfect holiday tour; along with copies It's a wonderful life, a 34th street wonder and a snowman and you have everything you need.
