This modern film noir, with its unbeatable humor and a dizzying successor of plot, is a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great fun from start to finish. It is impossible to concentrate on a sincere, inconspicuous hero or to be grasped by the ways in which they try to emerge from the terrible problems that have come so that you can only hold the seat belt and enjoy it It's the story of an ordinary guy who makes a poor decision and then finds out, that its effects drive him into an uncontrollable sequence of events he can not escape from is a purely film noir. The same applies to the topics of murder, fraud, corruption and duplicity that are all-pervasive. Many of the well-known Nine-themed visual motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke, rain-drenched road at night, shaded interiors and shadow lines (created by blinds) on people's faces shine. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded veteran of war without money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming, and is mistaken by Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) he is agreed to employ for murdering his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally honest man, does not do anything to Wayne for exploiting him, especially because he can work and first does not realize what he would expect from him. After being told what his mission is and receiving a $ 5,000 advance, Suzanne visits and warns her of Wayne's plan. He does not seem to be much interested in the dangers he poses and offers Michael twice the fee that Wayne has offered to exclude his spouse. Michael decides to take the money he has received from both sides and leave the city. But his plan fails when he accidentally comes to the man who stands in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to get treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things get complicated when it turns out that the patient is a Suzanne lover and has two stomachs in her stomach. This leads to local law enforcement officials joining and revealing that Wayne is a sheriff! From this point on, things are still complicated and definitely more dangerous, especially when a real hit comes true, Lyle of Dallas (Dennis Hopper). "Red Rock West" has some great moments of tension (an example is the scene in which Michael escaped from Wayne Bar) and some great performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing when responding to different situations with anxiety, surprise, or uncertainty, and JT Walsh is also particularly good as a fraudulent figure that always hides more than he really says. Dennis Hopper is terribly threatening as a bad contract killer (a role he plays with great passion) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks cool cold and counts as a femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and humor moments in his acting role as a nonsense truck driver. Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to be denied general cinematography, but rightly emerged from its modest beginnings to eventually be recognized as a great movie that really is.
