Red Rock West is one of the narrowest thrillers of New York that we rarely see. It's great, well-functioning and does not leave us free ends or unanswered questions so typical of this genre. Nicolas Cage stars as Michael, an unemployed Texas rugged, desperate to work up to Wyoming for a possible job. He is honest about the mistake, but always on the dark side of fate. When Michael was unable to get a job, he would hit the Red Rock bar, where owner Wayne (JTWalsh) called from Dallas, who hired his beautiful but deadly wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Wayne gives Michael the necessary details and a backup shot for Suzie the adulterer. Without trying to continue, Michael is taking the money and then preparing to warn Suzanne against her threat. He also sends a letter to the local sheriff who draws up the story and divides. As fate dictates, Michael will not get rid of a situation that is so easy. During a stormy stormy storm, he runs over Suzannes. Of course, Michael is Michael and takes him to a local hospital where he finds himself shot dead. The Sheriff is summoned and, as a fortune, Wayne is also a local law. Michael managed to escape when he took the last ride and then picked up the real "Lyle of Dallas", played with the murderous pleasure of the strange Dennis Hopper. After finding out that they are Marines colleagues, Lyle insists Michael is coming to drink to where else, the Red Rock Bar. Tam Wayne realizes his mistake and soon he and Lyle are in an earnest endeavor for Michael, who volunteers to Suzannes waiting for weapons. When the pace rises, we find out that Wayne and Suzanne really want armed robbers. a lump for theft in millions of dollars. Getting money now becomes the focus of movies with a series of eyes, double crosses and murders. The film was very well occupied. Nicolas Cage was typically a low key, Dennis Hopper and Lara Flynn Bolye took over their roles with more than enough skill. The best performance was the late J.T. Walsh, who threatened without looking. Walsh was a great actor who left us too early. <br /> <br /> Marc Reshosky's photography has taken advantage of many unique angles that have added to the tensions and development of the plot. The film was further enhanced by John Dahl's strict directorial style and Morris Chestnut's fast-paced adaptation.
