From the film director "Last Seduction" and "Kill Me Again" comes another movie in the noir style. John Dahl created his own place by filming movies about adultery, extortion in the early 1990s. Though I did not have much opinion about the last seduction. But today Mr. Dahl has resorted to directing television shows. It's a shame because the man had talent. *** SPOILERS ** This is a pretty impressive movie that turns around the drigge Cage) that comes to Wyoming. However, he does not prove lucky and becomes a mistaken man from Texas who owns the J.T Walsh Bar. He is given the task of killing his wife (Boyle). But Cage decides to split after receiving a payment in advance without doing so. On the way out of the city, the guy hits the road and returns to the local hospital. At this point, Cage again meets Walsh, who also appears to be a local sheriff. Then Cage escapes from his connections, but he meets the real hit that becomes Dennis Hopper. John Dahl has written and directed this film together. That's why it's going to show that the project can become decent when the director makes his thoughts on the screen. Direction is a good standard, but when watching the movie, I got the feeling of a television movie. It was too close. This, however, does not distort the film from a pleasant experience. The film had a good pace and the structure was perfect. Dahl wrote a good-length script. Cage displayed a role as a drifter realistic, though for me his performance seemed rather restrained. His expression on his face was a sign. Lara Flynn Boyle was hot and she finished her role as a femme fatale. Its effect was far and can cause a guy to get to his knees. Hopper played his part well. But I feel it is bad for this role. He did not admit he had hit qualities. The role was not written so that he would remember his personality. <br /> <br /> When you view one of them, they will get you in previous movies like 'The Hot Spot' and 'Perfect Murder'. Because some sub-areas are similar. Overall, if you're a fan of noir movies, then it's for you. It is worthwhile to recommend. 7/10
