What we have here is a damn good little nineteen-year-old thriller that, while missing content, still delivers great entertainment all the time, and does everything that you might want to do for this movie. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly underestimated director for great thrillers such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought if this movie was in line with what I saw from the director, it would be good to see it - and Red Rock West is definitely a film Dahl can boast. The plot focuses on too moral Michael; a passenger traveling all over America is looking for a job. He finally finds one day when he encounters a bar in Red Rock County - just to catch them, the task is to murder a woman's man. He was confused with a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing his job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make an escape. His attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when real Lyle appears ... John Dahl seems to enjoy thrillers on the go; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and again nearly ten years from this movie with Roadkill. It's not hard to understand why Dahl chooses this kind of placement because it provides a fantastic atmosphere for a thriller that resembles this. Dahl also adds the film to the atmosphere of "film noir" because the plot focuses mainly on the central character, and the word into which it is submerged is full of dark and mysterious characters. Actor is very good, Nicholas Cage makes excellent work in the lead role and gains support from Class A by Lary Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; which again controls the screen with its top performance. The second half of the film is not as fascinating as the first one, but Red Rock West is definitely never boring, and the way Dahl orchestrates the final finale is great in that all the central characters are part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie that will probably not regret it. It's totally exciting and you can not ask for anything more than that!
