"Red Rock West" was one of the most prestigious thrillers of the 1990s with an excellent screenplay (John and Rick Dahl), who kept guessing you all the time and on the edge of your seat for most of the movie. He was a great director, John Dahl, and he was an amazing cast, including Nicolas Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and especially J. T. Walsh (in an unforgettable performance), making this immortal and fascinating thriller unforgettable. The film has never had too much publicity about the release (in fact, I first caught it on TV) and is therefore one of those strange gems you have to look for, but this unique movie is now slowly gaining cult. > <br /> Nicolas Cage is Michael Williams, who decays and does not have a job when he finds himself in the small town of Red Rock. She's going to be a contract killer, Lyle of Dallas, is shocked to be offered $ 10,000 for the murder of the wife of Wayne Brown's bar owner (excellent J. T. Walsh). He plays along with the plan and decides he should go and warn Brown's wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle), but then the conspiracy collapses and there are so many twists, turns and surprises - and double negotiations - that Cage is thrown from one crisis to another and finds himself trapped in a terrible situation he can not pull out of! After things get complicated, real Lyle appears to make a contract kill (played by every favorite heavyweight Dennis Hopper). When Hopper finds out what's going on, he's following Cage, but no one has seen the surprising events that follow. Some favorite lines from the movie: Nicolas Cage (Lara Flynn Boyle): "I hate to hurt an innocent woman, but it's a terrible amount of money." <br /> <br /> J. T. Walsh (to Cage): "Michael Williams Well, Michael, you'll spend some time with us until we get to the bottom of this" Boyle (to Cage): "Are not you a killer?" Cage: "That's true, no, but the guy I should just be in town, so you have to get out of here." Boyle (to Cage): "OK, how do you explain that she claims to be a persecuted killer and that she is charging $ 10,000 from my husband?" Extremely entertaining little thriller (only 98 minutes) with a never-ending story and powerful leadership. Any film with J. T. Walsh is O.K. in my book and "Red Rock West" was one of his best. How sad was that this extraordinary acting career was in 1998 tragically shortened by heart attack. The most productive period for film noir was undoubtedly forty, but "Red Rock West" is a good modern example of the genre and jumped directly into my "Top Ten" list of all the favorite films. I look forward to more than that of director John Dahl. 10/10. Clive Roberts. <br /> <br />
