Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest movie studio in the world. Although he was constantly filming movies and television shows since the 1930s, his golden age was surely between 1948 and 1955 when he produced a number of comedy masterpieces, many of which were played by the great Alec Guinness. Among those such titles include Whiskey Galore (1949), Passport to Pimlico (1949), Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949), Lavender Hill Mob (1951), Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) and The Ladykillers (1955). Ealing Studio, "Man in a White Suit", was released in 1951 and played by Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a great inventor who engineered remarkable fabrics, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unexpected but has great scientific talent. Because of his inadequate qualifications, he is the only job he can get as a policeman or laborer in any large textile factory where he secretly carries out his own experiments using his own money and equipment. After Sidney was discovered and thrown out countless times, he is convinced that it is only a few weeks from a major scientific discovery that will bring about a revolution in the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter, Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile industry, Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), is deeply interested in Sidney's abuse and agrees to finance any further work. After a series of unsuccessful attempts and quite a few explosions, Sidney eventually reveals his amazing creature: an almost white, white substance that is never dirty and never depleted. If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, then he was very disappointed. All the powerful bosses of the textile industry, led by the fragile Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), have joined together to ensure that a revolutionary invention that could cripple their business will never end in full production. Likewise, the humble laborers in the workers' union hear Sidney's creatures, and they also set out to erase him from existence and fear for his work. The inventor is convinced, however, that the durable fabric will bring many relief and happiness and refuses to surrender the demands of others, despite being threatened by violence and offering a compensation of £ 250,000. In all its troubles, only one person who offers Sidney full sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is betrothed to marrying someone else but fell in love with Sidney's situation, only announces the invention to her media. Man in a White Suit is a smart and cheerful comedy that has become a great humorous script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and the special and charismatic performance of an inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also several adventurous fluctuations in capitalism, and how a large industry can stop progress due to its own monetary situations, although we certainly see arguments for both sides of the debate.
