Often referred to as comedy, The Man In The White Suit develops much more than just a taste here and there. Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who does not have the chance to blossom his inventions into the world, because nobody will notice it, it's just a strange sphere of strange work for a man about the place as it was. After bluffing into the Birnley Textile Mill he uses his lab to achieve his goal of inventing a substance that never exhausts, but never needs to be cleaned! He is initially proclaimed genius and those who ignored him suddenly want a big deal of it, but then the ruin of the industry busts rises his head and recognizes it quickly turns to something far more scary. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very funny, in fact, some of the scenes are merry, but it is the satirical edge of the film that raises me so much that it's ordinary. Controversies about the arrival of technology are a crucial topic here, do we want to invent inventions that save us the wealth of closing down the industries? Just look at what happened to the coal industry in Britain to know what I'm about. The ten years that the film was filmed is a decisive point, as the production of nuclear weapons has become more than just a reinforcement, science has moved into a terribly new dimension. You are watching this movie and you will see the rapid turn of events for protagonist Stanley, from hero to the enemy in one bad shot, the victim of his own efforts for a better humanity! It's so dark that the movie should be called The Man In The Black Suit. I honestly can not find anything wrong in this film, it could be a script made by Roger MacDougal, John Dighton and director Alex Mackendrick, and it would not be such a place as the sharpness and thought of the mind he has. The sound and settings are enormous, the direction is seamless, with the tone shift that Mackendrick manages. Some scenes are just amazing, one particularly attracted to the strings of the heart and led to a discussion of a certain scene in David Lynch's Elephant Man 29 years later, and yet after such a drop in events, the film still can blink, while the genius Alec Guinness closes film, to think about the future of Stanley, but also the rest of us in this rapidly evolving world. Timeless masterpiece, thematically and as a work of art, 10/10.
