In my mind the best comedy Ealing and one of my favorite films of all time. The topic of the management staff (with a lot of talks about associations and rights) may be a bit of a date because it's not the subject that is being discussed so much, but it will not stop "White suits." The plot of a man who is attempting to create a revolutionary new fabric that ultimately brings the textile industry to riot does not seem exciting when written, but the film preserves that the essential spark of fantasy mixed with reality that calls it the true Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! The titled white suit that Alec Guinness wore during the second half becomes the center of several iconic images and sequences such as Guinness capable of using an indispensable thread to enlarge the clean wall! The screenplay itself is full of dry joke - "Is she okay?" "Yes." "Damage." - and the characterization is the first. I am always surprised by the wonderful direction of these films. Comedy of the later era would take the idea of ​​"show the camera to actors and leave it", but Ealing films have always tried interesting lighting, angles and innovation. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course it's a cast that lifts the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically undervalued performance, with eyes that carry a miracle, joy and crushing defeat whenever the story demands. Stratton is a man who does not forget everything but his work. Such insularity would soon become boring or irritating, but Guinness desperately likes it so much that the final stages of the film create a real sense of urgency when Stratton tries to get to the top of a world that wants to bury everything he always worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute joy to watch as usual as did Cecil Parker and slim Michael Gough; everyone laughs without trying. It's a comic British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> "Man in a White Suit" is 81 minutes of pure gloss, with great plot, great cast, sparkling joke and healthy dollops cynicism. Absolutely top-notch.
