One of the things that makes this comedy Ealing so unpleasantly funny is a smart editing. The shots that would be considered absolutely necessary for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is what was known as British underestimation.) <br /> <br /> Three examples: The comic fight is modified like this. Alec Guiness invented a new substance that will destroy the industry. Half of the businessmen invite him to his office to try to get him to sign a contract that gives up control of the fabric so production can be suppressed. When she's about to go, Guiness stands up and turns to the door. Two men block his way. "Excuse me," he said softly, taking a step forward. Both men move between Guinness and the camera. Shear. The secretary sits outside at his desk. There is silence until the beeper starts to signal its rage. He takes his laptop and opens the door to the interior office, where a full-blown Donnybrook runs, and the room is half wrecked. Guiness pulls the open door. The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guiness is preparing a complicated chemical device, but instead of exploding the experimental liquid to a new substance, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is excluded from all other work. Explosions continue. The ceilings will fall. Windows is blown away. The research director sits at his desk in a small office full of debris and dressing on his head. As the door opens behind him, he jumps his legs into the air. "Sit," he says to his visitors, "there is another one at a time." It's incredibly funny - and there's not one shot. This would be unimaginable without a fireball, and perhaps the building could collapse in a slow motion. The last example, which consists of a series of fast, inexorable cuts, has come together exactly. Guinness is chasing them and is deeply rooted in the lobby of the office building by people who want to sign a contract. Facing the two men who are about to make it, Guinness is firmly signed. It strikes against a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust pulls back and strikes the wall. There's a shot that takes about a second from the bust that hit the wall. Another short shot of the metal shield hung over the bust, which loosened and fell down. She quickly pressed against the head of the Guiness, who entered the frame. Cut the two men staring at the camera while the sound of terrible brass buzzing and beating sounds from the screen. Cut the apartment on the back of Guiness. No one would have babies today to show that the Guinness is crowned with this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue with this. It's a comedy in order, but it's a bit bitter under all the fun. In solving one set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He is against both leadership and work, neither of which has shown many advantages. And, of course, the economic consequences have something to do with more than substance. "What about the car running on the water with some or other pin?" one of the employees asks. "Own interests," comments another worker as Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What happens if our energy problems are resolved overnight? If I owned Exxon shares-and I think I'm doing-I would tremble at that idea. Where would the oil industry be if there was no need for oil? Why should the police and the FBI, should the crime suddenly disappear? This is a thoughtful and very entertaining film, greatly controlled and edited. The list of artists is insignificant. Joanne Greenwood with that harsh voice. Crazy Cecil Parker. Sipka mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> The most important task all around.
