The man in a white suit, just like I'm OK JACK, has a miserable look at work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he has never reached his college degree due to ... err ... an accident at a college lab). He succeeds in advancing to various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins, Michaels Gough and Gough try to impress their future brother-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him a company-shaped boat. During lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a report on some of the problems with the unexpectedly large budget problems of the lab. He reads huge spending (due to Guinnes' experiments) and turns on coffee. Guinness continues to work in Parker's business and repeats the same tricks he did with Gouge - but Parker will also find out. Greenwood has found out what Guinness is working on and persuades Parker to continue his experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently discovered how to make artificial filaments that can constantly change the electronic bonds in the molecular structure so that the fiber remains in good condition (for all purposes and purposes). Any fabrics made of it will never disappear, will not be dirty or depleted - it will last forever. Guinness has the support of a female business manager, but not her boss. He sees Guinness selling them to the rich. But when he explained to them what he had done, they turned against him. If all the clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, classmates of Parkers' textile moguls (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a stunning performance, and Howard Marion Crawford) are just as pathetic as they could end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. Only with Greenwood in the corner (although Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to get news of his discovery to the public. In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and greed. But in the end, the film looks at the bug in its calculations and we guess that one day it may eventually pull off its discovery. It's still a great comedy. But is the argument for suppressing valid? At one point, difficulties arise in fabrication (you have to heat the fibers to high temperature to actually allow the ends of the material to come together.) There is nothing to show that the fabric stretches if the owner becomes fat (or if the owner gets thin) We believe that people will want only one set of clothing for ages, what has happened with fashion changes and new styles, and the fabric is produced only in white (so Guinness looks like a white knight). Instead, it should be added to the process colored dye. Will it not affect the chemical reactions that keep the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not scientific paper, but the film about work and capital coverage in modern industry as such is brilliant, but the issues I mentioned still worry me about the validity of the suppression of Guinness's invention
