"Deliverance" is a deadly example of what gorgeous films came out of the 1970s. While your jaw crashes during the movie "Terminator", are you really sacred? I do not think you are there to find out what new CGIs are interconnected - the plot is not important. So many day-to-day situations can be totally terrifying because there are not many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ... or walking down a lightly illuminated street. "Liberation" is so scary, for those innocent acts can be deadly in the heart. Venturing into deep forests is fun? Anyone who has this idea will not read the papers, watch daily news, nor see any of the other films that show the severity of "persecution" in the territory where foreigners are not welcome. It is absolutely unbelievable that the Deliverance meal did not inform almost anyone who would see it as no picnic, and "wailing like a pig" was not part of the Deulling Banjos. <br /> <br /> I hate the term hillbillies because - as some "users" have written - it demeens the whole area of ​​people who are happy with life as they know - without the intervention of modern life. Many are made of "inbred" - it is not sexuality characteristic of trenches. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, city-whining is extremely stupid to enter a closed company and give them a stance. I know a lot of "hillbillies" - they are moral people when they are left to themselves. Their "righteousness" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, as well as "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should have its canoes and camping in legal places. "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight, I hope I'm wrong. He was very poorly paid for "Midnight Cowboy," because he was unknown but proved he could do this at the drop of a hat. His acting in "Deliverance" was excellent. We have shown that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His sobbing sob at dinner was great. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! One has to ask what led him to the other sticky movies? His manliness, albeit badly, has set the pace of perseverance in this film that is necessary to get out of the desert - not only in the depths but also in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was starry - his underwear might not have been wearing "Versace," but his shocking performance was perfect. As has been said, by the end of the film has become stronger than any of the groups. Ronny Cox played morale on the handle - everyone should have their determination to do what is right. Several "users" think he was shot or lost his balance when he entered the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted by the whole way, he committed suicide. No firearms were transmitted during the scene, and Voight and Beatty did not find any injuries. James Dicey surely knows how to connect a thrilling story and she was great as a sheriff - he says he was so scared of hearing that he is coming to the auditorium every year. His nature could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but they also knew they had no chance against the jury of local people, no matter how kindly they treated them in "Aintry." He was equally aware that so many people could be cruel. Justice? - "do not come back here again". Many "users" knew that "movies down the hill" were used in the movie whenever possible - which actors could better portray them? "Mountain Men" are really mountain men ... Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. Do you play? Better fight for life. I have experienced some unfortunate incidents, and I am pleased to live outside of the border - those who feel that your masculinity is raging may have a role to play. <br /> <br /> We have absolutely killed - and continue to do - the irreplaceable areas of this country. Being able to see its grandeur on any medium is charming, but it leaves the bitter desire to realize that they do not care about them. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built directly on the wildlife area and firmly believes that people come before the animals. That's their legitimate habitat - we should just let them. No wonder why the co-workers, bears and wolves go through the boroughs? It's theirs. In a less threatening way, we all need to learn the lessons to learn from the "Deliverance" - to understand that our advancement does not lead technologically to superiority. I thank all the teams who went to the wilderness to generate this modern classics so they can scare me when I look at them. You may have an exciting danger - I will keep the television. 30-out-of-10.
