Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 film about horror and thriller about a group of four businessmen from Atlanta (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who made a canoe trip along the Cahulawassee River before the river dam. By the way, men become a rafette (without a pun) of unpleasant things. Despite the damaging events in this picture, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river nicely. The place was really well chosen. In fact, it would be a very nice film to watch if the canoe trip went smoothly. Fresh forests and fine landscapes make horror more terrible. Not only is it a place of picturesque, but also magnificently shot thanks to cameraman Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that the performance of Burt Reynolds as director, Lewis, is a role actress in this film. However, I think Jon Voight steals the show as a part of the suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the scene in which he rises on the cliff was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. In order to reduce costs, filming was not insured and the actors made their own pieces. The soundtrack is particularly remarkable. Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel's guitar and banjo exhibition of Dueling Banjos remains one of the most amazing soundtracks in cinematography history for the full intensity of his performance. At some other places in the movie, we took care of another, softer banjo music that provides a very pleasant escort for a trip along the river. For all the good points of this movie, I found it a little missing. They do not make tension too well and it's not as terrible as we were believed. The conspiracy itself is somewhat poor and does not go nowhere. However, this film has enough good points to get my recommendations. I liked it, but for gore fans, it's not really a lot. In fact, none. It's not such a horror film as an adventure film that's a little bit acidic. Think of it as Rambo: The first blood will meet the three men in the ship. Watch out for the very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I like this movie, soundtrack, cinema and acting that deserves 7 out of 10.
