When the film breaks you up, it is a disturbing atmosphere and catches you in the throes of stunning cinematography, you know you've come across a movie, the masterpiece of the movie. Although most of the modern movies that are extremely enjoyable, like some of the ones that really shock you, are the strongest and are the ones most criticized and mostly stick with you all the time. I say proudly that I'm a fan of movies that cancels, not just horror movies, but those that send an atmosphere full of premonition. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing that send chill to your spine, so you think that "holy crap that can happen to me" and visually tempts you, are there with some of my most popular aspects in the movie. Because I'm only 21 years old, I grew up with actors such as Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, though I was familiar with them, I did not see their growth and acted as actors, unlike actors such as Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I have to say that after long hype and for the first time I witnessed the liberation, these veterans in the movie, which was held more than thirty years ago, admired and still live that it is terrorism in the competition of modern films. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, a macho self-appointed leader of a group of four friends, on a canoe trip down the fictional river in front of the dam, filling the entire desert in the water. The character of Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, some kind of nonsense, and filled with machismo. Witnessing how to portray this guy, he thought of him as a heretic because I saw him only as an angry old man or an angry politician. The dialogue the director provides for his character gives him enough malice to show himself as a powerful and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as adventurers novices, Drew and Bob, who join the fun of a canoe trip. The actor I was enjoying was Jon Voight, I saw him again as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I was very happy to play Voight (and I do not say Anacondu when I say that), such as National Film treasures. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has adventure experience, but is perceived as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader, and he deserves Lewis's machismo. The film basically opens with four rides to a small town and at the same time asks to find someone who will drive their cars at the bottom of the river while those canoes on the rapids and camps along the river. You instantly get into the horrible atmosphere of the hillbilly characters we introduced, as well as the tiny guy who plays at the beginning of the movie "Dueling Banjo's" with personality Ronny Cox Drew; and more so two mountain men in films that have a crucial and worrying scene. As with all atmospheric films, from that moment on, fear and confusion are filled with characters and audiences, and it is here to see how characters are shaping and changing form. The next canoe trip is professionally shot and from there men are fighting against the chance of man and nature to survive. Film kinematics will not allow, and I add this comment to the scene in which Ed fights with one of the rapist with a composite bow. When Ed falls on one of his arrows and notices that his enemy is approaching him, he cocks his rifle just to fire the floor when he falls by the arrow on his neck; was the biggest piece of film shooting I've ever seen in the movie. In the cover, Deliverance is one film whose fear and atmosphere bring mood across and to this date, remains one of the best films in the history of the film.
