It's one of the biggest movies ever shot. It's a classic classic. The character played by Ned Beatty will undergo one of the most significant transformations on the screen ever seen. It's a shallow, almost unnecessary overweight insurance agent. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet judges the "reverse hicks" to be unconscious. When the old man's hat on the hat and the old man responds, "you do not know", "the tone is set, that's true, he really does not know anything." "But one later anal rape, the man is virtually a warrior. His shallow fake bravery is embodied in earnest determination. The old I is forever dead, abandoned in a far forest, soon under hundreds of feet of water. What about Lewis, our fearless guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior and he's just nuts. In 1972, Burt Reynolds proved to be an actor in this film, which has gone completely into this amazing role. Who would not want a boyfriend like Lewis if one could embark on the danger of a forgotten / soon abandoned world like the one our unfortunate passengers found. This film speaks with us on so many levels. The story is real. It works as a complete action / adventure, with superb cinematography and deliberate grinding. It works like a bit of a horror film, with the danger and almost surrealism of meeting with stocky reds that objectivize their "sow" Ned Beatty. But it also works like an art film that uses an incredible amount of symbolism to pass on the truths that go into our core. I've seen this movie for at least fifty times, and every time I come, I find I have to watch it. You have to watch her several times to even understand her. This is one deep film. It's a good movie. And this is really a story. I gave him ten out of ten and put it together in the top 10 films I've ever made, along with Schindler's list, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade. Movies that think about you. Movies that capture you. Movies that use the STORY to get to it without trying to preach you. If you think you know Deliverance, you can, but you might not again. It's really good.
