Deliverance is an amazing thriller that is as exciting as any good thriller, but also stomach-scary. Though it's not a horror movie, it's as scary as any classic horror movie. The very thought of being a normal red-eyed man who enjoys an adventurous weekend, distant from any form of civilization, only to be captured and sodomized by several violent hills, is certainly the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It would be easy for Deliverance to penetrate into the exploitative territory, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to go that way and made a film that he researches, casts doubt and casts doubt on the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, you go to heaven, you can enter into heroic boots, do heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl ... but with Deliverance, you've gone to pray to God never (Jon Voight ), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - set off to play. wilderness to spend a few days canoing down early-to-be-dam of the river. Boys are on pairs of rides, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently get a little far ahead of the others to get to the river and wait for their friends in the adjacent forests. There are two local forests (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) who are joining Edho with a tree, while one of them stripes and rape Bobby's instruction, "vomit like a pig." Lewis and Drew arrive invisible and Lewis, a righteous archer, kills the rapist while the other hillbilly overcomes the suffering in the forest. Under great emotional stress, four canoeists decide to hide an event and leave the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they travel downstream, and the danger for their lives increases when the surviving hillbilly returns to take them with a rifle from some invisible point in the rocky cliffs along the river. > <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a story of survival, but even stronger (and more disturbing) as a study of macha attitudes that break up and leave for humiliated tatters. Although all performances are remarkable, special attention must be paid to Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would reject. The film is very similar to Straw Dogs in 1971 - both films deal with horrific sexual violence in isolated locations and no sense of satisfaction in any violent rejection of the victims. The backdrop of the rugged landscape of Deliverance is wonderful, but it also contributes to tension by having four canoeists in an environment where they are at the mercy of hills and landscapes, and no one relies on anything other than themselves. It really is thrilling film making at its best.
