You could imagine the version of "Christmas Carols" by Charles Dickens with puppets on socks and I would probably notice it. Since I was a baby, it was one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that everyone is good and that therefore no one is over the redemption that I like but for whatever reason I will never miss the opportunity to watch one of the many screen modifications of this timeless classics when they are on TV because they are inevitably in this season. <br /> <br /> What's really great about this version is the gloomy gravity that casts into its roles. The lines we've heard in the past a dozen times have a whole new intensity and each character becomes more real and more credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. George C. Scott was nominated for Emmy in 1985 for the role. It is his eternal merit that instead of sleeping in this script Scrooge, he gave him instead a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances at all. Wisely did not attempt the British accent, but instead put his lines in this famous gravelly voice. His Scrooge is not only an old old man (as he is so often portrayed), but a man who is deeply angry with the world. As soon as each of the three spirits is visited, we understand how this anger became root, grew and eventually strangled his soul. Because he is forced to rethink his life, we see him alternately softening, and then again leading into an irrational stubbornness. And in a big dramatic scene, when he kneels and weeps in his own grave, begs for mercy when he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and the desire to change his life, we see a man who was totally broken and brought his knees literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge absolutely incredible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressive as Scott's performance, a set of prominent actors makes a significant contribution to the darkness of this version. Fred Holywell, the nephew of Scrooge, is an excellent example of this. Often he portrays a welcoming crap, here Roger Rees plays with emotional intensity missing from his earlier portraits. When Scrooge asks, "I do not want anything from you, why should not we be friends?" We see in his face not only his frustration but his pain at Scrooge's self-excuses from his only living relative. It's moving performance and one of the most dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> More elegant English actor Frank Finlay as late partner Scrooge Jacob Marley is even more beautiful. In most versions of this story, the Marley scene tends to be a little low in the movie, simply because it's hard to make the dead convincing and the results are usually just stupid (ooooh, look, it's a haunted ghost ....... not! ) This version is perhaps the most powerful scene in the whole movie. Marley's door, when the locks on the Scroogea doors open themselves, and the sound of the chains that sound all over the house is amazingly spooky. But Finley's Marley is no etheric spirit. It is a tortured soul inspiring both horror and reconciliation. Marley may be a ghost, but his fury and regret over the unnecessary life in search of wealth and his despair in his realization that his sins are now beyond the remedy are still very human. As Finlay portrayed, we have no problem believing that even the crunching Scrooge will be shaken by this nightmare. Finlay really steals the scene, something that is not easy to do when you are against George C. Scott. And it just goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, so you seem to be experiencing this story again for the first time. Edward Woodward (Remembering him from the Equalizer?) He is both cheerful and threatening as the Spirit of the Christmas Presence. When he adds the famous line, "it is likely that in the eyes of heaven you are worthless and less fit for life than MILLIONS as a child of this poor man" that he is no longer a cheerful substitute for Santa Claus, but a revenge angel that gives Scrooge the necessary verbal spanking. Susannah York is beautifully carved by Mrs. Cratchita, and David Warner brings the amazing depth of long suffering to Bob Cratchit, a man who is experiencing a life of triple crosses of poverty, a sick child, and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage and occasionally his fatigue in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later on, in the scene where Scrooge shows the Christmas Spirit despite the fact that after the death of Tiny Tim comes to the Cratchit family, Warner's performance will appear, when he barely pronounces the word, puts you in tears.
