After seeing Deliverance, movies such as Pulp Fiction do not look so extreme. Maybe according to today's standards of blood and beads it does not seem so nervous, but if you think it was 1972 and that the film really has a sinister core, then you think differently. <br /> <br /> When I started watching this movie, nothing really looked unusual until I got into the Dueling Banjos scene. In this scene, the brutality and boundaries of this film are really visible. When I watched Drew (Ronny Cox, Robocop) go head to head with a seemingly retarded young boy, he really shows how these movies can make money. If you think the kid has a small banjo that he could probably produce manually, compared to the expensive guitar Drew, you'll really find out what four men look like in their territory. <br /> <br /> As the conspiracy goes on, it is very believable and never stretches beyond its boundaries. But what really distinguishes this film, the four business men who got more than negotiated on a canoe trip, is director John Boorman (Excalibur), who breaks all the characters out of pure cartoons or stereotypes. So when the film goes into full horror and tension, I really cared about all four men and what would happen to them. Acting is generally excellent. With Jon Voight (Midnight Cowboy, State Enemy) and Burt Reynolds (Boogie Nights, Striptease) they have a great cast. Jon Voight is probably the hardest of all in this movie and his transformation from a family man to a warrior is very credible. Unlike Reynolds, whose character is a fighter from the beginning, Voight's character changes during the movie. Ned Beatty (Life) is also good in an extremely tough role, come to hillbilly rape, while Ronny Cox turns to faithful performance. One thing that really made these films strong for me is that the villains were as scary as any I've ever seen. Bill Mckinney and Herbert "Cowboy" Coward were excellent and extremely scary as hillbilly's. Overall Deliverance was excellent and I suggest it to anyone, except for people with weak acorns and children. 10/10. Watch this movie.
