In what is probably the best outdoor adventure film of all time, four city boys face natural anger in the survival story. This setting is in the background of Georgia, with its forests, mountains and wild rivers. Director John Boorman chose to use local people, not actors, to portray secondary characters. These locals give the film a deep characterization that does not appear in the history of the film. No central actors "actors" could ever come closer to the remarkable faces, voices or actions of these people. I can not remember a movie where the characters are so realistic and colorful. Like anything else, it's such a brazen realism that makes this movie so amazing. <br /> <br /> Another force is the movie theme. Nature in the wild can be violent. How convenient it is to be the South American. Very few places in the US are or were just as violent as the red ones. In the story of Darwinian survival the most capable, the film expresses the idea that humans are part of nature and are not separated from it. "Deliverance" is basically a product of the time when, unlike today, Americans have expressed concern over the vanquished wilderness. The spectacular scenery of the film, the sounds of birds, frogs, crickets, and the sound of the river, coupled with the absence of civilization, bring an environmental report. And that's another strength of the film. <br /> <br /> At the fun level, the tensions gradually escalate as the conspiracy takes place. Even halfway to the movie, tensions have not become extreme, and will never stop until the final credits get stuck. Very few films can keep this level of intensity in such a long plot of conspiracy. Finally, the technical quality of the film is top notch. Direction and editing are flawless. Cinematography is excellent. The dialog is interesting. And the acting is amazing. Burt Reynolds has never been better. Ned Beatty is perfectly busy and does a great job. And Jon Voight was nominated for the Oscar. If there's a weak link in the movie, it's music that makes me feel shy. <br /> <br /> Overall, Deliverance will almost certainly appeal to viewers who like adventures in the exterior. Even for those who do not, they are harsh characterization, acting and plot that are the reason why this film is one of the best in the history of cinema.
