"Deliverance" is a great condensed epic of a group of very modern men who set out for a canoe trip to join with nature briefly and instead have to fight for their mental health, their lives, and maybe even their souls. The film was born well. Although it was made in the early 1970s, it certainly does not look special. Still has visceral punch and iconic status as a dramatic vehicle of philosophical-cultural shock after the 1960s. There are very few films with similar djents that can be compared to it, although the legendary things of Sam Peckinpah would have to be up there. Yes, there has been a lot of discussion and discussion about the most controversial scene of the film (which I will not be expanding) - and undoubtedly one of the most controversial scenes in the whole history of the film media - but what surprised the film is how painfully beautiful it is at times. It seems to be generally overlooked (yet in a retrospective sense). Cinematography, which captures the essence of the fading, fragile river wilderness, is often absolutely amazing and balances the film, because in a moment of madness, the viewers - along with the characters themselves - are immersed in an inexorable nightmare. "The Deliverance story is utterly slim and scaly, and it's surprising how fast the events unfold from the point of origin to the crisis and the consequences, everything is happening very quickly, giving the film a real sense of urgency, which is effectively created by introductory credits. well-known despite the limited time spent on their back We know about them so much that they know what men they are like and they end up worrying when everything goes to hell Conflict and violence within the movie seems to explode from nothing, with a dreadful lack of logic.This is James Dickey's theme-that any predominant romanticism about the nature of perception of one's own "goodness" can only wander and die when his barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore.There are no demons or bogeymeni. - as the main villain of the film - are just a gross, terribly amoral brother They are shocked because their evil is tiny and tangible, and the film has no peripheral signs. Everyone reflects on the weaknesses and uncertainties of the urbanized Homo Sapiens in the second half of the 20th century and they are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is great in this movie as a gung-and almost deadly-hoping Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to think he could not capture his short moments of dramatic glory for the rest of his still cracking ("Boogie Nights" . Believe me, if you are not a Reynolds fan, you will be replaced. John Voight is his usual hopelessly accomplished own life, both of which are both Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox. It's simply a big quartet of actors. Finally, I have to speculate if and when it will be run by James Dickey's "Deliverance" by "The White Sea". For those who enjoyed this film, the TTWS is a similarly crazy story of the US Air Force pilot air force after survival after being shot down over the Japanese mainland during the Second World War. It is rather a typically gloomy existentialism and primordial savage, which is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the prerequisites for a truly spectacular, poetic cinematographic experience. A few years ago it was suggested that the brothers produced the Coen, but nothing happened in the end. Being enthusiastic about Coen-o-file, it disappoints me that I think what might be if they get a green light on the TTWS, rather than their last few rather insignificant efforts. When we go back to "Deliverance", it is impossible to imagine a movie that is such a frank brutality in these times, and that is quite disgraceful. We, cinematography, are all poorer.
