How can you summarize exactly how feeling good and right and touching this movie is? A few weeks ago this DVD jumped out of the shelf every time I went to the store - when I first saw Steve Carrell in several movies, I did not want to pamper my thought process with him - so I resisted and resisted until I finally grabbed him "What hell! " access! And how surprised I am! I just wish I'd buy it earlier. I've been watching three times in two days, and I still smile at the looks of a widow who struggles with three daughters, longing for what has been missing since his beloved wife, who has met with an interesting woman, was deep and interesting to say the book?) the way throws a completely different light on life that realizes it is what it was looking for. Capturing this woman is her brother's girl complicating experiences - which Dan poses comically shy and heartfelt disappointment when he sees his "strange person" who brings such fun and fun to his family home and to his brother's life. You will really start to feel for him. When a blind date comes up with Ruthie Draper - that's a break point in Marie's estimation of Dan! The look she gives when she repeats her note that she does not like Ruthie - the pure Green-Eyed Monster! Launching an absolutely merry scene when two couples compete on the dance floor! This sequence is one of the best Dan starts to release with regard to Mary. <br /> <br /> More scenes that shake the gut - Dan returns from the Book, and Tackle Shop, confronted with his brothers, begins to describe what has just happened ... When Dan's face is falling, he brings a sharp breath of breath ! His youngest daughter, Lilly, who makes a gift, celebrates her love for Suzanne, his late wife, brings a little hearty warmth and a little palm as Dan realizes what he has just lost in life. When Dan plays the guitar and sings at the Talent Show ... his voice breaks slightly when the song sounds. ... absolute gem! <br /> <br /> Adoption of what appears late in the film by his daughters ... all three love their father and want to see him happy, he will not allow himself to deny his love for Mary; the desperation of Dana not to break his daughters because he is their rock, their strength ... and tell him more than just a few words. I could go on but I'll leave her now - maybe I'll come back and add more notes here in the near future ... but I'll end by saying ... ... if you want to watch the movie it's just so damn good, the reversal of comedy lightens a drama that never feels compelled or stupid, which comes as a real picture of a man who discovers a new life - not only with a woman but also with his extended family, DAN IN REAL LIFE - 9 out of ten for so good a film-based Sondra Lerch movie experience that will bring you intimately without being intrusive, with a gentle introduction to the cast. I can not wait to get back to it!
