This story is narrated and repeated, and continues to repeat it in all possible ways to imagine. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken was recreated in any way. I admit that I did not see the classic version of Alistair Sim and I'm sure one day I will be, but if it touched even this amazing eighty version, I would get it. I believe that if Dickens himself created his film story, it would be. The story is well known, I will not go into great detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich, spooky, evil, old man visits the Spirit of his former partner and warns of his average ways. In order to correct it, three spirits are visited, each showing a different view of his life and of the people with whom he participates in the past, present and future. Finally, when he sees everything in front of him, he realizes the great mistake of his travels and tries to repay for everything he has done. George C. Scott is undoubtedly perfect for this role. He takes the role of Ebenezer Scrooge and makes his own and creates an incredible character. It's not just a bad old man but someone who was caused by certain situations in his life that caused him bitterness and anger in the world. There is compassion in him, but he holds him under all the others and is very involved in himself. Scott brings the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does this movie make the main part, but everything else fits into place. This is the spectacular epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is again in front of our eyes, memories and sounds and you can almost feel the wind on the face and smell of the market. Director Clive Donner makes this scene great and leaves no imagination. I could watch this movie on the sound and be dazzled by the scenery. It's not a charming scenery in itself, but it's real. The film brings us from the market of high class merchants into very poor boreholes of poverty and everything in between. The rest of the cast will fit into its roles and bring its literary counterparts to life. Bob Cratchitt, who played David Warner and his whole family, and especially young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters was wonderful. The spirits had each one of their own personalities and joined the dark mood of this story. Christmas carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story on a dark period in the life of England and it's one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost scary and must be scary to scare the person around. The dark feeling about this story is captured in this movie and is totally terrifying and yet the end of your lifting spirit and capturing Christmas wonders. The score for this movie is also something to be mentioned because it's epic and spectacular and beautiful when listening if it's a real score or christmas music all fit together. It seems Christmas movies are my favorite because I insist that everyone sees this Christmas Carolina over all the others. 10/10
