Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something like me, the smooth and the free do not go together. You see someone you like is pretty rare because it may be, and you want to say something, but not. Or maybe you say something, but in the end it might be the least intelligent thing you ever said in life. The more you do not, but you look from afar and admire without having to deal with what you usually agree is the only way to get anywhere in your life? risk. You can not think you're a little frightened. Perhaps he had been burned hard before, or perhaps trying to concentrate all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and all of them can be interpreted as apologies rather than reasons. You say you do not need it or the time is not right for you, but you still want it to happen. Whatever you break, it's not easy. Does it sound familiar? If you thought so, a bit, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy from director Peter Hedges is a must. He will get inside and somehow will both break and warm your heart at once. Dan is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a radio actor who is admired for his imagination in a life of balanced, fulfilling and morally uplifting life. Four years before the film opens when Dan wakes up to his day, he lost his wife and loved his life. After this tragedy, Dan was allowed to raise his three daughters alone. Between this and the focus on his career, there was no way to find love between Dan's priorities. And so it became much more functional than feeling. Removed from the confidentiality of trust, Dan no longer knows what it means to be near someone, and has resigned from never knowing it. That's when he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in one of the books and goes quietly to the shop in Connecticut in the morning. Interaction is informal, comfortable and captures both. There is only one problem. Someone sees them already. Unfortunately for all involved, it's Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). All his family had come to their parents' parents home to visit them every year, and Dan must now spend the weekend pining and the desire for the volatile feeling he had with Maria in the morning. It only lasted for about an hour, but it took only so long to awaken the heart of Dana from his coma. So many members of the family they have to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are on the helm), DAN IN REAL LIFE depart from their larger purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents and aunts and uncles causes them to try Dan to experience time, the Hedges also unnecessarily uses it as a means of averting, assuming that eventually he will secure a fuller film. Fortunately, Hedges Carell has a heavy burden. It is a pleasure to watch Steve Carell devote himself to each one of his films (despite the occasional error rate of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is a charismatic, charming and obviously humorous man. Like Dan, he is self-deceiving, unpleasant, and terrified. Carell is a rare comedian who seeks to find character in his roles rather than relying exclusively on his comic instincts and established personalities. Maybe it is more important that he is totally related as Dan. Whether she falls on a baby bed in a laundrette where she is the only adult single adult person in this visit or in a kitchen that can not stand still anxious, Dan is everybody who was not even sure of himself and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart to become the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> I was wondering when I saw a movie when I liked it the same way I did, despite its weaknesses (Juliette Binoche? I know you would like to enjoy it at any moment, but I do not recommend it unless you charged chocolate), because of where I am in my life. Could anyone find out that someone else derives so much meaning and comfort from this film? I can not tell. What can I say as a person who knows what it means to be lonely, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to surprise life and love and how these moments need and people to appreciate and love. He also knows that anyone who may feel lonely on a given day or month must be reminded that the surprise is still happening.
