Beautiful and amazingly unusual 80s! The precursor introductory sequences somewhat give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and insulting drama but you do not have to worry, because barely ten minutes later we got to the neck in absurd saw bouts, rough fights, angry dialogues and uncharted nudity ! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned siblings with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine to tease a towel that covers your nurse's naked body and then for a few minutes look at her undamaged genitals? Well, Bo is doing with her sister, and she does not mind the laughing judge. Ill, dude! Anyway, like children, they fled Russia with their parents, but ugly soldiers brutally killed their mothers and fathers. The friendly smuggler, however, took care of them and even picked up and trained Bo and Ingrid into professional smugglers. When the real estate rises, 20 years later, it faces their ultimate search, for the mythical and incredibly valuable White Flames diamond is accidentally found in the mine. Few things in life had no sense at all, such as the plot and narrative structure of the "White Fire," but there is certainly a lot of fun watching. Most of the time you have no idea who will beat who or for what reason (and I bet the actors understand even less) but anything! Violence is magnificently grotesque and every plot is pleasantly slowed down. The script is absolutely irreparable when suddenly? and will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and black fingers for local prostitutes. Bo main opponent is an Italian cat with big breasts, but a horrifying accent, an absurd but catchy dance song playing at least a dozen times throughout the movie, there is a compulsory "we-fall-in-love" installation and lots of other attractions! My God, what a great experience. The original French title translates as "Life That Survives", which is clearly appropriate because it has the same meaning as the rest of the film: None!
