What can you say about the White Fire movie. Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From the sly, twisted beginning of the deep end, this film will have fun. <br /> <br /> Our film starts in the country forest somewhere in the world. The family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume uniforms. When a father separates himself from his mother and child, you have a real sense of what kind of movie you look at. Father make sure to overthrow the hills in his all white clothes and be courteous when he gets the attention of people before he shoots them, but unfortunately Dad is burned alive in what looks like a very unsupervised, dangerous piece. Meanwhile, mum and kids run down to the beach with an armed soldier who stands behind them for about five feet. He also gives a vigilant warning before the action in the form of a bizarre "HALT!", And then immediately wasted mother. This action sequence sets the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. So now we will move forward for about 20 years (30, if you are sincere from the age of the hero) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred settled as professional thieves or prosperants of diamonds or something. Ingred works in a diamond mine to help with the goods, while Bo (playfully playable by dynamic Robert Ginty) runs around the desert in denim suits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have other than each other, and spend their time together. This, coupled with the fact that Bo expressed the desire to sleep with her sister, as proved in rows like "You know it's shame you're my sister," she tells her when she's naked, makes her a very dynamic duo. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed when he roams the beaches in Turkey with his ceremonial pink grief scarf. Restoring hope will come when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and gives her a plastic surgery to look exactly like Ingrid. It opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethical gray areas and is delighted to be delighted. <br /> <br /> So there's a lot of fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible to follow the plot, Fred Hammer Williamson (for some reason) and a big piece of dirty ice to be a giant diamond explodes). All of these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this movie strange ... really strange. So I cordially encourage everyone to see the majesty that is the White Flame. You may be glad you did it ... or not.
