the government he fought to realize his fidelity by the promised and very needed retirement. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet dish for all who, like the Colonel, suffer from the abuse of a cynical and hardened society that is strengthened by denying its citizens the means to live dignifiedly and purposefully. Unlike the absurdity of WAITING FOR GODOT, the Colonel waits for his retirement to give hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film are directed by Colonel Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military retirement will come one day, and the realization that his son Agustin died for a noble cause, a cause other than a drunken fracas in a wounded struggle. He could not realize the first and forced to prove to the world that the Colonel was doing the only thing he could do, preparing himself for the training of his warrior cock. The cock is now a warrior who can bring happiness and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his ring is the murderer of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense confrontation scene between Colonel and Nogales, his son's murderer, the Colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to offset Colonel's full income. But that's blood money; that the money hides the fact that those in power turned to one who fought for their political ideals and hid with the world that the son of the Colonel of War was murdered because he wrote about underground paper that preferred labor rights to unions and normal person. With the utmost dignity, the Colonel rejects Nogales' offer, raises his fight cock, and goes so noble as his old legs can carry him. Once home, Don Lola, his foolish wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when they were both starving. In answer to her continuing question, "What will we eat until November (when the rooting season begins)", the colonel replies: "Shrapnel." Excrements are what poor and neglected people have eaten all their life, and excrements are food the Colonel willingly chooses to eat dignified because he knew he could never sell his soul to those who oppressed him. The Colonel waits as the only honest and valiant man in the world without any principles.
