After bothering on various seemingly immature films purchased on ex-DVD rentals, I thought the time was good for a bit of serious drama and who better to provide than Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American Beauty" does not like the movie, which is perhaps the darkest thing Tom Hanks has done, and probably one of the most underestimated films of the last decade. It's not a simple gangster story lifted from its original graphic novels and it's just wonderful to watch it for it. Despite my usual allergies to any movie with Tom Hanks's name on him (I still can not watch "Big" without wanting to dig a cat), I'm glad I tried it because it's one of those movies that you are If you you like it, you will win it. <br /> <br /> Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family man and father of two sons who grow up during the prohibition of the early 1930s. He is also a professional hitting chief of the crowd John Rooney (Paul Newman), but has managed to keep his work secret from his sons. But after his oldest (Tyler Hoechlin) testifies to his father's involvement in killing the crowd, the couple are forced to flee John as they try to escape. Soon his father and son are chasing for Chicago where a fellow hit-man (a dreadful Jude Law) is waiting for them. On his face he reads it as a nice standard gangster film, but like I said it's not gangsters. This is the relationship between the father and the son who gathered under the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is great as a tortured man who finds everything is worth, and little Hoechlin is as good as Sullivan's son. Overall, there is no single performance that can be calculated as weaker than others - the cast is quite perfect. Just like cinematography and costumes (and it's not often, I praise costumes!) That make the 1930s with an amazing effect. There was so much effort to get everything in order and it is paying off on the spades. It could simply look like waste - they admit that the sight of the early thirties is difficult to destroy - but it is not, and it deserves every credit. Chicago looks particularly fantastic, lined with hundreds of dirty cars from the time, and filled with people in black suits and hats. Exact travel time, even if a small CGI is needed. The story is also the winner that offers a human face to what is often considered the stereotypical genre of a movie villain. The law is surprisingly terrible as the almost mechanical killer Maguire, and proves that you do not have to be Cagney, De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is definitely noir-eyed, the rain and the illuminated warehouse predominate, but at least violence and killing (finally) are considered to be emotional and psychological impact on those who commit and those who are just witnessing. The whole thing evokes previous age and previous films, but rejects the old and refreshes with a modern redemption story amidst the shootings of Tommy Gun and racketeering rockets. It may feel a bit slow, especially if you're accustomed to mass fights in movies like most modern viewers (like yours), but sometimes words can speak louder than action. Mendes performed a great tracking of his Oscar debut, which is as intelligent as it is beautiful to watch. "Road To Perdition" may not be all tastes, but it's a DVD that I will not change soon.
