When I was driven out of the house and into the theater in a fluffy fire, I could not be more pleased. The Way to Corruption, director Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest movies of all time. Maybe I'm just older; maybe I just saw that the same topics are being recycled again and again. But this movie is really different. The story opens to young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea and considering the duality of the father's reference - one of the best men ever to live, the worst. This duality deepens throughout the movie. The story revolves around John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), who once joined the young man Rooney, who now serves as his personal Angel of Death. Rooney is bound to blood by his own son, but coupled with love and fidelity to Michael. Young Michael Jr., who is interested in the stories he read, steals himself in his father's car one night while his father goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, the heir of the "business" family. Connor leaves the situation in hand, and what was meant only as a warning becomes a murder - a witness to Michael Jr. On the discovery that young Michael saw what he should not see, a conspiracy is in motion, conflicting loyalties collide. Soon is Michael Sr. on the run with his younger son, hunted by Harlem's contract partner, "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). I will not publish any further details to avoid any potential allies. However, I urge audiences to explore the many dualities presented in the film: Sons and Fathers Problems (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Son of Connor) between the world and the world at work between good and evil, who pretend to be men of God and those who really are, between "pure" and "dirty", between the city of Treachery and Zechariah as hell. And on the road, enjoy the visual brilliance of cameraman Conrad L. Halle (9 nominations, 2 oscars for best cinematography): Fed rainfall, mirror shots (especially on wing doors), shadow flash, no sound. Not only has our 75-year-old room given us the best film product of his career, but Paul Newman, 77, offers one of his best performances at all. <br /> <br /> Yes ... maybe it's old. But I've seen a lot ... and it's fresh and encouraging. The Path of Corruption is a permanent and loving treat to the gangster genre, 1940s, dark comic books lurking in the dark, villains and heroes, American film in general. Go for it!
