To be honest, this film has gone over the heads of most of its critics. The opposite curse (salvation) is salvation (saved) and this film is one of the few to deal with these two concepts. The film also explores the love and disappointment involved in the relationship between father and son. At the beginning, it should be noted that none of them are currently fashionable topics. The assumption is that fathers in turn, hitman Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) and his criminal boss John Rooney Paul Newman) love their sons and do anything to protect them. But Rooney's son, Connor, is even worse than the others. Kills one of Rooney's loyal soldiers to cover his own theft from his father. When Connor realizes that Sullivan's son Michael is a witness, he will kill Sullivan's son (and Sullivan's wife) in an attempt to silence witnesses. Sullivan decides he wants to take revenge at any price, even at a terribly high cost of destruction. Rooney, who is calming down on one of Connor's day, is rejecting his son Connor Sullivan, and hires the assassin's assassin Maguire (Jude Law) who kills Sullivan and his son. So Rooney joins his son Connor on his way to destruction. For the rest of the movie, accompanied by his surviving young Michael Sullivan, he watches Connor Rooney on the Way to Ruin, and Maguire watches Sullivan. When Sullivan confronts Rooney in the basement of the church and demands that Connor leave because Connor murdered his family, Rooney says, "Michael, there are only murderers in this room ... and there is only one guarantee none of us can see Heaven." As the movie ends, a little predictable, one character is saved and one character repents. I'm not a big fan of Tom Hanks, but he's going to play Sullivan's hit-man convincingly, which gives a gentle and laconic performance. Newman takes good care of the old Irish gangster Rooney, who has a hard face and face in his face, and his eyes chase Connor's bad deeds. Jude Law plays Maguire in a scary way. Tyler Hoechlin plays young Michael naturally and without disability. Cinematography has always played light from the darkness, reflecting the themes of salvation and destruction. The camera pulled out of a palette of greens and greens. Grays belonged to the fathers and the urban landscape of the Illinois depression. The greens belonged to younger sons and rural areas. Thomas Newman's crazy, spirited and spooky music had weak Irish overtones and played in agreements like Copland. The sets were authentic midwestern city factories, churches. The houses shone with shimmering wood. The perfection of the film lies in its generation of a unique feeling from its deep themes, special acting, and surrounding music and cinema. The only negative thing is that the moderate counterattack message came to the screen, the film merely nodded political correctness. I give this movie 10 out of 10; it will be recognized as a great movie in time.
