When you think the first Sam Mendes movie is a well-known American BEAUTY, it was a movie with good style, wait until you see its highly anticipated second effort, the inexorably cruel gangster melodrama 30 CEST TO PERDITION. Some critics consider this new film to be a dignified successor to The GODFATHER, which is the frantic judgment of several reviewers who have been awarded the extraordinary technical abilities of Mr. Mendes. If the filmmakers are what makes the picture a great one, then yes, THE PERDITION PASS is the distant cousin of GODFATHER in terms of what he accomplishes in cinematography, editing, music scoring and sound. What it does not have is the resonance that all the great stories and some very rare movies have that stay with the viewer long after reading or seeing that he is over. Like the American BEAUTY, this film has a cool and distant feeling, despite some tense scenes that include paternal love, fidelity and betrayal. This story of a man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a substitute father - a figure that is also his boss, an elderly Irish crowd leader (Paul Newman) - seems to have been thrown out of countless gangster films of the past. The father / son motive hanging over this image is so heavy that he does not have enough space for spontaneity; the entire business has been carefully crafted and almost all of the dialogue is being delivered with great effort: it is apparently a gangster film, hence the necessary amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost without any humor to speak of; only in scenarios that include a young boy who drives an escape in a cleverly adapted mantra there is some sense of carefreeness due to the ubiquitous sense of destruction. <br /> <br /> That being said, I have nothing but the highest praise of the stunning look of this film; it's really not exaggeration to say that it's one of the most beautiful and photographed films I've ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall is likely to win another Oscar for his work here. Sets and costumes are just as exemplary; in fact, the whole film is a technical miracle. Mr. Mendes is still surprised by the vivid use of color, and he and Hall reap the dramatic red blood that is scattered over the pale-colored walls, making it even more effective and worrying for black, blues, and gray predominance dominated by the film color scheme. <br /> <br /> If I did not get a good show of acting, it's not because actors are not worried; everyone in the movie is top-notch, with a special attention to two malevolent evil guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the rude, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and the almost unrecognizable Judean law as a particularly slim unhappy who continues to hunt for Hank and his son and characters very important in the film of the second half. But in the film that's in the movie, this brilliance is bound to take the back seat on the photographic fireworks on the display. If Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt that it would have seemed strong.
