It could not have been better. The strong constraints on Mike Sullivan's expressions could not be described otherwise. Tom Hanks brings the best of his career. Young Tyler Hoechlin drives an emotional bike; playing the basic character of the story. And veteran Paul Newman has been one of his best characters for a long time. <br /> <br /> This film is based on a bold graphic novel by Max Alan Collin and Richard Piers Rayner. This is a father / son story that basically employs two candidates who are only unfit for roles. Mike Sullivan did not have a father like a child, so John Rooney took him. Although Mr. Rooney participated in organized crime. Sullivan's debt should therefore be repaid only by engaging in business. Now Sullivan has a wife and two children and tries to keep her children safe but at the same time returns her boss. The events that follow will test Sullivan's loyalty and learn the fate of his family. A great adaptation by David Self, the dialogue rarely appears, but it is still very virtuous. The story unfolds in a beautiful setting in 1930 (Brilliant Art Direction by Richard L. Johnson & Nancy Haigh), covered in a dark, rainy (snow on the ground) exterior. Story management is a wonderful Irish score by Thomas Newman, who will settle only when needed. The most important technical element in the film is a beautiful photograph of Conrad L. Hall. These are some of the best cinematographs I've ever seen; and I watch a lot of movies. The scene when Mike and Michael are in the car, entering Chicago is quite impressive. The shot begins at the front of the car and reveals Mike (Hanks) through the windscreen. Subsequently, dollys to the side of the car, see Michael (Hoechlin) waking up and watching his side window. As it continues, the trucks hips and dollys back, all around the car and uncovers the spectacular scenic Chicago of 1930. With a large cast and crew, the guy creates a cruelly amazing movie. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who debuted in 1999 with American beauty. (he was awarded various awards) Before the American beauty, Mendes worked as a director for the British theater, but decided to continue when he said there was nothing new in the theater. With two films, Sam Mendes in his book was named one of the greatest directors (about twenty-five). The film illuminates an enormous genre that has hits and mistakes, and it perfectly expresses a real theme. Photography, acting and story are phenomenal. I'm still waiting for the Scorcesee Gangs in New York, but for the time being, I'm fully convinced it's "the best movie of the year". Since it is a competition (Sign, Insomnia, Minority Report), this is a strong claim.
