Why are not movies (especially American) more like a Meatball Machine? <br /> <br /> This is my first official online overview, and I have accusations of "electrical ecstasy" after I first chose "Meatball Machine". This is a review, so I try to keep only reflection and emotions. I think this is one creative job, although it is obviously inspired by the classic TETSUO! So when it's not all original? I own both these films and although Tetsuo is one strange son of a bitch, the Meatball machine is far better and can be seated without the strong desire to indulge the dose of mind changing drugs to clarify the film's meaning. The Meatball Machine is as developed in its story as it is in its high blood and blood flow. Thank you, Jesus, for Japanese cinematography! Simply put, the last time my dreams suppressed the horror vision when I looked at Nightmare on Elm Street when I was about 7 years old. In my dreams, I could imagine that for several weeks the phone was coming out of the phone. This time (on the 31st), my dreams were pleasantly respectable. In this film, human bodies are hosts Aliens whose sole purpose is to attempt to fulfill their infinite extinction for the human body and blood. People become meat cysts! Even more! Battle scenes! Great Music !! Great shots from the point of view! Decent work of Cyborg woman (at least better than her male counterpart). The struggle you see at the end is worth watching ten or two times. Oh, and I forgot to mention it's a love story! Wow, I hate love stories, but it takes a cake! I can not wait for friends to look back on this film just to see the reaction on their faces. Unfortunately, I've taken the time to write this review because I'm afraid most of my friends and family will not understand the Meatball Machine. The truth is that America as a whole is not ready for the Meatball Machine. Finally, My wife entered when I watched the ultimate battle scene at the end and she was still. Under normal circumstances he says something like, "Why are you looking at it?" This time she had nothing to say. I was pleased! <br /> <br /> This is not a junk. It's not just SPLATTER (spitting because of splashing is also great). This is Art my friends. Art. <br /> <br /> CHACHO
