Director Yudai Yamaguchi (Baseball in Fight) and Jun'ichi Yamamoto "Meatball Machine" is probably a remake of Yamamoto 1999 with the same name. I doubt I will ever have the chance to see the original, so I'll just comment on it. The first of what is a "Meatball Machine"? Simple nowadays demanding low budget industrial spray flick packed with great make up effects and gore. It's not something you would eventually write books, but it's fun if you dig out this type of cinema. <br /> <br /> "Meatball Machine" follows a well-known conspiracy. The boy loves the girl but is too afraid to ask her for the date. The boy finally meets the girl The girl is infected with a parasitic extraterrestrial creature that turns it into a murderous cyborg. The boy, in turn, transforms himself into that thing and continues to try to save his love. Success? Who gives damnation if bloodshed and death I'm happy. The story is simple, quite a cliché, but it does so well that it sets the film course directly into a bloody confrontation between the two leading figures. There is a subplot focusing on how the parasite that infected the girl came into her life. And yes, it fortunately shows more violence. I am happy. It performs what you would expect from the movie without distracting the budget. This is not painful for the ears, but it's not too good. The main attraction of the film is besides violence and gore (like I have not already mentioned) are cyborg designs. Keita Amemiya, who works in creating non-traditional creatures and costumes for both films and video games, is well-known. Necroups, as they are called in the Meatball Machine, look amazingly detailed. Without the use of the CGI Amemiya design, there are breathtaking fusions of meat and metal, painfully amazing in their looks. He is able to transform various parts of the body into cold weapons such as saws, shuttles, shotguns and blood and so on, and so on. Though you can easily realize the leeches of the film, nekroborgs are A-movie classes. <br /> <br /> "Meatball Machine" is "Tetsuo The Iron Man" mixed with "Alien" all done with low budget and extra ketchup mode. It is an extremely funny film that ignores modern special effects and proves that the chewing genre is still alive and kicking.
