This version of the 1984 Dickens classic "Christmas Carolina" by director Clive Donner plays George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. This time it was for the creator to take such known material and to show that it seems fresh and new; and it is a pleasure to say that with this film, Donner not only met this challenge, but surpassed all the expectations one might have. He tells the story with precision and eye to detail, and extracts performances from his actors, who are nothing less than superlative, especially Scott. It could be argued that the definitive portrait of Scrooge - one of the most famous personalities in literary fiction, anytime - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think that with Scott's performance here Scott achieved this difference. In his Scrooge there is such purity and honesty that it's hard to even think of someone else in the role once you see Scott. Simply put, it's Scrooge. And what a tribute to this gifted actor; being able to take such a known figure and make it so unique is quite miraculous. It is a pleasure to see that the actor is doing his business so well that he can create such a real figure, from every word that he makes to the finest expression on his face, and that everything is so true. It is a study of perfection. The other cast members are great, but again they must be in order to maintain Scott's integrity; and they do. Frank Finlay is the Spirit of Jacob Marley; a remarkable turn, though not as memorable as Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome expression as the Spirit of the Christmas past; Edward Woodward, magnificent and noisy, and utterly convincing as the Spirit of the Christmas gift; and Michael Carter, threatening and threatening as the Christmas Spirit Comes. David Warner has just hit his real mark with Bob Cratchit and brings honesty to a role that measures well on the quality of Scott Scrooge and Susannah York as well as Mrs. Cratchit. The real jewel that is here is the performance of young Anthony Walter like Tiny Tim; it is cordial without becoming a maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most real - ever imagined on the film. Exclusive support includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also film narrator), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). A flawless presentation, this version of "Christmas Carols" sets a standard for measuring all others; no matter how many versions you've seen, watching this is like seeing them for the first time. And forever after you think Scrooge will be, the image your mind will make will be like George C. Scott. A completely fun and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual schedule of the holiday feasts of every home. Rate this 10/10.
