Wow ... I think WOW it must be one of the best stories I've ever had the ability to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two warriors, one man and his son, are going to train in the Forbidden Cursed Source, and while ignoring the warning, both fall into one source. Dad, Genma, the spring drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, the source of a drowned girl. Now with every splash of cold water it turns into being called in the spring they landed on. Still enough crazy? No, that's just the beginning. As if one of the most powerful adolescents ever to become a woman, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of mad artistic styles, crazy school principles, opponents right and left who have scores to settle with Ranma's clog that it is for their lives soon in some way or for "stealing" their beloved ones. And he talked about loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranmy. Not once was his fiancé, Akane. And that's just the first few chapters / series episodes. The story itself is amazing. I have never encountered something so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... from this world and yet its so down on Earth and believable ... I can not even describe it in full. It's just a charming story that's easy to get to. What I like is humor. I did not even smile at the manga once again, and I do not have to try any pieces you could capture in Simpson or something. I could read some part of the comic book and I would laugh from start to finish. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you think you would be too strong to be rescue, but nooo ... with every little problem that the story throws on him that he does the best just to survive half of his time and his personality is a foolish boy, it seems but when the worst comes to the worst, the computation genius may be. And to think about the hundreds of fanatics in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​all the fools, is considered everybody in his city, and thus Akane, the worst pervert he ever lived. His father Genma, do you think your father would stand in the background? Fix! But whenever he has a reflector ... he just gives you more reasons to hate him and love him at the same time! Do you think you know the worst father of the anime? You did not find Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranmy's biggest competitors and my favorite character (besides Ranmy) ... and probably one of the only people he can really stand for. Probably the strongest figure in the series, but he has two mistakes, one is his curse that makes him a daughter, but his worst mistake ... is his lack of sense in the direction! Then we ... you know, I could spend hours at the computer explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive, but that would just be useless. Take a look at the series if you're a haven now! You will not regret it! Still, I'd rather check out the comic book. I like anime, but I have some trouble with the series at a good price. And a little nitpick, it seems that humor does not concern both anime and manga. I think partly because the comic seems to me more cartoon. But in any case, his win win! 10 out of 10!
