surely I first raised Ran 1/2 when I was about twelve. I was in the library and desperately looking for something good to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. During the first few chapters I did not know what was going on, but I knew I loved her. I even took him home to read a few more. Honestly, I did not get anywhere. And then about five months (now I'm 16), my boyfriend was watching some anime series and I remembered this Manga. I could not recall what was called but reminded that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I Googled it, and then made an unhurried decision to watch all 161 episodes. At first, I was a bit disposed of by the 1990s, but it did not matter at all. No anime has ever made me feel so sad and back, look again. Once I watched 45 consecutive episodes in one day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after about two days, I was obsessed. I even wanted - as crazy as it sounds - to watch Ranma. I never found the series so funny, so funny and so eager to watch. Until today, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me happy. Of course the end of the cliff was enough to let me down, but the series itself was enough to keep reading me. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE warriors. They are so intense they went to old training centers in China and became "cursed". The reasons were full of springs, and if you come to one, we take the shape of what drowned when they melted in cold water. For Genma it was PANDA, and for Ranma it was ... a girl! It's a very smart fun love story. In addition, Genma promises to a friend that Ranma has married one of his daughters to keep the Tendo alive alive. "Of course, the one with whom he gets in touch hates his courage and mutual feelings, apparently starting to like each other, but both ways to admit it stubbornly, but ... Genma has this in the past, promised to Ranma many girls. /> <br /> Trust me, it's worth watching, humorous, heartbreaking and amazing all over the place.
