First, Edison Chen made a fantastic and credible job like a Cambodian hit-man, born and reared in the landfill, and a gladiator's ring where he dressed his wild-battery craft to survive, lived on a mantra of killing or being killed. In a role that had a little dialogue or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance was convincing, probably what was supposed to be in the Jet Li Danny the Dog, where the man was kept only for the purpose of fighting and some other leash. As a Danny dog, many talked about bare articulated combat sequences not choreographed stylistically, but rather designed as normal, brutal fisticuffs where everything goes. It probably brought a sense of realism and granularity when you see those characters that are on the neck in defending their own lives when they take them away from others. It's a filthy, shy and dark film, both literally and figuratively, and it's different from the usual escape in the production of the Miller thriller. <br /> <br /> Edison plays hired a Cambodian gun that becomes a refugee to Hong Kong, escaping from the police when his pickup disappeared. It is headed by Cheung Siu-Faim, who has to deal with a member of Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), who has to do with the sins of his father for inclusion and admission to the team. The game with cats and mice starts in the dark shades and shadows of Hong Kong's strongest party. The story itself works on several levels, particularly in the characteristic studies of a man, and a cop. On opposite sides of the law, we see within each character not black-and-white, but shades of gray. With the hit, we see his meticulous side when he engages and develops the feelings of love to the girl (Pei Pei), which brings a feeling of maturity, tenderness and revealing the heart of gold. The policeman, with dubious tactics and attitudes, thinks about how you start when you are willing to do whatever you need to do the job. There are many interesting moments of moral questions about how anti-heroes are adopted, scornful strategies. You will ask what makes a person and what makes an animal and if we tend to switch sides depending on the circumstances - do we have the dark inner lane that changes from man to dog and dog to man? Dog Dog Bite Dog will captivate you from the beginning and never make it to the end, although there were points in the middle of the road that seemed to be dragging, especially in his cruel moments, and he also suffered from not knowing when to end. If I had to choose my favorite scene, then it must be the one at the market food center - an extremely well-controlled and supplied, thrilling edge of your seat's momentum. Listen to the music score and you will not bear to hear the dogs wailing. We highly recommend, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the genre of cops.
