Despite the fact that I had moved away from my expectations, dogmatic dog dog had been impressed with me. I chased this because he did not know much about it, but basically I expected it to be a martial arts film in the standard action tradition in Hong Kong, which I am a devoted fan of. Finally, I got something completely different, which is not bad at all. While the film could be classified as such, and certainly it's a good action and a hand in the fight scene in the movie, it's definitely not the primary focus. His characters are far more important to the film than his fights, which is an unusual thing in many action movies in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> I was quite surprised by the complications of characters and attitudes in the movie. The leading character played by Edison Chen (who is really good) is endlessly complicated by the end of the movie than I thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. Police figures also strongly refused my expectations. In fact, the clear and honest display of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite my favorite movie. I do not know that Dog Dog Bite completely reverses the typical images of a bad criminal, good cop, but it is distorting them in a way that is often unseen in the film. So many films, especially the action films in Hong Kong I find, show police in what is frankly ignorantly idealized light. This is one of my favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Dog Dog Bite Dog actually had some very unique and really quite daring thoughts that could be presented about police forces. In this film there are bargaining scenes I have never seen before, and I doubt I will see it again, and I'm sure I've been remembering for a long time. Crime characters are also out of an interesting perspective; in the Cambodian boys' film, a documentary film, no older than ten, to fight with their bare hands, fights each other to death, which I considered to be one of the most powerful and exciting moments in the film. It tells a lot about why these people are as they are, rather than just condemning them. Also, the relationship between the figure of Chennai and the girl he meets in the yard yard reveals a lot of his character. Only after the introduction of this element into the film did I actually see the film as an emotional experience rather than just visceral. There's something about most of the on-screen relationships that do not quite get me, but for some reason it really did. The actress is doing incredible work with this role, which I think was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Dog Bite Dog also has a truly amazing cinematography, although it is, unfortunately, rather uneven. There were moments I found really amazing, especially in the last part of the film, but there was also a lot of work with a camera that was fine. Another slight problem I had was a stimulus that I also felt unevenly. I've found a lot of "ship search" scenes to get a little alienated, though it's getting up quickly. Action scenes are short and not very abundant, but they are really strong and effective, especially at the end. Martial choreography is frankly not about all that is largely impressive, although its success is solid and quite realistic, but the real strength is the emotional content of the fight. The final scene, without being a miracle of martial arts or struggle with choreography, is one of the most powerful last battles I've ever seen and I've seen a lot of combat martial arts. the biggest determinant of whether someone gets out of Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can associate with these characters. All of them are surely some of the erroneous characters one might see in a movie of any kind, but it was all human in them that I could not help them, just to be attracted and really felt, especially Chen's girlfriend. I think I doubt most people will like the movie just like me, because I imagine most people will not like it or take care of it, but I still recommend it. It's really a deep moving and effective film if you give him a chance.
