I have to be rough - I have not seen a movie as solid as DOG BITE DOG at some time. I am a big fan of "old school" movies from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s, and I hear that this "style" of movies is so rewarding with such films, and Herman Yau is GONG TAU (I have not seen this song yet. ..), so I was very interested in some of the newer CATIII films being shot. Did this film meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite as I imagined. The story follows a young, animal, resourceful, and practically unstoppable Thai man with a somewhat obscure history coming to Hong Kong to complete "missions". Because of some bad luck, it is quickly identified with a nettle copy (which radiates many of the same properties as our hit man), and is quickly captured and captured. This state of affairs does not last long, as a failed assassin escapes from his prisoners and quickly shows the local police that they should not be taken lightly. Hunt is turned on and continues a "cat and mouse" game between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police say). On the way, a mad dog inadvertently spins a slow young woman, and between the two creates a bond when helping him out of a sticky situation. Ante is expanding because the only goal of Mad Dog is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand in any way, and the cops are still trying to make him alive ... write ten paragraphs on this complex and thoroughly layered film but I do not want to give too much away . I was looking at DOG BITE DOG, who did not know anything about the assumption and I think it's a type of movie that is definitely better. As for the comparison of older CATIII films ... there are several similarities. DOG BITE DOG has several hyper-violent moments reminiscent of "good lead days", but it's never as dirty or dirty as old classics like UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. Most of the older CATIII films have been "shocked" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and well-rounded production (although it's nothing to take away from those CATII films I hold so dearly.) This movie is far more "emotional" than exploitation, and as we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, viewers will begin to connect and identify with both parties. Indeed, there are no clear "good" and "bad" boys because Mad Dog shows a moment of extreme compassion, and police are interested in extremely unorthodox methods to try to kill a killer. Nothing in this movie is nudity / sex, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more with PARAMOUR SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE, or perhaps Pangu BANGKOK DANGER, because both of these films blended extreme emotional stimuli with strong and relentless actions and violence. Again - I did not like this movie very much. The actor is dead, cinematography is sharp and well done, and the film skillfully combines several different elements in a successful way that is not seen too often. Is this movie (and some similar ...) "rebirth" of CATIII - not exactly - but it is a very solid film that is totally obscene ... 9/10
