These individuals, who are familiar with Asian cinematography, realize that Japan is famous or renowned because it is a hyperprival film, and Korea is now getting the reputation of brutally brutal films. Dog Dog Bites Dog, without necessarily being the strongest than the craziest movie Miike, is not as brutal as some ambitious efforts of Korea, it is perfect among its own brand of brutality of all its own. The biggest strength of this film is that, like the biggest of Japanese or Korean efforts, it is that brutality, rather than deteriorating film, actually develops characters, if not, moves the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly ominous individuals with their own motives and emotional basis for being as such. Sam Lee's character, for example, is on the edge from the very beginning and slowly and surely, between various encounters with the figure of Chang, it is revealed why he is. Without this part of the story getting worse, it includes the morally ambiguous nature of her father. The Chinese figure, on the other hand, has its most natural instincts, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang's story of the arch, without necessarily revealing any human side, actually reveals the side of our animal nature, which many forget, which is the natural ability to recognize a co-murderous animal (and not to mention Sam, rather Pei Pei is a litter girl character girl). But finally, in the first 80 minutes, more or less straight-forward cat and mouse, or Dog Dog, a movie in which each encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square somebody dies) and the fun part of the movie never knows who hands he commits. Which brings us to the one weakness of the film. Unforunatley to immerse himself in it would be another spoiler, but it simply means guilty that he pushes one of the main points of the film because rather than letting the point do 80 minutes into the film, the film goes on to another another 20 minutes to emphasize it. Do not get me wrong if it goes better from 80 minutes to the top and if the final act was not filled with sweet music (in fact, if most of the film kept music at the smallest minimum and let the disturbing sound effects do its work) it still might work and it should not lose the movie. Likewise, although the third act had the worst and bloody encounter, the way he met him made him feel attached and almost offended the viewer's intelligence because he felt he had to go so far as to get over. Still, there is still fresh air from Hong Kong cinema, because even the bloodiest martial arts never reach the level of malice and brutality without keeping track of the arcs in tact.
