WOW. If you think the movie can not be exhausted, then you did not see Dog Dog Bite Dog. This film does not make any shots and does not avoid showing very disturbing images. Like Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's harsh, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come out of Hong Kong. The script is much the same, but it does not go on thinking it's incredibly cliché. In fact, it is a disturbing and obsessive detective in cat and mouse, against a professional and senseless person. While the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it raises many questions about the dark side of mankind. Is violence really necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child without compassion, without reproach? On the other hand, we humans act no less than furious dogs, when we are blinded by anger, that's a sad truth. It's a theme that the director brilliantly examines without being limited at all. In addition to cat and mouse pursuits, the script also develops two separate stories for the main characters. One is about love and the other about redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is still greatly written and keeps you glued to the seat all the time. <br /> <br /> Acting is really, really good. Edison Chen as Hitman is incredible; proves it's not just a nice face. He is ruthless, disgusting and enthusiastic. Sam Lee as an obsessed cop is also excellent. Support for cast, in short, is excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. Very dark score by Ben Cheung, with some effective lighter songs played in key dark moments in the movie. Yuen Man's cinematography is also really good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII movie is recommended. Very good, he worked incredibly, scored great and at the end of it he was really good. However, as many have emphasized, it is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stick to this. If you do not like to see the heavy negativity in the movie, then it's not for you. Finally, a movie with powerhouse, 8/10.
