It is remarkable and quite commendable how writers and directors continue to make great movies from one of the oldest and most used stories in the cinema! "Dog Dog Bite" is not much more than just a simple story of rare copper obsessively chasing a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent and inexorable. This is undoubtedly one of the most enjoyable and uncompromising movies I've ever seen, with the atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come straight from hell! Even Chan-Wook Park trilogy repayments (except "Oldboy") or some other infamous Cat-III movie ever released were so sadistic and brutal as some of the events shown in Dog Bite Dog. Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian killer who landed in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to remove the wife of a prominent judge in the restaurant. When the police arrive, young officer Wai sees Pang escaping from the crime scene and following him. The first real confrontation between the two dogs leads to huge blood because Pang mercilessly kills several hostages and even a long-time friend and colleague Wai. From now on, an exciting and action-packed game of cats and mice begins between a frustrated cop and a professional killer. He also rescues a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and remains with her at her shelter in a local landfill. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) is the background of the main characters! Pang, an attacker, is a Cambodian orphan and was trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy, and barely speaks. Wai, a cop, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his role-model father (also a policeman) is in a coma after a drug-related incidence. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; screaming at them and willing to sacrifice everything to stop their brand new miracles. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to keep from this film because the cruelty and shocks that occur in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. It is not the type of violence that bloody heads and chopped limbs intertwine with air, but rather as an intense and utterly disturbing type when people try to crush their rivals mentally and physically. Filming places are really dark and mysterious and extremely sober music, the deeper tone of the film is even more intense. Performances are amazing! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treat each other as hostile members because their hate and disgust on the screen feel a little legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, it is recommended if you can make it your stomach. If you're afraid you can not, just wait a few years for an inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly make a little bit of a premise.
