Finally, we have a category III movie for the summer season 2006. Made of cruelty, crime and passion, Dog Bite Dog has not only a favorable title, but also a flexible direction, excellent cinematography and respectable performances of the most interested. Of course, there must be a catch, which is manifested here in the form of several obvious inconsistencies, but everyone said that DBD represents a mature spirit that we would like to see more in the mainstream of HK. <br /> <br /> is the reported return Edison Chen, who has long been defeated since the first debacle D a year ago. Chen's dedicated machismo makes miracles for the film, yet it should be harsh without Sam Lee, whose Crazy 'N' the City, No Problem 2 ', and the Crazy' N 'the City, No Problem 2, and the crazy threat culminated in the strongest roles I've seen since production in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Together, the duo makes Dog Bite Dog, and hopefully Edison will be a simpler break from that moment: his touch has transformed projects from Princess D into the Infernal Affairs saga, and yet remains a rare occurrence. <br /> <br /> Mostly after the beginning, DBD performs some fascinating shots and plays beautiful tricks with light, shadow and perspective. The soundtrack enhances this atmospheric effect and increases the overall unrealistic mood of the film. Much of the resulting combination is probably related to writer Matt Chow, previously involved in the same terrible three extremes. Dog Bite Dog retains numerous features from this terrible project, and rather the distinct scenery of the city and the ubiquitous air of something mysterious lurking around the corner. Make sure this is not a horror movie, but instead the path formerly made by One Nite in Mongkok has passed, even if it is more perverse. Replacing the reluctant figure of the warship sailor Daniel Wu, we have Edison, who plays a nameless killer machine from the underworld of Cambodia. They sent Hong Kong to a single target, the almost silent killer takes care of the job immediately after his arrival, a process that froze with the kind permission of the film's brilliant visuals. Although he has fallen out of his childhood to become a professional killer, Edison's wild-eyed dog still has human weaknesses and leaves a trail raised by the CID team he was sent to investigate. This set includes a good friend from Lam Sueta and good support from Wayne Lai's television star. However, renegade officer Sam Lee Wai leads a fee, revealing himself to be a very disrupted individual, but an excellent cop, however. Gradually we learn Wai's internal conflicts from his father's police corruption, evoking demons practicing in the relentless persecution that follows. It seems that Edison seems to accept prisoners no-no. There is a lot of violence quotient in the store, though the gore per can feel toned down in places, and the adult tongue makes only a symbolic look. Again, no such nudity that would lead to the conclusion that cat III. Still, DBD is a fairly mature theatrical release and we applaud his arrival. Between fighting, stabbing, hacking, and shooting, even a career killer needs some romance, and just like Daniel Wu had Cecilia Cheung in One Nite, it does not threaten Mr. Chen to get a sweetheart, beautifully done by a new businessman, Pei Pei. Her unnamed figure (a lot of anonymity in this) meets Edison on a strangely abandoned landfill, abused by her father to the point of repulsive madness and desire for escape. When a killer kicks HK, he agrees to take her with him and they go on a flight, they love flowering on the way. While the film does not remain on loving things, our heart will come to the tragic nature and endless suffering of Pei Pei. She gives a shy but brave protagonist amazingly well, determining that there are no good or bad guys here, showed a very daring finale. Director of the Cheang Soi portfolio includes the recent suspense thriller Home Sweet Home and Love Battlefield with Eason Chan, two figures probably exceeded in most dog accounts Bite Dog's ominous behavior. Cheang can keep DBD throughout his body, and due to the many plays he plays here, he is in line with critical standards built by people like Johnny To in his flood nightly epic The Mission. Several seizures occur in the sense that Edison has miraculously shrugged his chest, but they are very unpromoteable. Marking triumphant return for two young talented artists of such Hong Kong needs, if we want the film to flourish in the city, Dog Dog Bite does not look like a story. Its strength lies in a strong portrait and style that is erect on the strength of muscle mass and is interested in visual and auditory finesse. HK has a long and time-honored tradition of stories, the city is a night-time alter-ego, something Dog Bite Dog lovingly keeps, which is a solid run, if not a complete masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Rating: * * * *
