Most reviews say this is the weakest place in Hamilton's short career. This film is a bit different from the others and because the best or the worst depends on what you expect from the movie and what you expect from Hamilton. If you know Hamilton as a photographer, you may be slightly surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books in the movement with all the young girls who appear and the relationships on the edge of the lesbian, with a story related to these scenes, Laura focuses on several characters, allowing for the development of relationships between them (male-female, artistic model), but although we see beautiful photos, many of them are better than their average, their number decreases due to conspiracy. Tendres cousines differ from both, it's just a Hamilton movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving pictures. Because it may be acceptable to a wider audience than the Hamilton fans, it looks like an erotic comedy (but the German soft-core type - fans of the Schulmädchen report will be very disappointed). You will not laugh a lot, but you can smile (and that's something you do not often get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of the woman is changing. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike its usual work, this time is not eliminated from the site. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and do not lead us from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. Hamilton (again) unfortunately lost his script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, under the shower, in low-light rooms, in gardens, in tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - that's its territory, can shoot for a few minutes and hours, and what he does, always feel the artistic eye and hand behind him. But when he has to show his average everyday life, he stops being Hamilton and becomes the average director who is watching this script. Hamilton is best known for his acts, but they are only part of him. And in Tendres's cousins, we have the opposite situation: his girls are not in the best shots. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often a neglected part), while the girls, even though they are naked, have nothing special to do with it. Perhaps Hamilton was confused by having the boy in front of the camera, perhaps thinking about accepting censorship, maybe he was really trying something new (and no one dared say he should not) but neglected why he was mostly praised.
