I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of women at the border of womanhood, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Someone else also liked it because my books David Hamilton were stolen. In one book, there were several pictures of a young boy, apparently naked, intimate with a younger woman older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. A new territory for David Hamilton, which turned out to be either a photograph of the movie Tendres Cousines or maybe a photo taken on a set. The art of static photography is unfortunately not automatically translated into cinematography. Soft focus becomes inadequate and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because motion can not be taken into account. Either you will see it or you will miss it and there is no time to understand it. The film should be a farce and funny stuff, but it does not collapse, perhaps because the story develops slowly, and one can wonder what's going on. Eventually, 14-year-old Julien has sexual intercourse with his cousin, but it's a fine core without the genital contact appearing on the camera. Because it is a farce, we have a disappointed virgin and the suffering is stuck in the act, and when he catches them, Julien's father even gives a cigarette to complete the experience. In fact, the film is in French and corresponds to French film forms, which can be too small for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help with Phillistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this film is child pornography and this is certainly the result of today's climate when sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to support or seems to approve sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no room for children to see in the weakest erotic contexts without instantly triggering alarms about sexual violence and exploitation. The boys will think "Lucky Julien!" although they agree that sex and children in movies are a "bad thing" and all the time they want Julien to be at this age. Women may have similar ideas, but all such thoughts must be extruded from the conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions become automatic and consistently avoid child and gender affairs. Damn, because sexual awakening is a real human experience. Afer everyone, children grow up and become sexually diverse creatures like Julien. It is a suitable literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence on children. I think David Hamilton risked making a film about this topic even in 1980. He was somewhat successful in exploring this sensitive topic and, unfortunately, it is unlikely that we would see child pornography better in the near future.
