The documentary begins in 1986 in NYC, where the Queen's black and Hispanic dragée holds the "balls". That's where they get dressed, they still like it, brawling their stuff in front of the audience and voting. We recognize many members and see how they all hold and support each other. As one person says to another, "You have three strikes against you - you are black, gay and dear queen." These are people who (sadly) are not accepted into society - only on balls. There can be who and what they want and accept. Then the film three years later (1989) leaves and you see things changed (tragically for some). <br /> <br /> It sounds depressing, but it's not. Most of the people they are dealing with are really very funny, and their situation is getting great humor. They are well aware of their position in society and take it humorously - just as they should. We found out that everyone lives in "houses" run by different "mothers" and they all help each other. The feeling of the community in this movie is fascinating. When this movie came out in 1990, it was controversial - and a big hit. He has received the Best Documentary Award at many festivals, but has never been nominated for the Oscar. Their reason was "black and Hispanic dear queens are not the material of the academy". Fascinating is not it? Homophobia and racism together. <br /> <br /> Today you see that it's a great movie - and a piece of work. This is simply not so - NY, which proves that it no longer exists. The spheres are still held, but not in the spirit we see here. Also, pulling has become more "accepted" in society (for better or worse). And I heard that even the houses are gone. That's kind of sad. I would like to know where these figures are now - I know two died of AIDS, but I have no idea about others. And what happened to the old 13-year-old and 15-year-old? <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is a unique document - fascinating, fun and breathtaking. They have to see it all the way! Definitely 10. Where is the DVD ???
