It was a very entertaining film, and I really liked it, I do not normally borrow such films (for example, India flicks), yet I was attracted to the film because it had an incredible performance that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved from Scream trilogy. The director of the film risked (and it is a risky risk) when he told the lives of many (and I think many) of different people and at intervals had intertwine. This risk was a good idea, because the end result is an extremely good film. <br /> <br /> The film has several main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - Discontented writer whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks due to the argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - an air loader / technician who has the love of all living things (except missionaries) and who, despite his good heart, is increasingly miserable. Cyr (Brian Cox) - owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut that is germaphobe and because of his fear of bacteria, places his assistant / chef Sung (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep pace with phobias. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), who is convinced that he is trying; prevent him from having fun, look ridiculous, go mad and live a normal life. She starts to have tiny and almost crazy arguments, and Olive really starts to doubt Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a person whose life is not doing well, as well as the bad things that start to add in their lives, he decides to take his hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are destined for themselves despite being more skeptical. She tries to bring her every chance she gets and definitely tries! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been released from work and has doubts about his role as a provider, doing other work for which he is not right. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is soothing by her experience of losing her job until she learns that Johnston was not quite a loving husband who he thought was. Overall, I definitely recommend this movie! <br /> <br />
