Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history and deserve it, so I'm glad to see one of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of his rejuvenating formula with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimneys that come to work, and very quickly Ollie wants Stan to get away. Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room has finished pushing him back into the attic. Upon interruption of the extension, Stan will receive a replacement, loaded weapon, from the wall, and of course will burn it. Stan goes to look, and Ollie, standing on the attic of the roof, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he's wounded, and Ollie answers only "I have nothing to say." Ollie returns to the rooftop and he and Stan end up in the turn and pull to find themselves in Ollie and the chimney falls. Ollie, hatless, in the fireplace is hit by the head of a bunch of bricks that are descending, and Valerie Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with smoke ash smoke, and Ollie still does not think of anything. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan tears the carpet with the shoulder, Ollie asks, "You can not do anything right," and Stan says, "I have nothing to say," and I get a shovel on my head. When Ollie holds a bag for Stan to shovel in the ashes, the painting on the wall dissipates and the ashes end up with Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle completes his formula and performs a final test on a duck with a drop in the water tank and turns it into a duckling. It also shows the boys its success, converting the egg duckling and he further proposes to use a human object, His butler. While he's gone, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up tapping Stan into a water tank with all the recipe. Eventually, what once was Ollie out, the monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all Ollie monkeys say "I have nothing to say," and Stan is screaming. Fulfilled with the wonderful play and the classic comedy you could expect from a black and white movie, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy became number seven in a comedy comedy. Very good!
