This is an unusual comedy by Laurel & Hardy with something different: sometimes it feels like two films made in different styles tangled in a single short. Fortunately, every part is funny in itself, and the boys, seemingly hopeless clowns, carry this day and synthesize the disparate elements of the film into the entertainment ensemble. While I've never heard that a fan calls DIRTY WORK as his favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it's like we like everybody. Our story is located in Professor Noodle's home, one of the key elements of the story: the wild parody of the Mad Scientist scenarios. This means that L & H is a unique contribution to sci-fi territory; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges were tangled by mad physicians much more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can hurt people, while his sarcastic butler Jessup expresses the skepticism of the viewer with rolled eyes and occasional dry smiles. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie are chimneys who appear in the professor's house the day he finishes his solution. "Their" part of the film consists of a distinctive (but first class) slapstick that includes a chimney, roof, shovel, and a series of unfortunate accidents. If you do not like to watch these guys bounce a task, you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for fans of the team, this movie is a festive event. The most important story is when Ollie bows through the chimney, landing in the fireplace and then wrinkled with bricks that fall on the head with foolish rhythmic precision one by one. I also like the shot of Ollie, who ran from the roof to the greenhouse; process work is so slapdash. I suspect it was something of an inner joke, as W.C. Film films will feature the worst screen on the back screen in the world. <br /> <br /> The terrible game is very fun, but it's a crazy scientific motif that makes this film insurmountable and two supportive players deserve the top of a bowler hat: a fertile character actor Lucien Littlefield is amazing as a professor, delivers his supernatural lines with taste and a moment with Hammy Glee, while Sam Adams is a sneeze in the less important role of Jessup Servant. Like Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at the forefront, it should always be noted that their supporting cast in the Hal Roach Studio made their films a huge lead. Likewise, as a rule, music was played on the background of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK marks an extraordinary opportunity for this time that the Roach comedy has no musical accompaniment after the opening games. Mood music could bolster the process, but no matter what; it's a really nice comedy, and an example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
