I first discovered the film when I was looking for a piece that Stéphane Rideau was involved in, even in extraordinary spoilage caused by the surprisingly beautiful "Les roseaux sauvages" (in the Portuguese Juncos Silvestres) by André Téchine. I was looking for similar movies in the age of teenage. I found the film "Presque Rien" in which director Sébastien Lifshitz was greatly surprised when he won a nomination at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The story is about two boyfriends, "boy by side", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) who meet during summer holidays. In a country remote from where he lived, Mathieu spent days at the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he begins this sensual and revealing relationship, through the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters (in "Les roseaux sauvages," 6 years younger, preserves the innocence of a sweet seduce who is shaken here in experience). An example in directing, in loving succession, in an intimate and admirable description that concerns boys who first face his (still unclear) sexuality and great love. First love, in its terrible ecstasy - despair. The best of the film is the best of France: passionate passion, hot and excited rationalism, brownish beauty, simple and natural acceptance of the family, though not without surprise and first anger. Still there is the beach, lightness, lightness and simplicity of summer, freshness of the breeze, violent melody and distinctive eyes of Elkaïm introvert (hesitant, wounded, confused, passionate). Gender is not excluded or exploited, treated as it is, no exhibition intention. Based on pure talent, it is a drama of unusual quality, with no inexpensive sentiment that inevitably shows the realistic picture of two homosexuals in their early youth as any ordinary person, albeit with the social fear of rejection and shame. It is very worthy to be seen, especially by those who adore French films (although the DVD front cover is very lame, with two actors in dozens of stars, creepy brilliant). The movie witch, in my opinion, deserves 8-9!
