I agree that the film is a bit slow on places with many scenes of worldly everyday life and without dialogue. And I was not quite overwhelmed when I watched it. After a few days, however, I realized that the film stays with me and causes a melancholy mood that stays in my mind. My recognition of this movie is increasing. They definitely deserve more attention than those movies that are immediately forgotten. As many have noted, the film is nonlinear and it is a characteristic feature of European film, unlike the linear narrative form, the Hollywood favors. I do not know whether it's true or not. Many also do not like its confusing structure and the lack of clear explanations. To those viewers I do not think there is much I can say to change my mind. However, for others who have not yet seen a movie, expect to be prompted and do not expect the movie to provide all the answers and you might like more than you otherwise would. <br /> <br /> The film will jump a bit, but it's just a chronicle of 3 time periods. Pay attention to your hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 out of 3 seasons. It's also not as confused as it was proposed; just enjoy it and everything will be clear at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, a lot of things remain unlisted or not displayed and lots of situations remain unexplored. But is not that what life is like? A lot of time you are not sure about the motives of your friends / loved if you are not confronted with them, and even then you can not be 100% sure if they tell you the whole truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. However, the film leaves enough hints to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic depressed, up to the point of suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life does not go exactly what he expected. maybe his family was missing, but he did not forgive his father for leaving his sick mother at the time of her need; perhaps he sacrifices Cedric, regroups, and actually breaks his life to be with him, realizing that it's all "coming back". I think the director wanted to show he was always small, mentality fragile with the dead bird scene. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and they choose all the stresses on him. But we have also shown that it is not an animal of an agonizing psyche because of its loving interaction with the wandering cat. There is also one interview between the doctor and Cedric, which throws light on the cause of decay and possibly a suicide attempt. The doctor asks if everything is all right, and Cedric thinks so, even if he cheated Mathieu once, but Cedric says nothing. It's the only reason we do not know, probably others, they all mix together. Is it extremely important that we know exactly what they are? I do not think for this movie. Another distinctive sign that they are not ultimately compatible is the historical scene of the ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying ruins, Cedric is not. He is the one who has a desperate hormone that focuses only on the physical side without the intellectual side that Mathieu needs, of course. Finally, the end is really rather hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after the silent tone that ends with the edge. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints on DVD. One of them is sound. It's very soft. I had to pick up the volume to hear the dialogue, and then, when it switched to the bar scene or outside, it was too loud. The second is that subtitles can not be turned off; they stay on the screen. Most foreign DVDs that have not been released in a large studio are, unfortunately, dirty in this way.
