The first love is a desperately complicated topic that convincingly vanishes in the cinema: the whole of the vast passion generally ends like a white imitation or, worse, a little ridiculous. Lifshitz is able to avoid all the pitfalls and brings a moving, sexy, thoroughly reassuring story of love, catastrophe, and possible redemption while tangentially touching some of the deeper topics of human existence. The main story is Mathieu, 18, a lonely, introverted boy who meets Cedric, stranger, more derogatory, but equally lonely while on holiday with his family. When they warm up in the summer, they fall in love and decide to live together after the holidays. A year later, the relationship ends with a disaster: Cedric cheats Mathieu, who, disturbed, tries to take his own life. He survives, and to return to his life, he returns to the seaside town where he met for the first time, this time covered in the cold winter season. If so said, they never have the influence they are doing: much of it is implied, all this happens not gradually. Complex narration is necessary to gain a deeper sense of passion, counterpoint and time perspective. Luckily, three time lines (summer of love, post-suicide psychiatric hospital and winter reconstruction) are used: warm yellow and orange for summer, almost terrifying cold blue for hospital scenes, and brown and blues for the winter sea. <br /> <br /> Both main actors have bet on outstanding performances, although it is a pleasure to see that Stéphane Rideau (Cédric) used to full performance (I'm more used to seeing him under - Jérémie Elkaim (Mathieu) must be chosen for a special You can feel his loneliness, then his almost unbelievable passion, then his character breaks behind the aphasic wall. Beautifully created gestures have gotten over much more than if he could ever have a dialogue. <br /> <br /> The topics we are touching , are almost classical in French cinematography: our difficulties with a true understanding of what another person feels, our difficulties in full communication, the shift of letters mean "The title" Presque rien "(almost nothing) points to all these events and to one of the key scenes in the film: When we try to understand why Mathieu was trying to kill, the psychiatrist asks Cédric if he ever cheated on him? "No" enfin, oui ?? une fois, mais ce "Cedric still loves Mathieu?" He brought him to the hospital during a suicide attempt (none of whom we can see) and tries desperately to contact him again when he leaves ? but he can not understand that he has lost him forever because something that was nothing (insignificant matter) is all about Mathieu. <br /> <br /> Although the film is darker than the miserable poster of Pierre et Gilles, it is not without hope: we see Cédric's slow, painful attempts to get back into contact with life, first through the cat he receives, then through working in the local bar and finally with Pierre, which may be his next love. But here the story ends: adolescent enthusiasm, over a year, perhaps another beginning. So what was that? Almost nothing? Sure not when you live?
