"Presque Rien" ("Come Undone") is an earlier work by the extremely gifted writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with Stéphane Bouquet, the team that gave us the later "Wild Side"). When we understand how Lifshitz's way of telling each of his works becomes more valuable. By allowing his sensual and sensitive love stories to develop in the same random way in the minds of confused and uncertain youngsters - time, time, time of reflection, time imagined, time alone - Lifshitz makes his tales more personal, involving the viewer with every aspect of the answers characters. It does a bit of work to make the key to his method, but going with his technique makes us deeply attracted to the film. Mathieu (the handsome and gifted Jérémie Elkaïm) visits the sea for a vacation, time to allow her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight her undefined illness, cared for by the holy and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father remained at home for business reasons. Weaving in the first moments of the film are pictures of Mathieu himself, looking depressed, running trains and talking to someone in a small recorder. We do not want to wonder if the evolving action is memory or current action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu notices a handsome youth whose age he plays, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions trembling with confusion. Young Cedric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister at home, continuing the mystery of attraction. Soon Cedric joins Mathieu and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that begins with passionate obsession with love. Mathieu is scared in the direction he takes, rejects Cédric's public approaches, but continues to look for him in consensus. Two young men are fully in love that they are in love and the acceptance of the physical aspect of this relationship, so very necessary to understand this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. But as summer wore Mathieu, a devoted student, he realizes that Cédric is a drifter working at a carnival root. It is obvious that Cédric is a Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is apollo: at a time when the architectural ruin spreads, Mathieu is excited about the beauty of history and space, while Cedric is only interested in the place as a new shelter for love. Mathieu is a complicated person who cope with his family ties of critical illnesses and a disrespectful father, the fear of his growing sexuality, and the enthusiasm for Cédric. Their moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's confession of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to cope with this question and eventually divide. Time is changing, family changes are changing, and Mathieu goes into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu compares to all of these challenges, and suddenly finds comfort in one of Cédric's lovers Pierre (Nils Ohlund), brings the film ambiguous but totally successful culmination. the film's sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning with the knowledge of the whole story is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a film of meditation with passion, conflicts with the passionate powers found in love, and a silent film of silence and reverie that are incomparably beautiful. The entire cast is excellent and the direction is subtle and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of the film. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
