"Coming back" seems to generate a lot of opinions among contributors to this forum. He promised that it was a movie that promises to take gay life as most of the audience expects and somehow comes from this promise into an introspective view of the soul of a young man. The film has a way to stay with us even when it's over. It is a character study of how a young person engages in a love affair with someone so different from him who eventually leaves Mathieu, confused, wounded, and depressed, when things do not go according to what he hoped the relationship would be. <br /> <br /> If you did not see the movie, you might want to stop reading. <br /> <br /> Movie director Sebastien Lifshitz told his story Mathie's opinion. Most viewers seem to be disoriented by different times in the movie, but there are signs that are not obvious as seen in retrospective. The story is narrated in memories that could contribute to the way some people see the movie. This is the story of the mourning of love Mathieu felt for Cedric and the final collapse of their lives. <br /> <br /> First, Cedric, a handsome young local, follows Mathieu until he can see that he likes him. Mathieu also feels attracted to Cedric. We realize how different young men are by Cedric Mathieu's family, how he feels that the school is not for him. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wants to be an architect, finds beauty in a deserted place where Cedric took him. We see how Mathieu, read from the book, wants attention to Cedric. When Mathieu goes out to his mother, he wisely tells him that it is important to continue his career. She also points out what they will both have together, which is true. It seems Mathieu has learned his lesson hard. He continues to an uncertain life with Cedric and tries to take his own life. We look at him in the hospital and talk to a psychiatrist who treats his wounded soul. The end may be confusing for most of the audience, but in the movie there is a time when Mathieu goes to work in the bar where we see him wash his glasses and watch carefully Pierre, a young man who shares a bar. That's why Mathieu is looking for Pierre in his house, it seems hard to imagine. Still, we saw Mathieu clearly interested in Pierre. The last scene on the beach, when Pierre and Mathieu see the walks in the sand, has a promising signal that it will be better between them to look at the young boy apparently lost, but then he realizes that his father is approaching. > <br /> Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most complicated characters in recent movies. This is a young man who is difficult to understand at a simple level. Mathieu suffered a lot, first with the separation of his parents, then with his depressed mother and the loss of Cedric. Stephan Rideau, who was seen on other important French films, is just as good as the shallow Cedric. While "Come Undone" shares opinions, the film deserves viewing due to the complexity and care Sebastien Lifshitz gives a story.
