I did not make this film a perfect score to be honest compared to the big classics like "Citizen Kane" and "Seven Samaurai". But this movie is so wonderful, it's a real shame that it's so bad for general voters IMDb. However, the IMDb selector relies on geeks, and "Paulie" does not qualify for it. The only criticism I could suggest is that Hallie Kate Eisenberg did not represent the perfect stuttering of the child. I'm sorry, but I'm going to ask a 6-year-old child to knock out Dustin Hoffman because Rainman asks for the impossible when shooting a movie. Moving around this tiny complaint, the movie has the best of many films: buddy road-trip, con-games, hero as a party-bird ?, Disney-like humor for young and old, etc. What does he dislike? Tony Shaloub wins her role as a pair of comfortable jeans. That's normal for him. ("I AM RUSSIA ... I LOVE FURTHER STORIES.) I do not like mango, but it almost makes me want to go out and buy one." Watch the movie and it makes sense. /> Buddy Hackett and Cheech Marin are very good in the film , roles that are quite good for what we all know about them.I always found Jay Mohr to be a bit slim and his role on the screen so good It was the only surprise to find that Jay was also Paulie's voice, well, put together Parrot and anti-Parrot as a team and create their own charm. <br /> <br /> If you are trying to find a movie for you and for children that is neither insulting nor boring for them, "Paulie" is the perfect but I admit that a happy moment will turn my reviews "Paulie." He was on the road in the main wave of warm waves, the air conditioning of the cars was gone, half of the restaurants had dead cooling (like our hotel) and I said, "Let's take a look at fil m, where air-cond is working. "So we did, so for 100 minutes we were cooled, amused and had a heart warming experience. When I saw it recently on a VCR under less emotional circumstances, I realized how good this movie was. <br /> <br /> It's a sleepy movie that you will not regret.
