What is a strange gorgeous, sometimes light and bulky, large-scale fantasy. Takashi Miike has already proven himself in the Yokai Great War to dive into other films alongside his alleged niche crime / Yakuz genre (Visitor Q and Andromedia have shown it, the former Big One). But here, in his first and only co-screen credit, Miike proves that he can deliver the goods to the postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, the CGI, the creation and makeup effects, and the epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something from Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made far, certainly and most obviously, that they will jump in to Miyazaki's place, for the seemingly unique mixture of children as great heroes, powerful hungry wizards who seek the energy of the earth as a major source, machines as the greatest evil, and many bizarrely defined, creation (or Yokai title). But they can also be compared with star wars, especially with the Battle of Gungan in the TPM and all the power games between good and evil with similar forces. Or anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, for Henson's movies. And thanks to all these comparisons and even despite shortcomings or surprising moments, Miike is all along the sensitivity of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here is Ryunosuke Kamiki Tadashi, a prototype kid who starts something wild and sensitive to things in the world, but he becomes a hero in a world that goes into the darkness. Darkness is the evil sorcerer who gets his energy from all angry and pathetic vibrations in the human world and who also begins to kill the spirit and other creatures, Yokai, into a fire that sends them to huge robots who have only one mission - to destroy and kill something in their ways. Tadashi gets to fight Sato magician like Yokai, one of Sato's major coins and cohorts, Agi (Kill Bill Chiaki Kuriyama, another big villain) steals Tadashi's little fur companion, Sunekosuri. Soon, things get to the top, at the peak that brings to mind many other fantasy movies and stories, but can only be contained to a certain extent by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend the Great Yokai War for Children, but in a forward note, it's not some furious fantasy in American circles. It has a huge creature including a roofed umbrella stand and walk, talking walls, not to mention the turtle, the fire serpent and the woman who cursed Sato. The variety is high on this peak, and you can almost feel like creatures and effects - which grows to an unbeatable height when the "festival" encounters Yokai reaching hundreds of miles. But there is also a feeling that fantasy is strong both in light and in darkness, and Sunekosuri is perhaps the best emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because it's a cute idea); where else did you get an audience that crashed over a little brown balls of rage that end up in a tragic battle with Tadashi in robot form? <br /> <br /> However, there is also a sense of anarchy in the brightest places of Miike's career, which distinguishes them from animated, Muppet and sci-fi counterparts. It's a bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at the decisive moment of climax, and more than a couple of years of fantasy with creatures and combat scenes (I loved, for example, a guy with a big blue head who can shrink it or an anxious turtle-Yokai). The greatest danger with Miike's access to greater special effects and the computer spell he's flirting is exaggerated in this direction. It's all right, with some scenarios, and creates some unforgettable impressions with some songs (one of them is when it's all done and done, and Tadashi and the "second" human figure are in the middle of the Tokio detonations overhead), but CGI is sometimes a bit unconvincing with the robots, and the opponent's skirts are too spectacular, and some visuals, like the Yokai overlay spread the word about the big festival on the map, just look faint and pat. I was just wondering if Miike could get into (bad) Spy Kids, but honestly. But this responsibility alongside the Great War Yokai provides more than just a share of excitement, noisy excitement and innocent melodrams, has come up with many of the best children's fantasies. It owes much to the film, just like traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws are still spinning even in the hottest and most confused tone. He is not the best filmmaker, but experimenting in a commercial medium will end in his benefits. It has a great message and lots of great adventures. 7.5 / 10
