Stories of animal-speaking films are approaching cautiously. For every fabulous person like Babe you get as poor as the terrible remake of Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey. Or, in the case of cats and dogs, you have a great idea for a movie that does not suit its potential. When I heard about Paulia, the assumption of a poor parrot did not give me exactly the confidence. But I found a pleasant surprise. And he can get into your heart without realizing it. Russian guard Misa Vilyenkov (Tony Shaloub) gets a job at a research lab. One day he will hear the singing from the underground. And when he examines, he finds a parrot in the cage that sings his little heart out. Misia fascinates the bird, especially when it turns out that the parrot not only sings, he can speak. And few phrases. His parrot can actually talk to. The parrot is called Paulie (pronounced Jay Mohr), and recognizes colleagues the Misha crew. Curious how this world of a wise bird ended in a dusty basement, Misa convinces Paulie to tell him his life story. Which all began when he was a child and in the care of Mary, a five-year-old girl with stuttering. Two of them became bird birds (OK, bad punk!). When Mary's parents became interested in their close friendship with a bird, they considered him a mission. And eventually they did after Marie nearly wounded after falling after Paulie had taught him to fly. Desperately meets her, Paulie begins a long journey across America, which includes a diverse number of new owners, flies over long distances and even ends behind the grid. The collection that is! <br /> <br /> Paulie was one of the series of promising animal movies released by DreamWorks in the late 1990s. And although it was not allowed the same acknowledgment or box office success Babe, Paulie succeeds on several levels, and is sometimes the work of awesome intelligence. Jay Mohr's stand-up acting style is suitable for Paulie. He will never lose his role as too complacent, even though he is a bit clever Alec. Paulie is secular, but he is also naive in his way. Because he lived a rather protected life with Mary when he is taken away, he has to take care of himself for the first time. And when it falls into the hands of different owners, Pauli promises to reunite him with Mary, which he believes. Only for those promises that will fall apart over time. <br /> <br /> Paulie is definitely a little episodic. He watches the eclectic people with whom Paulie ends and slowly approaching Mary. First, she stops at the pawnshop where Ivy (Gena Rowlands) is adopted, a kind woman who teaches him the sense of behavior. She sympathizes with Paulie's situation, and directs RV across America to find Mary. Paulie is sometimes a very moving film. His scenes with Ivy are some of the best. Beautiful moments of Paulie sat on the shoulder and sang the numbers of Tom Jones. The way instilled by the need for hope is great, and one of the dialogues is quite well written and even thought: "You put things down in life because you think you're what Ivy taught me is that you have to live, as if it could be later. "The scene on which Ivy leaves on the road leaving Paulie alone is a very heart-breaking moment. And the sequence in which the courage to fly for the first time through the Grand Canyon for the first time is magnificently rising is a beautifully composed scene that stays with you for hours after the end of the movie. Despite the occasional sad moment, there are plenty of laughs to be. Paulie falls into a group of spy parrots in a Spanish outdoor restaurant. Animatronic effects here are really excellent because the four birds do a perfectly choreographed dance number. And Paulie even gets romance. Who is interrupted when he falls with a small thief (also plays Mohr). This may be the only complaint I have. Once you get into one situation, the movie then moves Paulie to the other. The scene where Paulie learns to steal money from ATMs is fun, but a bit worrying. I'm Stunned DreamWorks got the opportunity to include such a scene in a children's movie. And Paulie's diamond robbery is a very unrealistic mission. He is captured in the hearing and taken to the laboratory for animal testing, where he has stayed since. The story finally comes in a circle in the lab, where Misha promises to help Paulie. Of course they'll find Marie. But the final revelation is a scene with such a shocking intensity, I worried for several minutes. Paulie may never get a long life, but I believe it's just a brilliant movie. The same laughs. Same flawless effects. The same surprising intelligence. Smaller jewel.
