A lot of people hang on to the movie shield as a "children's movie", and that's certainly it's for adults. Takashi Miike uses a fantasy genre, especially a childlike fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild, which is the Great Yokai War. The setting is simple, the boy is chosen to play the "hero" at this year's festival, only to discover his role is much more real than he could imagine. What follows is a hallucination, a grotesque, moody and often funny way through the world of Japanese folklore, but wait for there to be a villain evil to the lost who want to destroy the world. The villain, however, is not just a demon, it is the demonic spirit of the accumulated resistance of those things that people "use" and "expel". As a dark chamber of pure liquid hatred and hatred, the villain transforms the vivid Yokai ghosts into the mindless dozens of legs of tall temporary robots whose chain saw for arms and eyes like burning coal (those who play the Sonic The Hedghog video game can remember a certain Robotnik doctor , who performs similar procedures with the cute and greedy ones who had to "free" Sonic). The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, basically playing a straight man's world suddenly angry. Although he goes through typical hero processes more often than kneeling, like many Yoks themselves who seem to be really defenseless against murderous robots, some ghosts are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls, or creatures whose soul makes sense in life to count beans. Of course, in this magical World of War in Yokai in Miike, even beans will gain magic if somebody believes in them. In several respects, this film undermines the usual child fantasy conventions, as few, if some of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of coincidences, almost any faith and longing for a party. Yokai goblins just gathered together and besieged the villains of the villains after they had washed the end of the world invasion of Earth for a great Yokai festival and even then just for a dance party. The film also ends with the usual festive event that ends with a fantastic end but with the final scene showing our older, adult-looking hero, now unable to see the spirit of Yokai from his youth, who then turns desperately into a vile, who as a ghost can never die . This end, with his Yokaie spirit, which is the image of Pikachu Pokémon, warns us not only to leave our child's self, but also to the horror of excessive consumption. The villain is anger caused when people no longer respect the world and the objects around them (Japanese folklore has almost every object a spirit) and when used and discarded, just as we do in consumer societies with no respect, they become soulless revenge machines , not unlike those seen in modern video games, which suggests that although our ideas and myths will never die, they can be distorted. This is one of the first scripts Miike has contributed to, and I think it shows it because there is conceptual tightness that sometimes gets under the carpet, thanks to his pleasure for visual playfulness. Although I focused mainly on the story (because it seems to be a lot of users), I want to say that it is visually a CGI kaleidoscope, a stop animation, a costume and a living puppet that works remarkably well. The film in the movie is dreamlike, and comparison with Miyazaki is guaranteed as well as the comparison of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, though this film is sharper and more adult than one. Yokai are defeated, brutalized and converted to hateful machines who believe they even kill a few people, deformed male calf abortions are born and dying in grotesque opening movies, while sexual underwear, long-necked women licking the face of our boy's hero or other characters that remain in the memory of touching the thigh of a young, slightly weathered water spirit like a boy seemed to stay too long for most of Western tastes, especially when he considered it a "children's film." However, these are small enough to attract adult attention when they were small enough to traumatize all children badly. Grims of the fairytales, before the revision, has done much worse, much more often. Everything and everything is one of Miikes's most accessible and pilgrimage businesses yet with enough visual drama and great performances (Yokai spirits have humorism and absurd humor that sometimes laughs at loud amusement experiences) to appeal to viewers of all ages and stable conceptual a sub-concentration strong enough to reach an adult audience that probably brought their children, a sense of nostalgia for the long lost fantastic films of their youth. The latter group seems to be the most willing to spend the passive consumption of the world around them, but to respect the ghosts that seemed much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, fun and truly original film from an exciting director who did not come close to his peak. Instant classic.
