Fantastic show and unrealized classic; The League of Lords remains one of the most modern modern comedies of recent times. With the dark and bizarre style of humor, which relies on the tired, formulative approach of its inferior, yet unfortunately the much more acclaimed successor, Little Britain, the League of Lords, was really strange during a rather quiet era of British comedy. Until the moment he came to the scene, there was nothing like the League of Lords. On the surface, a seemingly simplifying sketch, the show soon developed as a lively, sinister, but incredibly cheerful universe populated with all brilliant comedic creations. What really sets the show out of its competitors is an approach that tells us that it's a story. Rather than serving re-sketched sketches that are hardly different from the next, we see that each individual or group of characters passes through different paths and stories. No visit to them is the same and every time they offer us a surprise. <br /> <br /> Gradually, over three series and a Christmas specialty, the fictional town of Royston Vasey rises with a grotesque cheerful population. And that's probably the main reason why the show is watching with such joy (and also the reason why the show would easily deserve another series). Unlike other concerts such as The Catherine Tate Show or even more important is Britain, the character has a run, of course, and they have the opportunity to cope with it. Several favorites of fans who could easily keep on bowl bowed before the series ended, giving room for other characters to grow more or allow newer Royston Vasey residents to get their mark. <br /> <br /> Another thing that sets this show over others is that the writing team approaches the scripting process with care and intelligence. As mentioned earlier, all four members of the League have a healthy mind when it comes to assessing the longevity of their creations, and when it is time to call it ending with certain characters. This consciousness also meant that the League of Lords is undergoing a bold development that is not usually seen in a show of this nature. The story-driven and much darker third series is a courageous step from the first two series based on the sketch, and this courageous League step really pays off. With the third series, they are less urgent for their audience, and just like the Christmas specialty, they are watching stories with a clear story, unlike previous sketch-based series that successfully combined different sketch files into a long story series. <br /> <br /> The third series is a refreshing change in tempo style as well as true love for fans who have already seen the first two. In spite of some polarized opinion of the third series, every real fan of the League will appreciate what the third series offers, as well as really enjoying character-based episodes that only delve deeper into favorite fans, a wine of characters that would not have previously crossed the route. <br /> <br /> It could be a little bit trying to get into a change in style, but it is definitely worth it, and in my opinion the third series is the best and also provides a solid conclusion of the series. <br /> <br /> The show is not without its drawbacks, and very occasionally some characters and pieces appear somewhat out of place, but for the most part, genius writing, the dark nature of the performance and the star of great characters (which are often too close to the real life) makes real treatment and proves what comedy should be, and gives most of the newer, phrase-controlled phrases and often desperate attempts at comedy shame
