I can not believe it's been ten years since this show first appeared on television and the pleasure of the audience thanks to its unique combination of comedy and horror. This is a show that gave birth to a good part of modern British humor: Terrible's House of Horrible; Garth Marenghi's Darkplace; The Mighty Boosh; Snuff Box. Many have imitated the style of this show and I do not deny that some have overtaken her quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to remember that he started this trend, with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Rees Shearsmit. Together they created Royston Vasey, a sinister town in the idyllic setting of England, where unsuspecting tourists and passers-by hit a trapped couple who wants to keep the city in place and without strangers; where the unemployed are abused and offended at the workplace; where the farmer uses real people as scarecrows; where the vet kills all the animals that are trying to heal; where the Gypsy circus kidnapped people; and where the butcher has something secret but irresistible for food to get to him. <br /> <br /> This is just a specter of what an audience finds in the League of Lords. The three actors themselves give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters. Makeup and prosthetics are so good that I actually thought I was looking at a lot more actors on the show than it was. But it is also a great act: the way they change their voices and the movement of the body really become other people. Most jokes begin with something ordinary, from real life, and then blows into something disturbing, sometimes intestinal. Sometimes it is pure horror without adjustment, as in the character of Papa Lazarus. Imagine the owner of the ceremonial make-up circus breaking into someone's house and kidnapping women to be his wife. No explanation. It's scary. Then there are numerous references to horror films: Se7en, Silence of the Lambs, Nosferatu, Exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Fans of horror will like, comedy fans will love him. As every entrant knows, there is a sign that says "Welcome to Royston Vasey: You Never Leave." Any viewer who gives this exhibition a chance will agree. Once you discover the League of Lords, you will never want anything else you will never forget.
