This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I first saw her on Comedy Central a few years ago. At that time I did not know it was dramatically modified and it turned out not to be right, and I just watched all three series in order and unedited (thanks to the internet and your amazing "tube series") I AM SO GLAD I Re-discovered It! I think the Central comedy chose and chose to make it through the series one and two to become a "season" ...... and I tried to get my friends and family to look at it but nobody really liked it (I need new friends). So I did the very best I could. Even though I felt a little dwindled, I still felt compelled to keep track of it. After years of discovering Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline of LoG as influencing Marjorie in Fat Fighters. I also like the idea of ​​writers who perform the whole show .... (not new, but impeccable here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No transgression, Matt & David ... I love you)! This is really a dark comedy piece of genius. Serial murder, implied cannibalism ..... name it and it is likely to be in this amazing, unique piece of television art. The placement of the first scene is cool and it seems that you will be taken to the city of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character would have to be Tubbs, but every figure as it is rendered has its "spell". My favorite was Papa Lazarous, when he reappeared in series three (smart and completely unexpected)! It is best to watch several episodes in a row because it controls continuity and, as I have already said, it becomes so persuasive (and at the same time repulsive) that it really DOES NOT STOP. It's not for those who have weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmothers (unless you have one healthy grandmother)! I have always loved British TV, especially comedy, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Appearance, the absolutely fabulous and British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This is unlike all those that completely redraw the boundary between what is funny and what is simply bad and twisted. Nothing, on television in the US has never come close to this level of entertainment. American Broadcasting Television is so sad and poor, I can hardly stand to watch it. It's a bit sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show the unmodified version of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are such shows that come from "over a pond" that will redeem the whole medium every ten years. The basic cable in the US has been making minor strides over the past few years in convincingly crossing lines with more graphic sexual content, drug use, and adult language, but there are still years to decide to be adults about adult behavior (instead of mere murder obsession and blowing things, heesh, it's like the same basic show format over the last 35 years)! Do not even start me with a US sitcom! Loss of time and a lot of unnecessary money ... ... you know that "According to Jim" is in the air 10 years ??? 10 YEARS?? Anyway ... Look at this show, add it to the DVD, do what you have to do, and then get your friends to watch it anyway! You've never seen anything like that. There are three specials I have not seen yet ... I saved them to come to my best friend the next time they arrived. He will look at them even if I have to divide it and paint with feces! Lines and links and links! Note that the series three deviate from one and two ... it seems that the bigger city looks to focus on newer characters, the laughing shift is gone (thank you bloody hell), the theme is more bands and smaller orchestra and a little story is taking place outside of Royston Vasey. Do not throw any of them, because until the end, the series kept silent perversion first demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four guys created something completely undefined. Brilliant, self-confident and absolutely utterly demented. You will want to watch it again and again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds the screen can go from a cheap look to terrible blasphemy and then end up with a single expression of the face. If I ever met any of those writers / artists, I would ask them not to create or attempt to overcome them ..... I would say only, "Can I help you anyway?" (Then they probably would have missed me so I asked them to sign a slap-mark)! 10 out of 10
