What do you get when you cross The Matrix with the Truman Show? You've all seen The Matrix. The Matrix makers say it's anime inspired. Just by watching a trailer on this classic, you can see where the plot was taken from. The film is set up so much in Japan in 1980, and it really shows. Costumes, music and words (in the latest version of English by AD Vision) are as if they were directly raised from that time. I believe it was also at that time, but because of some hereditary points this is not a movie! <br /> <br /> As you probably guessed by referring to Matrix, the world is not real. It's not really the 1980s. In fact, it's something like 2480. After the nuclear war, the earth's ecosystem (or "biosphere Prime") was destroyed. The survivors are forced to escape into the universe where the conflict continued. Once all the planets (or "Biospheres") have been abandoned, people have begun to live in MegaZones - cities within spacecraft where hypnosis techniques and Truman Show-esque illusions have been made to believe we are back on earth in the quietest time in a recent memory ... In the eighties. When a young Shogo gets a mysterious advanced motorcycle, he leads him to find out more than he should know ... Garland (a bike that becomes a mosch), a weapon of 2400, helps Shogo escape the military pursuit. As the MegaZone appears, the war comes closer to home, and due to the conflict between the military and the computer the war also comes to MegaZone ... I'm sorry if these points are considered spoilers, but the fence is outlined in this way on the synopsis. <br /> <br /> Emotion runs high in this movie, moreso than the Matrix. You really believe the war is happening, and Shogo is quite betrayed by what he discovers. What begins as a uber-happy chill 80 becomes a tragic story about war and unreality. These characters are real people, not cardboard cutouts that we saw in the balls at The Matrix. There is really a sense of suffering that people can go through after being caught up in such a conspiracy and war. Maybe he just chokes you to the end ... I know he did it. Animation is quite impressive for your day and the image quality on DVD ADVision is incredible for its age. The artistic style is beautiful and resembles the traditional anime, very cultural. Be prepared for a lot of violence and blood, there's an erotic sex scene. The end can be seen as "there can be no end", similar to the Matrix, or there may be a sequel that I did not have the pleasure of watching. I have to say that this is one of the best animes I've ever seen, actually one of the best movies I've ever seen and which many consider to be one of the greatest animos of all time. I have to recommend ADVision DVD because their take on the English language is incredible and makes film righteousness and can be bought with artbox to hold two sequels when they are released, which will have the same voice cast. <br /> <br /> Overall, MegaZone 23 is an incredible movie and deserves to be kept high, and should be crucial in every collection of anime fans. Damn, my mother enjoyed it too.
