This film reminds a little of the German film "Unfortunate Story" because the child is magically transferred to a foreign country to become a hero. But thanks to the appeal of modern technology, puppets and CGIs are used to create an incredibly realistic view of the world - one that blows out socks because of its realism and scope. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed this movie but the boy was the first! Unfortunately, for most of the West, this film is one that you could very quickly give up or release, because everything in the movie looks so strange. But you give him a chance. Do not think or try to understand everything you see, just let the story unfold and you will most likely enjoy the film. In many ways, it's exactly the kind of advice I would give to adults who look at Miyazaki's SPIRITUAL AWAY because it is very similar and features lots of tons of Yokai (Japanese mythic spirit). The big differences between the two are that the YOKAI TOMORROW'S WAR is a live action and SPIRITATE AWAY is much more child friendly. While I think the great war YOKAI was intended mostly as a children's film, in the US, most parents would not want to show it to younger children because it is so violent, frightening and has some adult behavior. So who's the audience in the West? Older children and adults who appreciate foreign films with unmatched themes and compositions. This is rather a narrow audience! <br /> <br /> As you look, look at all the strange little things. In fact, you can watch the movie ten times and notice small things every time. A few interesting links that I liked were comments on Gamer, the scene that came with the comment "KIDS: Do not Try This At Home", as well as the use of Kirin beer to really see Yokai hmm, ... maybe this the scene should contain this warning)! <br /> <br /> By the way, director Takashi Miike is hard to emphasize stylistically than to say that none of his stories I saw seemed "normal". Some of his films are somewhat disgusting and disturbing and I hate them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and one of the best movies I've ever seen (THE HAPPINESS OF THE KATAKURIS). One thing is certain, it is hard to watch one of his films and you do not have a strong reaction one way or the other.
