Simon Pegg plays part of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who began the early career of writing for a magazine that specializes in badmouthing surface and superficiality rich and famous. He makes a career outside celebrities, even though he desperately wants to be a person. The film is based on a very bizarre career by Toby Young, who has also run a small magazine called Modern Review in Britain, which offered critical criticism of almost everything he can imagine until he closed up a magazine hate speech magazine with his co-editor, on a spectacularly unsuccessful career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is almost the part of his life narrated in this film. <br /> <br /> He is excited to work for a major publication (Sharp's magazine in the film) and despite the active nerves he radiates positive on the first day. He meets editor-in-chief Clayton Harding (Jeff Bridges), who is nasty as a nail, but he's also an editor who needs to be like Young to keep his job in the magazine. It offers little in the face of Young's immediate admission but also has what can only be described as the liberal tolerance of young young people and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the movie is derived from the misunderstanding or indifference of Young's generally accepted code of public behavior and special etiquette that engages in negotiations with the rich and famous. But why Sidney acts so strangely and makes extremely offensive interviews is because he thinks he does not die the whole celebrity culture and seems to believe the old saying? "If you can not beat them, join them and beat them." Complicated issues are two very different women. Alison is a charming, regular girl Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), initially horrified by Sidney's obvious arrogance and feminine ways, and a stunning model of Sophie (Megan Fox), a celebrity culture. Surprisingly, Sidney's infinite superficial attack and star is a superficial lust for Sophie, the one that looks like a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is amazingly beautiful, it's true, but she also finds that she has no idea in her mind. not too interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person. Relationship with her would have the whole reality of Britney Spears' marriage, and yet the film maintains a certain level of credibility, because, as it turns out, we feel that Sidney has the pain of not doing it (just as I felt it). <br /> <br /> Ow To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfying performances and, although becoming a bit of your classic romantic comedy by a third act, has a number of well-developed and interesting characters. For example, Danny Huston gives us great performance as another love affair, Alison, who gives up The Big Lebowski (also plays Bridges) with his ever-present White Russian, one of my personal favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs about $ 350, but the kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I look forward to the day when Simon Pegg unfolds a bit because I love his movies, but I'm pretty sure of his scope. In Hot Fuzz he played a serious character, but he was serious only in relation to the madness that surrounded him, and eventually returned to being himself again, almost in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run and Now lose friends. It is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else to do.
