Sidney Young (Pegg) moves from England to New York to work for the popular Sharpe magazine hoping to live in the lifestyle of his dream, but will strive for a lasting impression. Based on Toby Young's book Survival in American Commerce, this comic track has gained mixed views from criticism. Recognized as inconsistently funny, but with the charm of actors how to lose friends, it seemed like running a miller fish from the pond to make fun in another cultural comedy, but it is not. the picture works for its actors and a simple yet sharp story. We get started in the past, then, and we are working on the way to see Young getting one of America's best magazines. <br /> <br /> Pegg (Hot Fuzz) is too good for words. Whether it's a zombie with a cricket bat, or the fact that his partner shows the nature of the law, the English actor brings a spell and a light heart to each scene. Here, when scripting is good, but far from its own standards, it brings a lot of energy to the picture and is worth watching. His antics with "Babe 3" are unforgivable, just breathtaking things like his exaggerated dance, but he pulls it up wonderfully. Bridges and Anderson are thriving at stereotypical magazine bosses where Dunst fits nicely with a confused interest in love. Megan Fox, who stole Transformers, reminds everyone that she can deal with a funny hyperbole of stereotypous movie stars. The fact that her character Sophie Myles plays in the picture of Mother Teresa is as ridiculous as the excitement of her character in the pool. To emphasize that there is a dog, and Pegg will end it in a real British comedy with a big step. <br /> <br /> Although the British film is adapting the American lifestyle to young people when they try to fit in and see different approaches to telling stories. The young man wants bad dirty to contrasted with American professionalism. Inclusion of modern tabloid stars will soon make this film dated, but the concept of exploiting movie stars makes it this edge. Weide's first picture is not perfect. There are gone in concentration as the conspiracy is too soapy with an embarrassing twist and there are too many characters to be necessary. Physical comedy can also be exaggerated. As a side note, DVD bloopers are some of the best you'll ever see, which are almost half an hour long. This comic track has Simon Pegg again in brilliant form and with a collective approach to telling stories and sharp comedy, it's worth watching.
