I was looking forward to losing friends and people alienated for months, especially because they played Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg. Simon Pegg is a comedy genius, and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite actress. How To Lose Friends And Alienate People on the Site! Of course not perfect, but very nice and fun. How to Lose Friends and Alienate People are watching the life of Sidney Young, a small, crazy British celebrity journalist who hired an upscale magazine in New York City. In spectacular fashion, Sidney enters society and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After interrupting one black tie event by allowing the wild pig to run, Sidney drew the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepted work with a New York magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he should better impress and enchant anyone who can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately offends and harasses fellow writers Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to focus on staring energy journalists Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also breaks his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds a creative way to bother almost everyone. His saving mercy, the rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a special affection for him. At a time when Allison's friendship could be the only one that would save Sydney from spiraling career. The story is very interesting, and acting was the pinnacle of what players got. Simon Pegg is still cheerful as ever! It makes Sydney feel annoyed, it's unpleasant and annoying, as true as it happened, but later in the days when Sydney has become not only a nice but also a real character that you eventually root with. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had some very wonderful acting and entertaining scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff flickering Bridges! How can he please? He makes Clayton a very cheerful character with some joke and overall you like a guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as a supporting actress. Each of them had their own personality, which was quite unmanageable overall, but it just made the movie work. One thing I did not like was how some characters were one-dimensional. I understand that most of them were supporting cast, but some of the cast was not used enough to give the film more spice. How to Lose Friends and Alienate People will never be in the top ten movies ever, or even in the top 10 comedies at all, but they have a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even charm you. Lost Friends and Alienate People is definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
