First, we watched this film as part of the new Argentinean film festival in 2000 at Walter Reade. Although we liked it, we did not consider it exceptional. We have seen it a second time, and we have found another meaning in this view of life in Buenos Aires. The film takes place on one of Argentina's darkest days when the DeLaRua report ends. The country was in the turbulence of the economy that flourished earlier in the 1990s, President Menen, in an artificially created climate. It was the moment when the dollar bank accounts were frozen, and people were nursing nightmares. The story begins just as Santamarina, a bank employee, is released because of the collapse of the economy. Instead of getting sympathy from his wife, she blocks him from the apartment and he becomes a homeless for practical reasons. He enters the street and tries to meet his goals. The second story introduces us to Ariel, a young Jew who talks about work in Spanish society. It's almost a miracle to get a job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Jewish neighborhood of "El Once" in the city center. Things get worse when Ariel's mother suddenly dies. Only Estela, a young woman who is in love with Ariel, helps her father and son. Santamarina, a pure man, has to resort to showering anywhere. Selects a ladies' room in one of the metro stations. When Elsa walks her, she finds her naked, she's raging, but she comes to her sense when she realizes the unfortunate circumstances of this man who has seen better times. They become romantically involved, and Santamarina in one of his trips through street waste finds a child. Elsa, surprised, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina convinces her of the importance of innocent life in their lives, making them their love. <br /> <br /> Ariel, who meets Lauro's exquisite work, begins a bizarre and hard sexual relationship with his beautiful, unknowing person, involved in a lesbian affair. Ariel, who photographed weddings and other occasions by the free lance, senses the passion of Laura, but realizes what Estela sacrificed to help his father and still loves him. Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo Partido", we thought he was great, is doing miracles with this film. After a second review, things are put in the right perspective, and we must apologize for not seeing it for the first time. If this is the case, the second time, the screen shades played by Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres are more meaningful because they reflect the riots of what the country lives in these dark days. Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, collaborated with Mr. Burman from surprising results. It's not a "nice movie star", she's nice. This actor shows a great deal of sincerity in his work. Enrique Pineyro is another magnificent surprise. His Santamarina is disarming. In spite of all the bad things that have fallen on him, he keeps a fresh attitude towards everyone he meets. Stefania Sandrelli, an interesting Italian actress, contributes to the film with her Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of the best Argentine actors, plays a small part of Simon. Amazing Chiara Coselli is perceived as Laura and Melina Petrielli appears as a noble Estela. "Esperando al mesias" proves that Daniel Burman is a voice to be counted in Argentinean cinema.
