One of the best directors Miike Takashi. It's so good that it's hard to put words on. Almost fifteen years older than the target audience was fascinated from start to finish. It reminds similar childhood movies from the eighties in the sense that (unlike today) these films are not afraid of fear - there are a lot of ugly details that I initially found a stir, but soon realized that it was nothing else, before I grew up on. The film is a compilation of children's 80s children's conventions. You say it is there: a young hero who has moved through his own unfortunate / dysfunctional world into another inhabited by mythical and mystical elves; an effort to save both worlds from evil power; the beautiful heroine he has at the bottom; a sadistic henchwoman (Go-Go Yubari of Kill Bill, vol. 1); a leading villain, who draws his evil power from something to whom the world may relate. But all these genre conventions will get fresh spin and added depth. One of the IMDb reviews starts with "Where was the movie when I was little?" and it's sentiment, I wholeheartedly agree. Even when I watched it, I lamented the fact that I did not increase it; that it was not part of a childhood like Labyrinth, Masters of the Universe and, to a lesser extent, Infinite Story. Those movies and others like The Goonies are revoked but never copied - Miike is relentlessly offering us a new take on things. Bad CGI is the basis of many of his films, sometimes because of budget constraints, but only as often as an artistic choice - the desire to present things exceptionally. Here CGI is predominantly average, only because of budget constraints, but it does a fantastic job to look at it. CG effects combine with traditional puppets, animatronics and a truly unique makeup to create a world full of rich characteristics (and characterization) that often bordering on the visionary. This is one of the biggest children's films ever made. However, it is not for younger or more sensitive children. <br /> <br /> Just jaw-droppingly gorgeous. Look at yourself, and if you think your kids can do / appreciate it then they will show them. Let them grow up in the Great Yokai War as a little compensation for the fact that you could not.
