BETWEEN TIME were different types of films. These different films coexisted, although each of them had something else to offer .... It seems that this is probably the first time, but I thought I would point out this during the review because it seems that few people may have forgotten. This is just a funny film of Pavarotti fans. That is all. He does not say there is anything else or something bigger. People who enjoy it as something that did not fulfill the promise do not see the whole picture - literally. After all, Hollywood makes movies all the time that are non-shameful cars for people (Bodyguard or The Wife preacher with Whitney Houston are two examples that spring thinking.) <br /> <br /> First I would like to turn to the film as a vehicle for Pavarotti. There are worse things in this world - and worse movies. Singing is wonderful and arias are fun. The film begins with Schubert's Ave Maria and then with Matinatto Leoncavallo. Pav sings arias from La Gioconda, Manon Lescaut and Turandot, but also sings popular music such as "I Left My Heart in San Francisco" and the song that was nominated for the Oscar and the Golden Globe, "If We Were In Love" by John Williams and lyrics from Alan and Marilyn Bergman - all three previous Oscar winners. The story is not that bad. It was built for Pavarotti, so of course it will not be something that is profound or universally applicable to the average viewer. It's the story of a famous opera singer who was traumatized by a bad night in opera years ago. When asked to sing again at the same place, "MET" in NYC, he loses his voice out of fear. Doctor Pamela (or Pah-MAY-lah in Italian :)) played by Kathryn Harrold - gives him a shot to cure his psychosomatic reaction. She offers her the chance to wake up with her and she reluctantly accepts. They got into the relationship, knew she was getting married and promised she did not love him and think she would be just another woman. In spite of everything, they fall in love (the song "If we were in love") and help her to overcome her fear and return to MET where she triumphs. I'm not going to say how it ends, but it's pretty predictable. This is not always a bad thing. <br /> <br /> The performance in this is not so bad. Pavarotti (who plays Giorgio Fini) is not an actor, so if you expect Spencer Tracy or Tom Hanks to appear, you are deceived, not Pavarotti. He knows he's not a secretary. What she is is cute, charming and charismatic. He enjoys himself, and if you can just have fun, it's not that bad. One funny part is when she tells Pamela (Harrold) that she is a "thirsty plant, Fini can guide you!" and of course he says, "I do not want to be Fini!" Kathryn Harrold is very kind and does a nice job as a long-lived woman who learns to live a bit from this extravagant person. One of my favorite lines in the film is: "Life must never be life-sized." And there's Eddie Albert, who does his usual good job as Fini's manager. There are several "sami" cameras from real conductors, singers, and so on. It is shot at the Metropolitan Opera in Lincoln Center. <br /> <br /> If you like the opera, if you like Pavarotti or if you can just let go and enjoy a "little fling" as well as it suggests in the movie - then you can enjoy this movie for it, what is it. I know I do - always. :) <br /> <br />
