Also known as the Great Spook War. The Great War Yokai is Miike's attempt at family film and damn good work he does as well. The problem is that I can not imagine many parents who want to bring their children to this film. The best children's films are those that are frightening or have slightly disturbing images, Neverending Story and a return to Oz in mind, but in the case of the Great Yokai War, Miike probably takes things a little too far. In fact, I was in the guy who introduced the movie to two families that it was probably not appropriate. The film begins with a young hero of the work he introduced and explained about his current family problems. This short moment of abundance is severely broken when the cow bore a body with the face of a man who screams that something terrible will come to fall as dead as an abomination (it is quite possible that the complete anger of the creature is some bizarre Quato tribute). <br /> <br /> After a stunning performance for the main Badda Kata and his henchwoman Agi (surprisingly attractive Chiaki Kuriyami), using the apocalyptic army of rising. The story will return to normal for a while, but it does not take long before a logic falls down and the young boy joins the Miyazaki group refuses to destroy the evil wizard. <br /> <br /> Recognizing the film is quite basic and surprisingly faded occasionally, the whole chosen seems to be completely out of place in a movie that regularly breaks the cliché but is facilitated by the simple respect of the inspirational vision of the magical world. This is really Miyazaki's film, which is filmed in a live action movie, even though it is much more starved and livelier than the usual Miyazaki movie. The film is simply delighted when we look at Yokai's designs, and largely practical, while evil robotic monstrosity, without displaying the best CGI in the world, have practicality and a threat to them, giving them far more tangible threats than you might have imagined. equally excellent, they just do that their characters look absolutely natural, which is praiseworthy when you think most of them are in full body makeup or latex suits. Even Agi feels an absurd beehive that appears to be sad and deadly with the surprisingly great acting of Kuriya. While the film has many elements that put it firmly into the family movie territory, cute creatures, young heroes, a confidently villainous villain, feelings of misfortune and adventure, and apparent lack of violence. There are elements that challenge you if Miike should direct such a movie. The Robot Army is a truly frightening threat to everyday objects rooted in monstrous animals that look like T-101 skins and added chainsaws. These beasts cut the characters into pieces; cling creatures to their blood-stained mouth, and kidnapping children from their homes by dragging them directly from their parent nose before committing a little patricide. Creating a creature is just as challenging for young brains. Yokai, essentially heroes, is led into a giant furnace full of liquidated forms of hatred that corrodes the Yokai meat and forces their angry souls to have pieces of metal. If the children think Anakin smoldering, it was bad to wait for a male hedgehog to break into a vase of melted hate for a while before turning into the abomination of the motorcycle. There is also a separation of the limbs, in one case the cut off hands are sticking in front of the camera with a drop of blood, a fair amount of sexual energy (Agi wears a dress designed specifically for the fancy service and seems to only sleep with Kato as motivation, while Princess of the Rivers almost nothing, and his thighs hid in a few scenes in a few scenes with a young hero) and the general humor that moves over the heads of those who seem to look like a miraculous technicolor. <br /> <br /> Spoilers An example of this is that Yokai is only interested in the final battle when he thinks it's a big party. The subsequent battle is more about the festival than anything else, complemented by beer, crowd surfing and moshing. Also, the scene where Agi defeats tar from a cute, furry creature appears to be designed to appeal to masses depleted by pokemon excessively. <br /> <br /> End Spoilers At the end of the day, Great Yokai War is easy on Miike's stronger recent movies. While he lacks some perverse spell, say Gozu or Ichi, he constantly pushes the audience along the path of general madness. In fact, it is Miike's most exciting films, because he has given the pure spell of this subject. It's worth a lot of watches just for an occasional flash of Gogo's ass.
