Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy FILM are about virgins who get alive when people are not around. In this adventure, he has to save the kidnapped French doll called Babette from the captain of the pirates. On the way to Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will a new Camel With Wrinkled Knees adviser help them or just slow down the hallucinations of his friends who leave him? How will they escape King Kookoo and his followers! What does their owner Marcella tell her when she sees her birthday birthday birthday on the 7th birthday, along with other toys? Surprising surprises await two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are from 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come alive when he is not a lord. Not just because they go to many different places but are in the imaginary world, so something can happen. To meet new characters, go to different places to find new friends, it's great. The characters work so well in this and who does not like pirates? Cast: 8 - Every character suits their voice so well. Specifically Marlon Brando taffy pit enemy, Greed. The French doll has a very deep French accent, the evil Hitler-esquire king Kookoo (who has a hair similar to Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well and the sad old black male voice for Camel works perfectly. Why is old, dubbed animation much better than new? Music: 10 - There is nothing perfect here. The songs have been in my head for years, and after 20 years I can see it again, I can still remember each of them and now I can know exactly where these melodies come from. Joe Raposo of the glory of "Sesame Street" has done excellent work with songs for this and everyone is singing really well. Edits: 6 - Heh, that's where it will be confusing. I mean, how far does Raggedy go? Many events seem to occur one after another, and it is not known what the other dolls and toys were the way you've never seen them in the real world of the movie, but it goes some way and you know that eventually getting where you need it go, it's pretty hard to watch at times. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I would have to say that I will never forget the parts in both films, no matter how much I try. Especially spooky parts. I've probably mentioned how older films were much more creepy than today's animations, but this one has a cake in a spooky factor. Apart from the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals or good ones, so it's very unique. It's worth it: 8 - It's a classic. It is worthwhile to get a good copy, which is certain, but VHS copies are probably all stretched. The DVD version is sold all the time on Ebay, and it's definitely going to be something you'll look at more than once. If something happens for nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Overall Score (Not Average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless musical instrument that took place in the 70s of the 20th century and you can enjoy it today. His characters are unique and the songs are great. So great that you could bang again and again. Give your favorite stuffed animal today! Insight Reviewer (including bias): It's not like Raggedy Ann's series a decade later. It was a much darker and real world. The effects look like a lot of other 70s cartoons, especially the Yellow Submarine. Still, I give memories that I will never forget, and today I can still influence things. It was not easy to find, but it will be a treasure to keep in your collection of DVDs and videos forever.
