Oh, boy, God bless the 1970s, we got some of the most horrible movies that came out of that decade: Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and Now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: Musical Adventures. This film has to be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I think seriously, this film scared me. My sister had this movie in my VHS collection and I was a little curious about what kind of film they would make out of a doll that came out of a big depression for kids with very little money. What the heck? It's a bit funny how this movie is in the 1970 Toy Story movie, quite a key one, just a thousand times more terrifying, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to get into drug trips for kids. <br /> <br /> Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother Raggedy Andy, and the whole nursery full of colorful toys come alive. On the birthday of Marcella comes the new Babette Babette from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who is not aware of being a doll, but a friendly Raggedy Ann does everything in her power to make Babette feel at home. However, Pirate Captain Contagious is abducting her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set off to try to save her before Marcella appeared. Babette is gone. In a world outside the kindergarten, two meet Camel with wrinkled knees, a blue camel toy that was rejected by past owners and is now broken and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy set off on Camel, he begins to watch his hallucinations and, without looking, runs over the edge of the cliff into a deep pit. In this hole, they meet Greedy, a huge chewed tafa that is constantly and never full. Raggedys and Camel are running away that they are consumed by the Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? and trust me to be more curious from that moment. While this movie was certainly disturbing and I wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a lot of the movie, it was really quite creative. The day we had a hand-drawn animation that made films more personally and that writers and animators have put their heart into it, you can say they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: Music adventure. It certainly was not the worst movie I've ever seen, I just do not know who recommended it. How frightened, I have to admit that I'm glad to watch it, sometimes you need "WTF?" movie to spice up my choice, believe me when I say Raggedy Ann has no problem doing it with me. It's official that the doll is just scary, so we say, there's a huge caramel river that eats everything, a king who has an ever-growing voice when he laughs, a bizarre thing that degrades Raggedy Ann and her brother strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a couple of naked dolls who forever chase their dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
