He took a few glances to really wrap around this one, but for me Slia Kali is one of the horrible summits 00 and, as far as independent horrors are concerned, he is a true masterpiece. The horror of anthology is the story of the fictitious group of the Taylor-Eriksson Group, a cult in India, whose members went to seek perfect self-awareness and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results reflecting years. With the bookend segments in India, the film is made up of three stories located in Germany illustrating the consequences of the Taylor-Eriksson group's work, with occasional ugly ghosts. It's an interesting arrangement because these things are going, but what divides this movie is the way the slides are so carefully set up to develop horror films. Bad things have been omitted, and the general course of the film is a look at how search for self-seeking and ultimate therapies brings fear to patients, healers and other horror, and the film is filled with intelligent visual traces of the power of the dark forces it deals with, dark forces unbounded by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this can be found especially in the first story, which deals with a journalist who talks to a lady in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson and his ugly (lazy?) Eye, we see him also heal or at least pacify the patient. The mistress of the first story is seen in the same stance as Eriksson's healing colleague, also when she covers the art class cloth that runs between her fellow citizens, one of their paintings is seen, a lazy face like Erikssons. There are also links to people in minor roles, accessories and walks have a special sensory perception of what is happening in the movie, showing the illusion that has been unleashed spread and able to almost infect others. The film is more philosophical than evil, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption that is tied in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be just exploitation but has more relationships to true faith than could be expected (at least from the research I made on Wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves some significant credit for his film-making skills. As well as being thoughtful, the film is quite frosty, too, the soundtrack from Bharti India and Panama John has a great mysterious piano jingle and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister physician and Cora Chilcot as a special man especially good. The third story also has a gentle turn from veteran Mathieu Carrière as a healer of faith. The biggest problem with the film is that it's not a lot of time, so the fear potential is lost, but these and a few other performances are quite good. So the film is not as fascinating as it might be that it is a casual and also a step, but especially I thought it was pretty great if it was a shadow that would not be possible. It's good to look for adventure horror fans, I think.
