Where was the movie when I was a kid? After the breakdown of his parents, Tadashi moves with his mother to live with her grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with her father and often speaks on the phone. Grandfather is just "here" every third day. Mommy never really home. Children always choose a poor child. During the village festival, Tadashi is voted "a kirinian rider" or a spiritual champion of peace and justice. He rarely believes he will soon have to enter the role of a hero while the forces of darkness combine with the wrath of things that have been thrown out in a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. was an easy part. Now comes a hard part and tries to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie for kids. No, that's a great movie, bad (very bad?), But great movie however. It evolves like all the great books you loved as a child, and it is just as dense as Tadashi tries to find the strength to become a hero. I watched I read a great book, and I thought how it might be if it was a book. I loved the film not following a normal path. Things often become out of chance or bad communication, one character sucks into events simply because his leg is asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that seem to be non-sequential and are all the more charming (which is a typical Miike). It's definitely a Takashi Miike movie. This Japanese filmmaker is clearly responsible for the film that often touches, scary and entertaining everything at the same time. Nobody else but Miike understands that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly twist how things have gone for one second and then others are upset. I admire the fact that Miike made a film that is bleak and hopeful, it is not shy of scary, I mean, really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in Harry Potter movies, but rarely it is. This is the dark story of Grimms with humor. My first reaction to seeing the opening picture was that I could not believe that someone would play a children's film with a picture of the end of the world, then I realized who was shooting the film. Miike hats for making a movie that knows kids can handle scary images. It also acts on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that make the bad guys are made from the discarded mankind's waste. His fury of being thrown out, which drives the monsters. One of the Yokai speaks of how brown sneakers have been thrown off because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown. You also have one of the good people who refuse to join the fallen people because it will be a human thing. It's a wild concept but just like other things that float around what's raising this film to a different level. (there are a number of riffs and links to other films, TV shows, and novels that make me wonder why this movie is meant because kids do not have to understand, though many parents will be) And of course there are monsters. It runs gamut from cheese to spectacular, with stops everywhere. Frankly, you must forgive the inequalities of their creation simply because there must be hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. His journey is cool and working. One of the main characters is Yokai, who I think is best described as a tuna hunter and often played with a stuffy animal, looks silly and yet you'll be scolding a little fool and loving each and every moment he's headed to Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen old woodcuts of strange Japanese monsters), mentioned shortcomings and there are several. The effects are uneven, some sudden speeds are a bit strange (though understandable) and a few other tiny things that fade after watching the film after two hours. None of them really hurt the movie, but most of them will somehow keep you from full satisfaction with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm sure if I saw it as a child, it would be my favorite film of all time. (where is the English oak?) Check out this movie. It's a great way. (In addition to its good introduction to Miike films minus blood and graphic sex)
