I first heard about TEARS OF KALI and it sounded like something I could get, but with all the movies I regularly came it was my radar. While roaming around the local WonderBook ... I saw this box and grabbed it. I have to say I'm quite happy to have done that. TEARS OF KALI is a strange, horrifying, sometimes ghostly film that is somewhat limited by the apparently low budget - but it's still a fun and useful watch. TEARS OF KALI focuses on a fictitious Indian Cult Group of Taylor-Erikkson, who practices meditation and other rituals in search of the face and expel the inner demons of an individual - but these techniques seem to work either too well or not well (depending on your view ...) as dark forces are not only exorcised, but also unleashed to unfortunate victims. The film is said to be an "anthological style," with a short but unforgettable and "eye-opening" introduction to the sequence, and then continues into three stories that make up the main part of the film. The first (SHAKTI) is a journalist who visits one of the cult members, which is held in a psychiatric hospital. The journalist is on the pretense of wanting to explore the cult of Taylor-Erikkson, but we can see that her real motives may come a little near home. When the conversation turns violently, the journalist discovers that she was overhead ... The second part (Devi) concerns a violent young man who is sentenced to a psychological rehab of jail for killing a young man in a coma. We found out that the attending physician is in fact a "graduate" of Taylor-Erikkson, and his rehabilitation methods are far from normal ... KALI turns around the "healer" cramps and his assistant who perform "miracles" for a fee. When the healer unconsciously helps one of her clients and actually avoids the power she possessed, the demon is now free to roam and look for a new host ... I have to say that I really enjoyed TEARS OF KALI There are some mistakes with movies, but it's an original and ambitious movie for what it is, and my biggest problem with production is a poor and uninformed dialogue that's overwhelming. "Dabing is a sub, and I'd prefer to have subtitles with Some reviewers have said that acting is bad, with which I do not necessarily agree with it. I think the dubbing is so opaque that d lá performances seem twisted, which is not really the case. In fact, some of the performances pretty damn cool ( "doctor" in the second segment and the "client" in the third case came to my mind ...) and remarkable. Gore FX are very well made for low budget film, with some graphic scenes for eyelid scissors - over the cuticle, suicide pencil in the neck, for some decent (but irritably "restless") self-defeating, and some good good throws. Not as crude as some of the "more extreme" gore films out there, but certainly stronger than your average horror fare. I also found the story of the cult group an interesting and welcome change in the typical throaty story of nonsense. There are lots of scenes with a real atmosphere and tension that I did not recognize. Although in some basic directions I miss, I still think TEARS OF KALI will appeal to most of the "underground" horror audiences - some scenes can prove too much to the viewer who is the mainstream. Definitely recommended - 8.5 / 10
