Although the melodrama is in the middle or rather at the bottom of this film, the story is beautifully and gently narrated, and acting is excellent. Yaara, who studies in Princeton, returns to his native Israel. the funeral of her oldest and dearest girlfriend, Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with her parents as a friend after her own mother's death, she lost her adoptive sister. And because Yaara, blind from birth, was led and guarded by Talia, her suicide friend is as unbearable as to be inexplicable. Invisibly, a blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although he has no insight into sight. Though he does not see, he can find out what is beyond sight than the "normal" people around her. The film is becoming an absorbing mystery because Yaara lays out traces of memories of her relationship with Thalia, the house of the adoptive family, the bands, the diaries, and the people in the past and present of Thalia. from the point of view of the film is also seen from her perspective because it shows what she hears, believes and presents. The solution to the mystery is rather conventional, but the search is done with such delicate care and responses so beautifully and without a fanfare that the moment is forgiven easily. The truths appear gradually and inexorably, and they explain not only the life of Talia but also its relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, uses her mobile face and voice effectively, and she is absolutely credible as an adult and teenage girl. We fully accept her ability by bringing the end of the film to a place in the world with greater certainty. <br /> <br /> Noteworthy is the accuracy that places and actions repeat with small but significant variations that are never boring, dead - talking about side characters and interesting decisions to represent Talia just as a teenager. I will be angry with Yaara's final declaration as stalls with Gadi, Talia's last friend at a cliff on the cliff, but this trip to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight longer than her words will be remembered.
