Yesterday she was on TV, so I decided to check it out. It was one of the latest DTV projects by Bruce Timm / Paul Dini in connection with their old Batman animated series from 1992 after Jeff Matsuda appeared and re-introduced Batman with the new Batman series, but the story of this new Batman Movie Center around the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, however, Batman feels the need to stop her due to her extreme method, and also in the meantime take off The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, both secretly working with Carlton Duquesne (who has family troubles) and another villain (which is later revealed in the movie) about smuggling operations, they also gave bounty to Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that there may be more than one? It is up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the last Penguin operation. For an animated film it has a rather complicated fence and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was the complete redesign of Penguin, which looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we are used to seeing in a comic book, unlike its previous designs borrowed from the Pengia Tim Burton features (diving rat and circus rage). Even if the movie contains a love subplot it never carried it far and is not derailing a movie like saying Batman forever. Musical acting is a standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm), Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, even if it runs for a very short 80 minutes, it can do a pretty good (and complicated) plot complete with a few twists and a lot of action. There are a few parties, but Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not cry like a couple, although they're only referenced, Tim Drake (aka Robin) is doing very little and honest, I've never been a big fan of Paul Dini's and Bruce Timm's Batman character (especially in their Batman show post-BTAS), this new adventure of Batman and Robin, well, in turn, makes Batman look thick but rather well built up (somewhat like the Jeff Matsuda model from The Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a little clumsy, her blue eyes make him like Clark Kent and Bruce (although it's true they look very similar). Another drawback is Rupert Throne (no explanation of why he is in this deal, but it's safe to say he has goons and what is a cut by agreement), which makes just a little more than sleep with Penguin, or he himself hurts every time he showed on someone's weapon (count how many times it will happen in the movie and you'll be surprised.) Overall good animated film Batman, which is worth the rent at least.
