THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILS: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB is currently working on the Justice League, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video book. Why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm complements the first 70 episodes of Batman: Animated Series and SubZero Compliments 15 episodes of Batman and Robin adventures, then the Batman mysteries compliments the last 24 episodes of Gotham Knights version of Batman. Kevin Conroy returns a voice over performance that is nothing but perfection and perfection. I admit I was a little bit unhappy when I heard of Batwoman and all I could think about was the old 50 years of Batman comics. But I was thrown off by the Batwoman character, her look, the costume (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to create a costume for Batman Beyond), and the fact that this movie still thinks who the Batwoman is all the way. If you want to know who the Batwoman is, then buy or hire a DVD. Barbara Gordon appears in the form of a portrait, and I think the writers were trying to point out that Bruce and Barbara are doing something about each other as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and sad, there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson's alias Nightwing, which leads me to think that he has settled in Bludhaven (his comic town). /> <br /> Of the three Batwoman suspects, my favorite Kathy Duquesne, who looks terribly like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. As for the villains, I'm glad Penguin is one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not sound right. The same applies to Robin. The new guy did that right, but just as I was getting used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who votes Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of Joker in the series "The Batman". Finally, we see how Rupert Thorne looks better because he did not show up in the episodes of Gotham Knights. Late John Vernon will be missing. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as the voice of Bana, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they used Two Face, Riddler or a scary new version of a scarecrow. The musical score and the particularly fine sound intro were excellent. I wish it was on the soundtrack, and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg lounge along with her Betcha Neva song. While some feel that this film is weaker than Mask of Phantasm and Subzero, I think it is as strong and enjoyable as the others, and as I said, it is a feature film based on Gotham Knights Batman, which I think gives a good balance . I would at least recommend renting this DVD first before buying for those who could be lers out of this movie but personally it is worth buying. I give the secret of Batwoman 9.
