To begin with, I was always a fan of Batman cartoons, because the theme is so universal, "that everyone alive has an alter-ego." That's true in Mystery of Batwoman. While the whole story is good, I'm disappointed that they did not really do much about this. <br /> <br /> In the whole movie, trying to find out who is Batwoman, unfortunately you can find out by easily viewing the credits posted on this site (so if you have not seen them, you will not go there). I was a little disappointed that the movies did not do much longer. 75 minutes is too short for a movie. The secret identity of Batwoman also comes too early in the movie, as if in the middle, and then becomes anticlimatic because you know that good guys will always win and that a new figure known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie ends. <br /> <br /> I'm also not sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I like elegant new characters, but there should be some details where detail is required. Some parts of the animation look so clumsy and solid that they instantly capture your attention and divert attention from happening. I also really did not like the bright atmosphere I use in most scenes, losing a dark and gothic feeling, which is Batman. Similarly, we should learn more about Batwoman's personalities so that we can create the same deep sympathetic feeling as we do with Bruce Wayne. I also think fighting with Bate should be better. In a typical child's fashion, a bad person encounters the extinction too easily, either by shutting down, dropping, or doing something silly working against them. Think about the fact that there was not one drop of blood in this movie. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, its a good fun movie, and I recommend to everyone who is a fan of Batman to look at it. It has a good story, universal attraction and even great acting. I just wish they were able to deliver lasting changes to the story by keeping Batwoman to make matters more interesting. Not only will she introduce her, but then kick it off as soon as it ends. I would also like to see someone else discover the secret of change at last. If you want something other than Batman to solve the mystery and later to add details. I hope there will be more animated films and we are looking forward to seeing the division between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He was in contact with her forever, and she did not like her, and I can not believe she is stupid enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time Tim Drake leaves because he cares about the old man. In a nutshell, I want to see all the things that lead characters where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same repeating pattern will end faster than if they decide to continue the story. <br /> <br />
