It starts with a few principles on the stage in Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is a driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, while his girlfriend Pearl is an exception. He then refers to the embarrassed version of the Bible story of Samson, which justifies his holding long beards against the wishes of Pearl who is a city barber, as well as anyone who claims that if everyone followed his example, he would be out of business. This point returns to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby appears to be annoyance to some reviewers, but it is a plus for this. It's a bad thing he was not in any of the better westerns Randphata Scott to help rid Randy's usual sense of irony. Also on this scene are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, Celia Wallace) to meet and a little girl (Myrtle) who soon becomes a hero when he rescues her (Randy) is a stubborn uncle John Armin (George Cleveland), who basically runs the city. Randy soon learns that his uncle, and by himself, is not very popular among cities. But he quickly creates a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that Uncle John is responsible for the scene of his business rival Celia Wallace and his murders, he asks for Uncle John to return the money and decides to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russella Hayden). for Uncle John. <br /> <br /> When his prospects rise, Uncle John decides to set up an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) at Wallace's office to inform him when he delivers ore from the mines to the city to sabotage his run . When it does not work, she resorts to the draconian tactics of supporting her dungeon with her own office for which Randy is blamed. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was at Letty's apartment, who met her with suggestive evidence that she was postponing her uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify he was in the apartment when a fire was discovered. It's him and Letty in a canine house with Celia (his obvious beau) and Ted (who hopes to woo Letty). This report also ends with John Uncle's trust in Letty as an informant and suggests that he leave the city. Instead, he switches his hips and tells the Wallachians why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John is once again trying to sabotage his run, and if it does not succeed, there is a general firefight in the city. You can estimate the results. The plot is well built and executed, with complicated relationships between the principle and the various obstacles that Randy could overcome, sometimes with the help of his co-workers. At least Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the opportunity to avoid assassination, but arrogantly believed that the woman would not have the courage to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy single women, as well as the little Myrtle, helped to lighten the tense atmosphere in this survival battle, as Uncle John said. It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets a top female bill over Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara was much more limited at the time of the camera. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on Lassie's TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him as a bad control villain. Creativity CourseLourroom: You can find life here. This leaves him with little option for living in the wild west. Without an obvious family who helped him with support (except Randy), he can not allow some young men to fight him out of the city's most profitable business. On the other hand, from the interviews, he probably reached his position as the "boss" of the city before becoming a wheelchair.
