Randolph Scott heads to Albuquerque to work with his uncle. However, on the way there, the podium is lifted - even though they carry the road. However, a pretty lady on board hids for her and her brother-in-law $ 10,000 ... and it seems the robbers know it. One day in Scott, this uncle's about work. But he soon learns that this uncle is a blockbuster - a typical villain from the west. You know, a rich man who wants to be richer by cheating and stealing and threatening until he has everything. And so it happened that this fool was a robbery. Scott demands that his uncle return the money, and then Scott enters a shop with a nice lady and her brother. It is no surprise that this is not the end of the problems - just the beginning. Again and again, there are intrigue of different types trying to crush the uncle's resentment. One trick is to bring a nice lady to join Scott and his partners. It's a cracked shot and Scott's looking bad - until he realizes why he's coming to town. Unlike most later Randolph Scott films, this shows Scott as a bit harder man. Too often in his films he is the last to suggest violence, but he quickly suggests lynching in this film (try the law, let's hang up) and later threatens his uncle. What a surprise he considers to be such a hot head - though it's mostly other ways, it's the old Scott what you'd expect. As for the movie, there is nothing unusual about it. Gabby Hayes plays the usual character, Scott is a hero, Baddie can not be reasoned and eventually destroyed and Scott gets a girl. In spite of this very typical conspiracy, everything is treated very well and, as a result, time is worthwhile. <br /> <br /> By the way, there are two weird scenes in the movie. First, there's a backbone fight between Scott and Uncle 1, Lon Chaney, Jr. Chaney smokes when he's fighting - something I've never seen before, and I admire how he could thrash when he did to kick. Secondly, you get the load of this scenic trolley scene with the whip - now it was one impossible performance!
