According to The Last of the Cowboy Heroes, Joel McCrea, Audie Murphy and Randolph Scott, the author says Albuquerque was the only film he did not personally evaluate because he claimed to be lost. It has not been seen in years. <br /> <br /> It's a good thing for Western fans that somebody at Paramount was doing some spring cleaning, because obviously a print came out and is now in the open market. Albuquerque is also fairly good Western with the fact that Scott is involved in a family struggle with his uncle George Cleveland. George Cleveland sends to his nephew Randolph Scott with the intention of making him part of his freight transport, headquartered in the rapidly growing Albuquerque settlement. Cleveland is more than just a businessman, he is the city's chief driving from a wheelchair. She even has a sheriff in her pocket. <br /> <br /> Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing. This does not include the affinity of relatives when they are criminals. He will work for his opponent's squad led by brother and sister Russell Hayden and Catherine Craig. Cleveland is full of all sorts of tricks, and even sends Mata Hari to Western Barbara Britton to win the trust of his rivals. Barbara is great as home-made puss vixen, who develops her own agenda. The original home studio of Randolph Scott was Paramount, where his first studio contract was. Albuquerque has labeled the last film he ever made for Paramount and gave him good. Note also Lon Chaney, Jr., who is the main henchman of George Cleveland, a rather disgusting fat man, and Gabby Hayes, who is just Gabby Hayes. <br /> <br /> Albuquerque had to be a popular republican nationwide in 1948 with his main villain as the city's chief of the wheelchair. A certain Democrat from the wheelchair has made them for four equal presidential elections and was gone. They had a high chance of winning the White House this year, but things got worse and they had to make up for the boss ersatz getting his way to Albuquerque. I'm not sure why Cleveland was on a wheelchair because it was nothing in the conspiracy. My guess is that he was injured and played such a role because he had to. Albuquerque still had a great attraction on the GOP market.
