Robert Culp (they call their "Doctor" character ... I think he's a vet or something) and the family moves into a rich, low-floor, forcibly pushing suburb. Lancer-jawed Culp and his dog are almost murdered when some local idiot neighboring children lean and "swim" through their front yard at a speed of 60 km / h. It squeezes the accusations that raise the face of children, and suddenly his and his family become victims of violent and disturbing joking campaigns. Marilyn Manson, rather Marlyn Mason, rather plays his ungrateful, cooked who urges him not to use violence against his shocking nemes and who really wants to move somewhere with decent public services. However, the system never gets dirty and does not leave home for some punk kids and their crazy rock and rock music. And we all know what the filmmakers are doing when the system fails ... (but it's based on a true story that's even better). It should be noted that while villains hooligans have comfortable 70s functional music that warns us when they are not good, this movie will actually end up with the treatment of age boundaries (indeed!). It does not make it a big generation thing. Kudos za to. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you love dogs (or at least believe in protecting your civil rights like me) and you love justice and you love fire and you like justice for dogs the way of fire and you think people who nervously skeet out of troubled communities are "too damn soft," then this flick's ethos is in your alley. No, it is not really "good", at least not in any broadly accepted sense of the word. There is nothing subtle, understated or smart, it's just such a long PSA for vigilance. But it captures the feeling of unforgettable scenes in other, beloved works. Do you remember that Frank Miller's The Dark Knight returns when Batman leads Mutants on horseback to get Gotham City? Do you remember the scene in the Christmas story where the baby is kneeling? Do you remember how great it was? Or does he really hate you when your neighbors look at fun? Yeah, mon. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this was a 1973 movie that I made for a TV show I just got at my local WB branch for 4 hours and probably is not meant to release a DVD. But after you were inspired by this movie, do you think I just sit here and take it !?
