The cooling glacier inside the cavernous ice mountain conveys its three characters, which conceal an endless wet slip that has enough kick to dazzle the kids in the same way that a mature audience can be dazzled by a stargun sequence that closes 2001: Space Odyssey. Mile in sight, but it's a scene with great rush and excitement. A spectacular launch sequence is also taking place where the hairy, furry squirrel tries to hide a precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in a trailer, but as it happens, the domino effect will start when the mountain starts cracking and the result is an avalanche. Horror simply goes on when the creature tries to overcome the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film deals with two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and decorative laziness (John Leguizamo) when trying to migrate to the south. They find the human child they receive, and then choose to watch their parents return to them. They are joined by a saber tiger, named Diego (Denis Leary), whose predilection is to bring the child to his Tiger clan by driving mammoths and laziness into a trap. Diego's family that eats meat wants the mammoth the most, but Diego's learned friendship values ​​make it easy what kind of choice we will eventually make at the end. <br /> <br /> There are fatalistic natural hazards of the world after a trip, including the erupted volcano and the glacier bridge, which threatens to melt immediately reminds of Castle Shrek Castle. Characters think about why they are in the ice age, as they might call "Big Chill" or "Nippy Era". Some characters want the upcoming global warming. Another great line about mating problems among friends: "All the great boys are never in the neighborhood, they're sensible." The order of mass excursions, moody comedy, and light-touch adventures make this very easy to follow. Also, food is so rare for nice vegetarians who consider dandelions and pine cones to be "good food". <br /> <br /> The vocal talent of Romano, Leguizam and Leary helps their personalities, while children will be pleased with their anger, adults will make up their riffs with their own talent. There is some mild violence and intense content, but kids will be jazz excited and get one of their early performances of the Battle of Good versus Evil, and family traditions and friendships are strong thematic links. Animators also generously use the backdrop of the landscape, which is cool fantastic. <br /> <br />
