"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and first released in 2002. We are acquainted with the main characters: the Scratch squirrel (expressed by Chris Wedge, A NOTE: The sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom's Tom and Jerry cartoons), a wool mammoth named Manny Ray Romano from "Everybody Loves Raymond," a skull named Sid (expressed by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE") and a sabery toothy tiger named Diego (expressed by Pixar's "A Bug's Life" by Denis Leary). /> <br /> The film opens with Scratem, who tried to bury his acorn, and immediately he made an avalanche. Then we see a herd that is going south for the upcoming Ice Age (except for Manny who goes in the opposite direction looking for other mammoths that looked like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and sees that his family has left him. He then pays the toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, Sylvia chases him (expressed by Kirsten Johnston of "3 Rock from the Sun"), a female orange swan who wants to migrate with Sid. Sid eventually joined Manny and became friends. Meanwhile, near the human tribe, Soto (expressed by Goran Visnjic), the poor saber teeth the tiger, wants to avenge the tribe leaders for wiping out half of their pack just by walking his son, Roshan, from him. Morning, they, Diego and Soto followers, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (expressed by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (expressed by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife escaped Roshan and gave him Manny and Sidu to take care of it . Eventually Diego joined them and went on a journey to return Roshan back to his tribe, who was also looking for him. Relax and look at the rest of the movie and find out, right? In addition to Manny, Sida, Diega, Scrata, Sylvie, and Roshana, including supporting characters including a packet of wolves using Roshan's trunk, not to mention the thick female purple lace named Jennifer (expressed by Jane Krakowski) and the poor female yellow favor named Rachel (expressed by Lorri Bagley ) to which Sid will show them Roshan to release themselves in the tar hole. By the way, two rhinoceros, Carl (as expressed by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI "Madagascar") and Frank (expressed by Stephen Root from Pixar "Finding Nemo") who are behind Sid, destroyed food and built Manny on the cliff are simple little characters . The same applies to dodos who use melons as food. <br /> <br /> Gags in this movie are very fun. For example, Manny speaks through a tribe and says, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel get out of a drinking pack, Sid Jennifer asks. "What do you say when we jump into the genofond and see what happens?" Jennifer then answers, "What do you say if you go to TAR PIT?" Rachel also kicks Sid to his waist. Sylvia sees that Diego holds Sid at his neck with his teeth, then asks Sid if he chokes his breath, tells Diego to eat him and immediately leave. Because "Ice Age" is not only a sequel: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown," which was released in 2006 and the second was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" to be published next year. I can hardly wait to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be.
