The performance of Lily Mars may have provided Judy Garland with one of her simplest roles she had at MGM, because Lily Mars is definitely a character she could identify with. A young girl with enough talent for ten knows she has what it takes to be in the theater, no matter how much Van Heflin produces her home town. one as a girl decided to be in the theater. Because it's Judy Garland with the talent of Judy Garland, you know she has the right stuff, even though Van Heflin will have almost the entire movie convinced. Judy and Heflin come from the same town, Heflin's father was an urban doctor who sent him and Heflin when he could move and become a big producer on Broadway, their respective moms, Fay Bainter and Spring Byington, stayed in touch. This is her entree, but Heflin is constantly blocked by the girls, but she never likes Lily Mars anymore. No real big hits were from the performance of Lily Mars for Garland, though she sings all her numbers. Best in the movie is the revival of chestnut, each small movement has its own meaning. Judy sings her with Connie Gilchrist, who plays a cleaning lady at the Broadway Theater where Heflin's show takes place. Gilchrist was a star in the days of FloraDora Girls, and she and Judy delivered a great style together with Connie. It's the best scene in the movie, because Gilchrist encourages Judy to hold on to it. Composer Karl Hoschna died long ago, but the writer Otto Harbach was still alive and I bet he liked what he heard. European music star Marta Eggerth is in Lily Mars' performance as a star show who is first confused, then angry and eventually, understanding Garland and Heflin. She made several films with MGM and then returned to Europe for further work on the continent. I bet MGM did not know what to do with her and her dense Hungarian accent, although Louis B. Mayer never met a soprano he did not like. Van Heflin is a well-trained patient producer who puts a lot of weight with Garland and Eggerth. Heflin just came out of the Oscar for Johnny Eagher in the previous year, and he and Garland would not seem to be the ideal team of the screen, but they are not bad together. Presentation of Lily Mars is a good showcase for Judy Garland's talents. And she did not have to share the screen in another backstage movie with Mickey Rooney.
