I first rented the movie many years ago, and it was totally enchanted. Just recently, I feel a strange need to rethink one of the ways - too few films I've enjoyed enormously during my life, I've decided to give Erendiers another look. And I'm glad I did it, because I soon found out that even the passage of time in the least did not break the shine of this film. The story is about a teenage girl (Erendira, played remarkably by Claudia O'Hana - in some ways reminds Winon Ryder!), Who accidentally burns her grandmother's home, where her grandmother, played hypnotically by Irene Papas, forced a girl into prostitution on the way to damages . <br /> <br /> Browsing is also fascinating and convincing - though, despite the basic preconception that deals with prostitution, it is a tasteless, inexplicable, gratuitous, in love sex content. The story focuses more on the interaction between the girl and her grandmother and the various other colorful characters they come to their stay - which is incidentally in the harsh and fallen parts of rural Mexico. > <br /> The film is very atmospheric, remarkably mysterious, with a decided dreamlike quality. Sometimes it bordering on the bizarre, but not the case, for example, David Lynch's film. It is also worth mentioning that the film has a very allegorical character, reads comments from previous viewers below ... <br /> <br /> Often in the background you hear the sounds of lonely accordion, silence and melancholy, the right musical accents that emphasize Mexican environment. Cinematography of rural sites, many of which are in the desert, is quite excellent. The film moves at a nice pace, not too fast or too slow, and after every scene I felt like I had to rewind the tape and play it again just because it does that you want to do. For me, it's really so convincing. Let's hope you see the movie in your Spanish language version with subtitles. I studied Spanish at high school and college and I'm glad I can understand most of the dialogue. Understanding: "El mundo no es tan grande como pensaba." ("The world is not as big as I thought" - that is, it's a small world.) This film reminds me that I came across a dusty old bottle of wine that is extremely satisfying after drinking, but you are left with some sadness, when you realized there were not more bottles like this one.
