I've seen Slaughter High several times, and I've always found it to be a nice slasher moves with a strange sense of humor, but I never knew it was shot in the UK and I never knew that an actor starring Martha Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film was released. I think I noticed when I watched last night that actors' phrases are somewhat strange for Americans, and several of them are not very good when they hide English accents. is the story of a class fool, Marty, who is the ass of jokes from his classmates, and on a single day, the April Crazy Day, is attracted to the girl's dressing room once by Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and humiliated a great time for the film. Of course, the trainer captures the gang at work, and everyone gets a vigorous training that punishes them, but not before some guys slip Marty into a joint trying to smoke in a chemistry lab but is full of something that makes him sick and when he goes into the toilet, one of his classmates slips in and puts a chemical that reacts to something that Marty mixes, resulting in fire and leakage of a nitric acid bottle that leaves poor Marty burned and severely scarred. Ten years later, the same gang is striving for a classroom gathering on the good old Doddsville High, which seems strangely decorated and inaccessible, but thanks to the ingenuity they manage to get in and find a place seemingly deserted ... except that there is a room, where a banquet and alcohol are organized, so of course to eat, drink and be cheerful. Soon they will, of course, die. Of course, the gang will go with a figure in a Shask's mask, but can it be Marty? They do not know that they think they are either in a lot or working for IBM, they are not sure. But who it is, makes them a quick job. Especially ugly is the girl who swam with blood from one of her classmates whose hair appeared after her when she drank the beer poisoned. She is the victim of an acid bath, which in my opinion could be one of the parts originally cut in the tape version, because this time it seemed to be a bit worse. I could have been wrong, but I believe it was not on the tape. In any case, there is a little bit of an ending, and it also contains shots that are not on tape, I believe. At first there is a bit of nudity in front, but I also really did not notice if there are any more pieces on this uncut version, probably, but it's the time I've seen her for the last time. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you are a fan of the 80s slasher movies, click on the new DVD release because it is a fun little slasher with a good atmosphere and feel it. 7 out of 10.
