Slaughter High begins as at any other day at Doddsville County High School, where the miniseries, Carol Manning (Caroline Munro), cheat resident Ratzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the cabinets for girls to tell him to strip off in the shower. Carol's gang comrades come and give him a nudity of Marty's big surprise when they shoot him while he's holding a girl's toilet in his head in an oak crazy joke. The Marc Smith School of Sports trained Marcy Smith to punish a gang who rather cruelly blames Marty, deciding on another trick on him only this time when things are lost and Marty is caught in the explosion and has nitric acid wet over his face. A few years later, and all the gangs are invited to a class meeting in a just-closed school, they all come to see that they are the only ones. Everyone is back inside, where they learn quickly that they are not the only ones where Marty is back and revenge on his mind ... Originally he was shot under the name April Fool's Day, which probably changed because of another movie called "April Fool's Day "(1986), which this time produced by American English, is unusual by having three writers and directors written by George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never seeing the film with the three credited director I saw two a week, another is Jean-Claude Van Damme flick Kickboxer (1989) and I must say that I really liked Slaughter High, though he seems to have a very bad reputation. One of the things I like in the script is that it's a clean, unrealized movie slasher, it does not try to be anything else, and just adopts the rules of genres, short additions and cries and plays them. Basically, it brings what she promises, murderous murderer, blood, breasts and grandmothers. I thought the character was okay, the story was fine, even though it's just an excuse to get the teenager load in an isolated place, so some assassin might hit them, and at the same time I liked it, something that Slaughter High gets a lot of snowflakes . The first half starts a bit slow, but the other half moves in proportion to the nodes, as it is another cruel killing. Some situations and character responses do not make sense, but the same thing can be said about any movie ever shot, so who complains? Over three of the award-winning director Slaughter High has shown a good deal, the film is a lot. A separate school that was built on a truly atmospheric site looked good, the creators also fit a good storm and there's a nice photo especially at the end where there are many impressive uninterrupted long-lasting stedicam viewing shots that follow Carol across the various corridors of the dilapidated school. Although it is not particularly stylish, it certainly looks pretty nice and is professionally made. There is some good gore here, including burned bodies, acid-melt people, impalings, stomach blasts, facial axes and the death of the mower, as well as someone drowning in fecal matter in sewers! Special effects are also better than expected, so I was overwhelmed and satisfied with what was higher than expected. Technically, the movie is better than I expected and surpasses most of the low budget guts that are now published, I think it's a relatively low budget. It is supposed that in America it was very obviously shot in England. Harry Manfredini makes another score that sounds exactly like all his other musical results and is essentially the same as the 13th of Friday (1980), and it's a sequel. Everyone who lives here in the UK is likely to recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular at the Emmerdale farm (one of our best rated nations) playing Terry Woods! While most horror fans recognize sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role view. Legendary producer Dick Randall has done Slaughter High in the movie and actually appears as a porn movie producer ... he's talking about typcasting! You can also see a poster for poorly understood brilliance by Pieces (1982), which he also produced behind his office. Slaughter High is a movie slasher I liked a lot, did you see it? I did not say it was great that I actually said I liked it on a personal level, and I'm sure the predictable conspiracy and lack of a story is likely to do a lot, so I can not recommend it, but I can say I liked it, do what you want. Be sure to watch an intact version if you ever decide to look at it. If you're not a fan of the slasher swing genre, then Slaughter High will not change your idea, but if you're looking for a simple and effective slash, then you could do much worse than that.
