God will bless 80 years of movies. It's a fun and entertaining movie. These are slasher movies. Now I'm not saying horror films, just Slasher movies. It looks like this: all these silly jockeys and cheerleaders are choosing a college, and then one of their pranks goes terribly wrong. Disgusted and back for revenge, the sporty Joker / Jester Mask (quite spooky looking, I might add) Marty begins to kill these adolescents one after the other many years later after they can believe that their old abandoned high school is unification. Is that basically a conspiracy? What's wrong with that? This is the beauty of the 80s slasher films, most of which I would say. A lot of things could be so ridiculous, but they're still drawing you more and more when they're passing. Especially this movie. These are some of the violent killings and some are quite creative. (poisoning of beer, sour bath, I can not remember the spear that was ever used before in any other Slasher movie). It's a really fun, fun movie. That is all. Do not forget that the characters are total idiots, do not mind stupidity, and do not mind how unfortunate, random things appear in this movie. Just like the lights that can be controlled by a killer (when you do not even turn on some buttons, you will see) and the toilets are able to extinguish the blood from which the acids that they use only as part of their fun can be excluded! Because this is fun. <br /> <br /> Movies like this are 80. slashers. Never again such movies could not get you, you know why? This is not the 1980s. That's why you should enjoy them for what they are, good fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a fan of Slahsers as a tough Friday, like 13th Friday. One of the last films is also this film, which also had Marty Rantzen. Distorted, a nerd who kills all his old enemies in the haunted Jester Mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after Slaughter High was released. This in itself adds something to the movie to a scary one and sticks to it, and it even feels sorry for Marty's character, I think. Overall, it's great fun! It is a shame that it will never be the same ...
