Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who can represent art from the smallest "artistic" objects. Everyday items such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - things that most of us perceive to be the most effective and rejecting without aesthetic merit - are instead converted to beautiful art objects instead of Burtynsky's camera. It achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that appear to exist in the industrialized world - for those who are sufficiently receptive to their knowledge, that is. Even piles of compact garbage can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but we no longer knew "Wall-E"?). In particular, he is interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where one has already penetrated into nature - which may explain why sometimes even people in his paintings (ie Workers in these places), with their uniform clothing and robotic movements, part of industrial landscapes. "Produced Landscape," a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has basically a feeling of "Koyaanisqatsi" because it dazzles us with its richly varied kaleidoscope of paintings and patterns. Director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler really capture the essence of original photographs from a purely cinematic perspective because their own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant, who shoots shots at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh, and a massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China . With their liquid camera, film-makers point out the beauty of Burtynsky's image. In fact, the film opens with a staggering eight-minute track record of a Chinese factory in which hundreds of similarly dressed laborers take off in perfectly symmetrical and color coordinated rows. The film does less well when Burtynsky gets to articulate the "themes" of his work, which, frankly, is obviously confused, contradictory, and certainly least half-compressed. But it is like a purely aesthetic experience, emphasizing the image and form that "Made Landscapes" resonate the most. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps the picture is worth a thousand words.
