This is a document that came out of the wonderful work of a Canadian landscaping photographer, whose interest has long been in the devastating events exploded on earth by excavations or man-made buildings. It starts with a large factory complex filled with people who produce a great variety of small things, probably components of high-tech equipment; it's not very clear. Emphasis is placed on how big a place is and how many people are there and how they are thrown out in small yellow jackets. The film also shows a high-tech photographer to make a number of these people out of the factory and talk to his crew as he does. It is a world of inexorable industrialization. It is at least a relief that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in Nikolai Geyrhalter's merry cold documentary about the food industry "Our Daily Bread". "Made Landscapes" includes an image of people who capture electronic waste, and the city (many cities, indeed) that destroyed the largest dam in the past, with the only shy miracle of a little girl in the ruins of her own neighborhood, a bowl with a pair of wands almost larger than she is . Some of these scenes, those with unhappily paid workers who celebrate in dangerous and toxic places, could be remembered by the leading English photographer Sebastian Salgado. But this photographer does not have such an interest in seeing people near. Its orientation places it somewhere between Salgado and the cold, neutral modern landscaping photographs of Lewis Baltz. Everything is happening in China, of course, even though there are black and white shots of a photographer working around a large boat building in Bangladesh. It is backed by music in the New Age industrial style, which is alternately soothing and oppressive. Are there many photographs of the photographer's work - or were some of them created by the film crew? Unclear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see how people are going through exhibitions of their beautiful work - large dramatic prints of carefully composed, colorful, colorful images of the camera with a nice glow. The irony is that Burtynsky does such unique and beautiful pictures of places that are essentially crippled and are disdainful and boring to the ordinary eye. He admits he has no political attitude. When we can compare his paintings with those caught by the roaming eye of the cinematographer Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work is almost equal to a celebration and thus a forgery. But it shows us a place that, if we care carefully, will reveal their complete dark tale of destruction and neglect, whether they are gently processed photographs. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not quite fortunately, it is Burtynsky, whose voices tell most of the movie how it moves in different places. Burtyn's "epiphany" may have inspired his decade of good work, but they have nothing but truism about how to change the planet irreparably; they depend on the oil they exhaust; that China has come to a massive industrialization late, and may soon be extinguished with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest of "Produced Landscapes" would be much greater if there were susceptible new ideas that would accompany them. The reasons why you look at it are two: to see the bursts of Burtyn's work and raw materials, the spaces he visits and chronicles so splendidly; and watching scenes from the gigantic, amazing, depressing and somewhat frightening industrialization of modern China. Due to the limitations of narratives, the idea of ​​the title of "Produced Landscapes" feels underdeveloped. It even looks like an incorrect naming. They are new landscapes, but they are a by-product rather than "manufactured". "Waste lands" or "residual landscapes" could be better titles. From this document there is plenty of room to more intellectually looking for work on the film on this interesting subject; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky could better explore their books or exhibitions.
