I have read several mixed reviews and some of them have directly scared the movie. Originally I was interested in this project because it was director Tony Scott and I was very interested in his work after Man On Fire had such a profound impact on me. Before I start my review, let me first say ... it's wonderful to see that this film could be solved in a boring and ordinary way, but the writers and Scott chose a different approach. <br /> <br /> Plot: <br /> <br /> Simply put, it's not boring. Most Hollywood movies give "proven and true" scenes that they know to connect with people, often ensuring that the audience takes the film and creates a higher probability of profit. This conspiracy was one of the most interesting things I saw in a moment. Just because I recently watched "The Weather Man" and "Lord of War" and while I say these movies are great and I admired both of them, both of these films are boring and they are exactly what you should expect, that they will be told. They have no chances and are extremely predictable after watching a bunch of American films. Domino's plot is interesting and in a way that is still thinking, "oh man, they are now connected". And I feel like many recent movies are missing. It has a lot of depth in my mind, and it gives you lots of things to look at when you watch them. Overall, I was so interested in the film. <br /> <br /> Characters: <br /> <br /> I felt the characters were accurate. Knightley did a terrific job of portraying a beautiful woman who was just inside and wanted to be seen as she was. It was obvious she wanted to prove herself, and she did all the means she had to do. Choco was also very believable, his use of Spanish in inappropriate situations, reaction to Domino's lack of affection, as well as his jealousy within the team ... everyone was told the truth, which made me feel that his character was much more realistic. Rourke's character was the least interesting to me, but it was still true. He looked like an ordinary guy, trying to accomplish his goals. I hope they really tried to shoot with the filmmakers, because I got out of it. He did a very good job of showing Ed, on average, Joe, who made his mistakes, still trying to live. Claremont / Ladies: I believe they have provided the heart much needed for the story, not just people who make money to buy Bentley, they were real people who had a real problem and were looking for others who want to meet that goal. because the child's illness for them was a problem with no other solution These characters were meant to show real people who are less fortunate to get into this mess because they need help Mafiots: They made a story seemingly ominous in such a way that only a crowd can I also liked the part, they also exchanged the story with little complexity that makes the plot more interesting .. Christopher Walken / 90210 boys: <br /> <br /> They gave comic relief in another very serious movie. unpleasant testimony to the constant references to the 90210 boys who behave. Their engagement in the film it just made it much more enjoyable ... Cinematography .... yes ... cinematography Here it seems that this movie has lost many potential fans. But in my opinion, I thought it was genius, using the camera to overcome the mood of the current situation was, in my opinion, extremely effective. I thought it was a method that was properly implemented, but it could always benefit from improvements as well as anything else. Congratulations and congratulations to Scott, the editor, the cameraman, and the photography director for having a real chance with this movie. Not only did they get along with their presentations, they went much further. The use of colors, extraordinarily light and extremely dark, gave the "look" of the film with a sinister and eccentric look that accurately describes the life of the crowd, the reward hunter, and the less happy way that shows that their life is not like peaches or "pure" If you notice, in a time of less stress or conflict, there were very few tricks of the camera, if at all, which proves that Scott and his crew tried to achieve something with this look and did not just do it. most people who watched this movie did not expect it and caused many of them to be turned off but I think it was great that Scott used this approach Hollywood movies have become predictable and insignificant Most of them are filmed in the same way with the same and I'm glad Scott was trying something else. <br /> <br /> This movie is not meant for everyone but to say it's rubbish and has nothing to offer, is totally missing, and I was very fond of this film and I'm glad I spent money on it. I would recommend it to all, but I'm sure it will hit a few with a chord. I have to agree with an earlier poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside the "MTV sphere" will not appreciate this film, but I think many people will be. We should all try to make Scott and what. took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique. And with that in mind, I think he succeeded.
