Once I knew Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said, "I have to watch this movie." It's the undisputed main character, Domino, a reward hunter. Her "work", as she would teach us the "no action" scenes, reflects her uprising, a violent attitude to life. I have to admit that this is the first time I look at an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the weapons are far from the hands of the characters. So it struck me a bit. Anyway, John Woo's fans are helicopters, blasts, shooting as if it's raining and beautiful Keira, who shoots two machine guns, one on hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Crossing the Keire boundary, which is a real idea in this movie, which is basically different from the beautiful action character we are used to seeing, is Mickey Rourke back with a normal face and a weak figure. Christopher Walken is doing his job quite well as a reality show producer. Let's look at the content: this film has a journalistic shape. The talk show scene is "disgusting" real. Everyone who watched this load. . . you know - what, you can say, it's the air you get in these situations. Just as a producer, when Domino's mother says that the fact that it should show that Domino's life is "waste, no transgression" corresponds to "I do not take it as a misdemeanor." This movie shows a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that did not want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a reward hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the third boy of the band) who made the family (using Ed's words) the institution that he was, "and Alf, driver / bomber who originated from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation, and this group of people represents in some way human beings born "without shirt", misfortune, violence and no loss, except for their (how they would think) miserable life. more or less ", so I could not say how many of these things are true, anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could be" added "to see the movie better and be classified as an action movie), the character's story is It's too realistic to be "cultivated." <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is different, well-studied and definitely boring. What I did not really believe is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, Zliv as ever in his acting career). It represents the only reason that Domino begins to tell his story (and this is the story). Probably the only "horse" in the movie with many "professionals". <br /> <br /> Overall: This is not "SWAT". Characters are created; have identity, shape. They have a first and last name (not only "Gamble" and "Street"). It must be said that it's a girl's biography whose life was as fast as a bullet.
