Announcement in advance: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing on the racing card, but when I saw a preview of this movie, I thought "Finally!" I have yet to see one film about popular African influenced dance (whether it is a favorite hip hop moves, breaking or stepping) where the main character was a black woman. I have seen an excessive number of films where a non-black woman who does not know anything about hip hop comes in a hip and breakin 'job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but black women in the movie almost do not exist. It always made me worry that I was thinking so much hip hop, African dance was influenced and broken with Blacks and Latinos in huge numbers in these specific files and it was not always the men who did it so I felt that this film was a long time . But the race does not make the movie, so I also wanted to bring her a credible plot; dancing is fun; and is interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I enjoyed this film bringing Jamaican culture. I can not remember when I saw a popular movie where the main heroes were Jamaican; had credible accents; and were not stereotypical with witches. Steps, family, friends, and even "criminals" were all truly intelligent, realistic people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood in which they live by doing something positive. Even when the audience learned that the sister of the main character had chosen an alternative lifestyle, it did not make the story stereotypical. I was happy with how it was drawn. I loved the pace; a romantic flirting relationship between two steppers; attempts that passed through parents of the main character; and how she dealt with returning to her old neighborhood and dealing with the crabs in the barrel. I respected that he was so intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other films in the film were engaged in the world of footsteps. They were all as good as those guys. I do not see it in too many movies today, at least not those that would have been considered black movies. Disadvantages: I'm not entirely sure why the directors or who have put the film together did it, but I have doubts about whether they were on real steps. Whenever supporters were preparing for a show, some hip hop song would play in a place where the jumps of the old men rose. In the real step, they show that there is no need for music, except to crowd crowd. And then, when hip hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm for the song was gone to the rhythm of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was unpleasant. I was very impressed by the fact that I was in this film in contrast to "Stomp the Yard" because the women became as wild as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got a dirty lap for a few seconds swirl and hair flip a (Deltas?) to release singing and a few steps and were cut instantly). Even when there were very small scenes, ladies broke it, especially at the car rental, and it was without this music to drown her physical music. I know the soundtracks must be sold, but filmmakers can play music in other parts of the film. I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, all I still thought was written in the script to keep putting her hand on her side when she talked? "I thought they should instead use the host as Free or Rocsi Deray Davis was as usual funny I also groaned when I found out that the film should be in the ghetto as if graduation Hollywood, as usual.However, only a few people were portrayed as too ignorant because of their neighbors and losers who mostly do mainstream movies. <br /> <br /> I would give this movie five stars, for me I'm definitely planning to buy when it comes out and hopefully the bonus scenes will contain a real step performance without all the songs.
