SPOILERS THROUGH: <br /> <br /> I'm really in this minority, but I liked this movie. It's not a classic, but it certainly involves a fairly adrenaline ride. I definitely thought it was worth at least 7 ratings. Maybe I liked it because I did not see the original. Something tells me that with such a movie it will be the strongest fans of people who have not seen the original version and so have little to compare them. It was not a masterpiece, but I got into it a lot and actually wanted to see the original. It was a few things I liked. One of them was casting Kowalkski. Viggo Mortenson was great and really brought a lot of charisma to the role. Since most of the film fell on his shoulders, he had to be really great and he was. It was a great role for him. Another interesting thing about Vansishing Point was that it was made for television. I did not know this was the case when I was looking at it. It seemed to me that it was a big movie, and I would never have realized it was not a big release. I also found that this story is very absorbing. I'm not one for action movies, but I got into it. In addition, it was much more than an action movie in that it was drama, mysticism, love story, strange people as you turned around. (I did not even know the priest.) And it was moving. It was not a great movie, but it's traceable. And then it's over. It packs a strong punch, and if one is involved in the story up to this point, it is very difficult not to finish at the end. I'm not sure how to feel the end. As a result, Kowalkski survived, and though I'm very skeptical of what it is possible, it's film and realism is not a component that's always in the mix when shooting a movie. I have to say that I found the end unbelievably unrealistic, but very manipulative, which I do not like, but for some reason is almost forgiven in this film. It is true that a lot of things were just for remediation (could the villains be stereotypical?). But the creators were very right, even though they had a lot of things to do. When I said that, I admit that I can understand why someone who is the main fan of the original would hate this version, because even though I did not see the original, I saw many original films that I loved that I was distracted by terrible results . (My great displeasure is actually a sequel.) But I can understand the low rating if the original is of such high quality. People compared it to Smoky and Bandit. How on the road version of Legends of the Fall also meets Thelma and Louese? I definitely felt the touch of both films (both I'm a fan). But I do not think it was a great movie. It was better than average, but far from great. But it was an absorbing, adrenaline, touching film with an excellent cast of the main character. My vote is 7 out of 10.
