I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this most thoughtfully delivered drama that I almost missed due to my somewhat surprising value of 6.6; as seldom give daylight to any movie rated under 7/10. When I said so, I'm so glad I gave Stone to Angel that he deserves that much. And so you should, if you are one of the rarer, sensitive, soulful and thoughtful people who live in this country in a live form. I have to say that in many respects (though not all) see. his motifs, executions, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me of the much praised "Notebook". I'm so surprised that other commentators did not get many similarities that repeatedly hit me during the movie, so I can only assume that those who wrote the comments still did not have to see the Notebook. They do not have to share any topic of Alzheimer's disease, but I can say with certainty that if you like the "Notebook" you will find a lot to make your time most of the time with the "Stone Angel". But even if you have not seen the Notebook or read the book on which this movement is based (which by the way I do not have), you should definitely find a lot to keep your attention tight - unless your favorite genres include fast stock thrillers. It's a movie for thinkers and those who like to remember how time is changing, how life varies with how the flight is going through, and what could have happened in a person's life, as one looks after years. underestimated and yet great film really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame my current low rating of 6.6 / 10 to 11% of the idiots who gave them 1/10. After all, he attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing this note. However, if the 11% who gave her the lowest possible position were really expecting cars and explosions, why did not it look ... even for a few seconds in film and promotional lines? Oh, dear ... Whatever world comes from, do not miss the most underestimated film gem - but only * if you * have a brain (ie your dozens do not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator).
