I am amazed at how this movie (and most others have an average of 5 stars and below when the IMDb average movies are in the range of 7 to 10). The Fanbaic mentality will again hit. a former girlfriend said that this movie is dubious. I'm leaving later to sit down to watch this movie and I found myself looking forward to even laughing a bit. This and The Replacement Killers are movies that people have branded director Antoine Fuqua as Black Michael Bay I do not see how it is that most Fuquy movies are smarter than Michael Bay's come with us. <br /> <br /> Story: Alvin Sanders (Jamie Foxx) is a former convict who is (David Morse) as a pawn to capture a killer named Bristol (Doug Hutchinson) who after each accident replaces a bug implanted in the jaw while these agents after Bristol, Bristol is after the golden bricks that were taken in a robbery. <br /> <br /> Jamie Foxx is funny and great as Alvin Sanders. Alvin is a quick spokesman who is much smarter than he. Doug Hutchinson is fine as Bristol. It can sometimes be in his John Malkovitchesque behavior. It was better than he was like Looney Bin Jim in Punisher: War Zone. David Morse is good as a stubborn Treasury agent. Even Mike Epps is funny like Alvin's brother Stevie. Both he and Jamie had some fun moments on the screen. The only flaw in the movie is some thriller attempts that are flat. The runway scenario is overcrowded, but I could not turn away. The director went everywhere to earn points for it. In addition, the bomb scene with a treasure agent tied up with an armchair while the detonator rests on the door was quite handy. <br /> <br /> Everything in all Bait is not a bad film with a long shot. Her never boring, always funny and every minute I watch my watch. That should count for something. Bait is one of the most underestimated films of 2000. PS: a reviewer who claimed that this film is too violent ... How long have you lived under the rock? I'm sure you saw Die Hard and every movie by Quentin Tarantino. But those movies are not violent right? Freak.
