The '77 Airport starts as a brand new luxury 747 plane and is filled with valuable images and such as belonging to wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stevart) who transports them and a bunch of VIPs to his property in preparation to be open to the public as a museum, on board is also daughter Stevens Julie (Kathleen Kuinlan) and her son. A luxury jetliner moves to the plan, but the airplane is airborne by a copilot of Chambers (Robert Fokvorth) and Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who work with passengers and crew of Uspeli gas, they plan to steal precious cargo and land on used plane on an isolated island, but as they make his descent almost hit the oil platform in the Ocean and loses control of the plane that crashes into the sea that sinks on the lower right-hand bang in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With short supply air, water leaking in & over 200 miles from the course, problems are being put on for survivors while waiting for help with a time that is rapidly getting worse ... Also known under a slightly different plate Airport 1977 , this second continuation of the airport (1970), was directed by Jerry Jameson and while I can not yet say that the Airport '77 is any forgotten classic that is fun, although it is not necessary for the right reasons. Of the three films at the airport I've seen so far, I really liked this one. It has my favorite plot of three with nice hi-jacking in the air and then dropped (did not you see the oil platform?) & Sinked from 747 (maybe the manufacturers were trying to cross the original airport with another Poseidon Adventure Propaganda (1972) popular popular catastrophe) and submerged is where it stays close with a sharp dilemma that confronts those trapped inside, or is scorched when the air expires or drowns like 747 floods or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could have been made for a big, small catastrophic lump ac or bad unsympathetic character, dull dialogue, lethargy sets and a real lack of danger or suspense or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While a fairly muddy land keeps one fun in 108 weird minutes, not so much happens after the plane sinks and there is not so much urgency as I thought it should have been. Even when the navy engages, things can not be picked up with a few shots of huge ships and helicopters flying, but just missing something here. George Kennedy as an employee of the airline company, Joe Patroni, returned, but only got a few scenes and barely said that he was just worried in the background. Home video and theater version of '77 'start 108 minutes until American TV versions add an extra hour of recording including a new introductory sequence of sequences, much more scenes with George Kennedy as Patroni, flashbacks to clarify characters, longer scenes rescue and discovery or a few more dead bodies including a navigator. Although I would like to see this extra recording, I'm not sure I could sit near the '77 airport. As expected, the film was badly outdated with a terrible fashion and interior design choices, but I will not say anything more than the effects of the toy model aircraft. Together with the other two airports, this is a proud place in the shadow of the Razzie Awards, although I can remember a lot of bad films than I think is a bit rough. Action scenes are a bit boring, unfortunately, the pace is slow and there is not much excitement or tension that is as embarrassing as I think it could have been a pretty good movie if it's done properly. Production values ​​are fine if nothing spectacular. The actress is not great, twice Oscar winner Jack Lemon said it was a mistake in what he was doing, once Oscar winner James Stuart looks old and fragile, and once winner Oscar Lee Grant looks drunk while Sir Christopher Lee has little to do with it's done and there are many more famous people who need to look after it. The '77 is so far the most disaster-oriented, and so far I liked the idea, even if they were a little stupid, the production and the mild direction did not help, and the film about a submerged plane should not be boring or lethargic. Follow Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
