When I was young, my parents led me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of the many films I watched with my parents, but this was the only one we came out of. Since then until recently I have not seen the Interiors, and I could live for the rest of my life without him. What a pretentious, boring and painfully boring piece of wine and cheese of the 70's. Voody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst piece of his career. In the immortal style of Ingmar Berman, Alen gives us a dark, aggressive, insightful insight into the lives of a family created by psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis, whatever. The film, deliberately, has no comic relief, no music, and is soaked in a dark pathos. This film style can best be described as an expressionist by nature, using an improvisational method of dialogue for an impermissible "more pronounced depth of meaning and truth". But Voody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But in addition, I simply did not have any connection or sympathy for any character. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of mixing, whining, nicotine stain, martyrdom in a constant search for identity. In the midst of the background of cosmopolitan wealth and roasting intelligence, the story is seen as a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in vulnerable flops and a sublime language between cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperately seeking direction or understanding, or anything else, and only continues and continues to the point in which you just want to squeeze them all. It's never about resolution, but only about endless introspective clumsiness. It is nothing more than a psychological drama that is extremely beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen has decided to immerse himself in the characters so that we can feel left out. And for this reason, I painfully declared this film as lax and spiritually exhausting. I see what he was doing, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques is dismissed by him through the point of relevance. I recommend this if you feel a bit too happy and need to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend this film never happened.
