If this is a 2008 product from one of the biggest production houses of the Indian film industry (Iash Raj), then I am afraid that this is a very long progress for us to reach the right standards. If you can make a mistake in this length with such a huge star Anil, Akshay, Saif and Kareena, then filmmaking is even more difficult to study by everyone who is related to this movie. There is no film in almost all departments except cinema and Akshai Kumar. He has several good dialogues to be provided, but this alone can not make you enjoy a high expectations movie. The first scene of the car that descends into the river from the mountain has very cheap graphics such as that cartoon. This was a clear indicator of the director's vision. Every actor who is otherwise a filmmaker is simply lost. Anil Kapoor's trick of trying good English falls most of the time. Saif will surely manage to sign this film. In short, this is the LARGEST WASTE RESOURCES AFTER "JHOOM BARABAR JHOOM". I would say that even "Aaja Nachle" was a better movie than this. It can not be understood how and why this type of letter is written and approved. The most desirable was the order of the fairy tale of Aksha's love story. After a bad script, the weakest point in the film is her music. Vishal Shekhar gave only some tunes for each song. The songs start very well and suddenly melodies drop dramatically. Only one song "Falak Tak Chal" is in some way good than anyone in this group. Vishal Shekhar missed an opportunity. As for the continuity of intelligence manufacturers, this is just a sample: Akshai and Saif are on their way to the hilly side of the side (probably Ladakh). In the next scene, they search for Carenen in Haridwar, then in the hills with Caren in their car. I'm still thinking who wrote this. If you manage to sit down to the last, then the climax is too long with stupid and unnecessary stopping. You can see that all the heroes walking through the bullet storm are not hurt like they are GOD. Do we still see the 2008 movie with all these technical achievements? So there's no more word on this pathetic and humiliating movie, but a sincere request for older actors from their fans. Dear Anil Kapoor and Akshai Kumar, If possible, please request a review of your films after the first copy is out. As artists of such growth, you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers. People continue to applaud for you as you enter the screen in your first scenes. I think that such a film should not see daylight because it hinders the reputation of all those who are connected with the film, the actor and the production house.
