The summer season is when cinema choices are limited to what is the hottest movie of this week, given the 99.9% screen dedicated to showing. OK, I can exaggerate the percentage, but you get my enthusiasm. Apart from things from Hollivood, Bollivood has its share of expected blockbusters, and from some of the shown trailers, and I'm inclined to watch them. Tashan was charged as one of the most wanted for 2008, but I was pretty surprised by the lower than the low-profile response in the cinema. When I looked at Joda Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. After I looked at it, I knew why. It was fun, but it was fundamentally bad. Just like the literal English title, which means "Style", Tashan has all style, but little content. It's not that there is no conventional star power, but the scenes have been forced, and some at the border are somewhat funny, even for the Bollivood standards that I have to say. This is quite surprising given that Tashan was directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharia, written by Dhoom and Dhoom 2, and both of them enjoyed terrible things. In his director's exit with Tashan, until you can blame his direction, you would probably scratch your head over the plot, which was at best unbearable. She tried to check too many things in the story, although the credit was given where she allowed you some time to re-examine the motivation of the character, but it came a little too late, and it was only to the end, which for a moment left you speculating for a moment . in an action that was in full swing, mimicking many Thai action films, with a wire in Hong Kong and a Hollywood senseless firearm and a zero-point gun. And in an attempt to include everything that includes a kitchen sink, there is an assortment of vehicles, and the one who took the cake in the Dhoom 2 hommage was a jetty in the middle of nothing. At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to how the actors were associated with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, the director of the English-speaking call center, just as a platform for fishing new material for girls. His cloaked ways are dismissed when they meet Pooya Singh (Kareena Kapoor), which is not exactly the one that looks, meek and sweet natural hottie. She hires Jimmy's services for her boss, Anthony Kapoor, who probably gets the most laughter while talking broken English and phrases have to love how ah-beng works. And in order to complete the quartet, Akshai Kumar plays Bachchan Pandei, an illiterate gangster for hire Bhaiiiaji hired to chase Jimmy and Pooja when he escapes the money stolen from Bahiai's business. So begins the journey, with friends who have turned into enemies, and enemies that you know will become friends in the same way as the journey takes. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unbelievable of all, because he goes from scratch to hero, performing moves that would embarrass Ramba in absolutely no time, which is quite unusual. Kareena Kapoor boosts the sexual factor while using her charms to deceive both men, and has a lot of opportunities to do so in view of the many screaming bikini scenes, and other costumes that boast laced cutouts or moves above her knees. Every character has a backdrop, and I thought Bachchan Pandei of Akshai Kumar was probably the best, most discerning and funny of all, even though his character looked like a non-green Incredible Hulk with his rebounding jumps. and power packs. His wounds are also healed automatically, which impressively puts Volverine on a shame. And the best part is his theme song, which is damn alpha-male and playing in ra-ray mode every time he takes over his opponents. But sadly to say, it's the only melody to remember, something that calls "Bachchan-Pandei-Bachchan-Pandei". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I will usually be able, in spite of obvious linguistic voids, to come out from projections that roar a melody or two. I could not do it after Tashan, because the songs were unfortunately not at all attractive. Usually a song / dance routine works well in the story without the need to extract characters from the current scene or location. I enjoy it in relation to getting them out and putting them in extreme positions at the top of the mountain, or at the top of the toothed rocks on the shore of the sea. The story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a bit more decent than funny, and that continuity would be a little more careful. Made as a blockbuster, I can now figure out why people have already escaped this. Despite the fact that Akshai Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better.
