Tashan - the title itself explains the nature of the film. This type of film is actually made for the flop. What kind of damage Iash Raj Films produces such films are they are worthless of C films. Or even some C-Class movies have a better and more enjoyable story than Tashan. A lot of hyper-moderated and exaggeratedly promoted Tashan was badly bombarded by the cashier he certainly deserved. In my opinion, this is the worst movie ever made of the Honorable Banner Iash Raj Films. How come they conducted such a difficult project for the new Vijay Krishna Achariu, who does not have the real meaning to launch the action? He tried to mimic the way Sanjay Gadhvi made Dhoom, but finally suffered. Action scenes are more like comics or cartoons made to crowd out the audience. The story also loses in its meaning and substance that gently captivates the hearts of the audience. In most of the scenes, Anil Kapoor reminds me of the southern Tamil Rajican star in his body language and river expressions. I am not a fan of either Saifa or Akshaia, but the Carina Prize was finally to go to Saif's hand instead of Akshai. Only from the starting point I expected, but in the end, it was unhappy with the climax of the truth. Saif is the main behind the whole adventure, while Akshai joins in the middle. In each film, the finals should be judged on the whole characters of the entire story, and the prize or prize should be given to the one who deserves recognition. And Tashan is losing this way, and unexpectedly he failed to become a hit. Akshai has nothing new to show his comic talent here, but still resembles his previous films. He seriously needs to create a new image for his fans, who will re-impress them again. Between Saif has done an excellent job in Race, and now he has returned to his hilarious nature through this film. But he developed completely in the acting field. And the last, but not the least, about Kareena. She looks very hot with a bikini dress that some people complain about because she's become too thin. But I do not think so, it has already become thin. I'm slim !!! It is a good factor for the female to attract the main people (or say, male). In addition to them, it is nice that Saif's son Ibrahim appeared at the beginning and the last as a young Saif. I hope that he will now lean forward in order to create his career. Those who love this Tashan or are mentally immature or still want to return to childhood, or say they want to be admitted to asylum. The head of the debutante Vijay Krishna Acharia, who misjudged the project offered by Iash Raj Films, is falling. In the future, she should experiment and study the script for at least 5 years before going into practical guidelines. I'm sorry, I do not like to rate the good stars of this type of garbage.
