Masters of Horror: The Screvfli Solution begins after America is infected with a virus in the air that affects the male population, when excited men kill any woman who is obviously in God's name. The scientist Alan (Jasn Priestlei) is brought in by the government and knows more than the majority and feels that the situation may have gone too far and tells his wife Anne (Kerri Norton) to take their daughter Ami (Brenna O'Brien) and try to survive because the future of the human race can depend on them ... This Canadian American co-production was episode 7 of the second season in the Masters of Horrror series directed by Joe Dante I thought that Screvfli's solution was pretty bad. I personally think that the script is Sam Hama's shit, that it's taken too seriously and I do not understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror that filmmakers are looking for in The Screwfly Solution is in the real story itself and the topics and ideas it brings, on the visual horror of the screen, a particularly ungainly ecological message that it intends to impose on our throat whenever a chance appears to it in a short time of 60 minutes that I felt as a problem only ends what could easily be interpreted as necessity, and not any meaningful Trying to get things done. I was not even dissatisfied with the incompatibility with the story, if men kill only when they are sexually aroused, why are the stewardesses accidentally interrupting the woman's door on the plane? Whether it's sexually aroused, I do not think so. Why does every guy think he kills in God's name? I just do not see every individual on Earth suddenly knowing the Bible and starting to believe in God, I just realized that the idea is ridiculous and that the show clearly states that there is nothing religious in what is happening and what is with everyone thinking of having a divine murder any woman they see? Then there is a fact that people turn to different things, what about gays, for example? Will they kill guys instead of women? I know there is a short scene that makes a joke from a gaius issue, but it is perfectly brushed to one side and then there is something that made me most annoying. The fact that every person on earth turned a psyche and killed all the women who deal with everyday tasks as if nothing had happened, just felt so stupid, the plot was nonsense and circulated things. taken from the discarded episode of Dossier Ks (1993 - 2002) with a brilliant neon alien. The director of Dante in this presentation definitely does not qualify as the Master of horror as far as I am concerned, the story is poorly derived, so it is stupid considering that the game is deadly straight and instead of trying to make a real horor shov, converts in several trillers with his deadly virus on the situation in which he is losing, and later his mother and daughter are on the run for it, there is very little in the way of what I would call an effective horror and even worse. There is a scene when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a guy stabs his gang with the bottle, and the other woman stabs in her stomach, but nothing else she would write about home. Technically, like other episodes, it's really good and there's no look for a cheap TV series, special effects are as big as usual and well made. The act is fine, but no one has truly distinguished himself. The solution Screwfly is the worst episode of the Masters of Horror I've seen, but I realize that I have not seen them all ... yet. As an independent piece of entertainment, he did nothing for me and as a show made by the so-called Master of Horror disappointed me even more.
