I'd like to write about this story, but it was not. I would like to quote a couple of difficult dialogues from the film, but "hinglish" is funny only 5 minutes, after which it is exaggerated. I wish I fell unconscious for 'uncertainty', but that was predictable as ... um mm, Iash Paradise movie (?). I'd like to talk about the action "from the edge of the seat", but I do not like a lot of cartoons. All in all, this movie is perfect for: 1. People who are trying to suicide - I promise they will push you over the edge 2. Sado-masochists - this the film is much more efficient than the barbed wire worn by Silas in the Da-Vinci code. 3. People who explore alternative ways of spreading terrorism - I swear that the audience left the hall as if she was keen to kill someone 4. Film pirates: More power for them. If any movie deserves that the audience does not spend the money to watch - that's it. 5. Barracks, most species of plankton and green algae - Because almost all other living things should have an IC factor slightly higher than what the movie offers. Subsequent thought: The director of the film is obviously his kind. (And I hope God is the only one in his kind ... enough) Things that could have done this to make this a better movie: 1. Story 2. Choreographer 3. Script writer 4. Stunt coordinator 5. Story (Have I already said that?) 6. Director - preferably one who is not mentally impaired (although even the one who was exposed could do better) 7. Anil Kapoor = Bubonic plague - Avoid under any price 8. Legal Warning - "Watching Iash Raj movies is harmful to your mental health" Things I liked in the movie: 1. Kareena Kapoor - I with obvious reasons 2 English subtitles - "Mera Dil Kho Gaia" becomes - "My heart is in the void", "Chaliia Chaliia Chaliia" turns into "Im flirt, Im a lover, Im vagabond" .. meaningless. In short, Tashan is like the opposite of Rubric Cubes - The cube should increase IK players, Tashan promises to reduce your IK, and this in just 2.5 hours! Voot! Sigh * .. But it's just me. I could be wrong.
