The scene of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is the only thing that wakes you up while you're watching Tashan? this mega-disappointing, calming a new movie in the movies this weekend. Bad films are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a horrible movie. Terribly, as it takes the audience for granted, it's terrible because filmmakers expect to get out without any complication or any common sense just because they have big movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Achar, Tashan is what we would describe as a road movie, but one that goes in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager who is engaged to teach English Bhaiiiaji - this is Anil Kapoor, who plays an ambitious gangster, desperately wants to cool down. Jimmy has an eye on Pooji, a gangster-loving young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to cheat his 25 crore rupees boss. Determined to repay her money and to punish both Jimmy and Pooh, Bhaiiii recruits her most trusted assistant to do the job. So you have Akshai Kumara like Bachchan Pandei, a gangster loyal assistant from Kanpura who finds the culprits and returns stolen money that is hidden all over the length and breadth of the country. \ T hidden script with the center on the vendetta part. But the treatment is so overwhelming, so lenient that it does not establish any connection. Instead of a coherent scenario or a traditional triple structure, you get a handful of sets around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed. This sharp song in the desert, the action scene in the rajasthan fortress, Kareena's moment of bikinis, even this funny action scene with the Shaolin monks, a water scooter that breaks through the dirty buzz and believes it or not, even Tonga in Dhanna style. Quite frankly, not all of these sets are badly made - the poem about the object in the desert is pretty neat - but very few of it makes sense in a larger picture, because you just go from one piece to the other without any help from the script. You expect a bit in a seemingly quick movie to find a sick sentimental picture of childhood. You see the problem with Tashan is not related to this movie that he recorded. Moreover, I do not think they even worried - the film is delighted. By packing himself arbitrarily in the elements of every genre, and not actually trying to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like a bubble gum. There are movies that kill you silently, and there's Tashan, a movie that kills you with surplus. Equipped with great work with the camera, exotic locations and fancy costumes, every movie film will probably cost lakhs together, but in the end it still feels like an empty piece because the story does not hold. Borrowing narratives from Tarantino and the style of Steven Chow do not help either because they do not fit into a thin film plot. Perhaps you have a little less regrets if the characters are more attractive, but Anil Kapoo's hinglish dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan a stupid loop for the movie, unable to find feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, the delivery queen, does a decent job. But, of course, if Tashan is somewhat salvaged, this is due to the irresistible presence of Aksha Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You squirm when he holds his crotch several times, and you frown when he delivers these dialogues with a dual meaning, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when it's up there. Despite the good music from Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to only prolong your misery. This is because Tashan is the test of your patience. In case you did not know, Tashan means a style. I'm sorry I have to say, this film does not exist.
