Superman II - Richard Donner Cut should be a dream come true. Finally, images seen only on photos and scenes that existed only on the printed page would finally come to life. A director who was not able to complete his vision would have the opportunity to renew his vision. It looks like a winning situation. And then you start watching this group of recordings and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a nightmare of disorder and incompetence. Although it's completely possible that no movie can compete with the perfect perfect version that each of us imagined over the years, it really should have been excitement to finally see this project. And that's just a few times. You know that things are trembling when the first part of the text on the screen looks like home graphics. But then we began to see new recordings (deputy Superman - a trial film) and the first part of the hesitation disappears. Hey, this is pretty neat! Things are fine for these few short-term moments until we see the footage from STMs mixed with the new effects for this project, and it does not assure it at all. And from this moment, it never comes out. It's probably not right to judge the movie due to poor visual effects, but when this is supposedly a direct sequel to a movie whose tag was "Believe Man Can Fly", it's hard to believe in something that is shown on the screen. The best effects are original productions. Another question with this re-cutting. Much makes no sense. The only reason it really works is that we all saw the theatrical version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes of this set. Part of this may be because Donner failed to finish the shooting, the other part could be because the creators of this project had intended to use as little Lester material as possible. What we end up with is a set of footage that makes Superman IV look intact and coherent. After you look at this, you get the feeling that while Lester was loyal and comfortable using Donner material, Michael Thau and his team was utterly disregard for everything Lester made. The best scenes in Donner Cut are those that are relatively intact from the published version of Superman II. This includes the sequence of the Moon and the order of the restaurant, and not ironic, both recorded by Donner. But everything else from the film taken by Leicester was re-arranged in such a fast way that now it seems that Lester seems to have no hand. While Lester respected Donner's material, Lester was thrown under the bus. So, is there anything good in this release? Well, that's Marlon Brando, and it's neat to see. In fact watching any material shot by Donner is neat, because everything is filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the issues of this edition. Any of the main scenes (actually just Lois Jumping and Marlon Brand's scenes) would be better served as a perfect scene in the section of deleted scenes. Instead, they are a shoe born in a meaningless story with lesser performance (many alternative from familiar scenes are used) untidy editing and a bad decision. See the open scene in the Daili Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back while calling Lois and Clark? In the end, why does Lois enter her dark apartment just to follow Jackie Cooper into the dark bathroom and turn on the lights? At first, I was confused by expecting to see Lois. The whole set is filled with suspicious choices like this one. Battles are also messy, with no geography between the cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the main action scenes are taken by Lester and its material is used only as a bridge to the next set of Donner or an alternative. They should have used more than Lester's shots, but they probably had too much pride to admit it. The disorder extends to the military rocket. As stated elsewhere, the projectile shown in Donner Cut is marked "KSK 10" until we all know it's "KSK 101"! A blind man in STM knows that! The producers of this set, who have worked so hard to respect the original film, cast the ball for less than five minutes and this error indicates the quality of the entire production. For all the assumed care that is put into this, the final product has an airborne share that is inevitable. The whole affair will probably be easier to digest if Varner did not do this separate edition here in the states. As it is, we are expected to pay what is essentially a bonus disk of deleted scenes with the "play all" option. It's really worth a look, so we can finally see legendary cut scenes, but after that initial look, I expect this to be an excellent magnet for dust and a little bit. I know that, after my experience of watching this, I had a new respect for Lester's version. This is by no means perfect, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the script that stand out here in the bold relief. He succeeded in making a film that has been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new cut will most likely be remembered only as a footnote in the history of these films.
