I realized it was high time to let this happen. Pokemon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids VB and 4Kids Entertainment to give us our favorite series and movies. As for the series, they are doing quite a good job in giving entertainment and magic to the Japanese version of television. What then is their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly, I've seen all three Pokemon films in Japanese and I'll definitely see the fourth. They're great movies. Everyone is fun and entertaining to watch. And, after I saw Pokemon 2000 in theaters, I can not help but wonder how these American producers are reading Japanese letters. It seems that they seem to have read and seen something that says 'Insert empty morals here' in big, shy letters. It definitely appears in this way because they used the same wonderful methods of dubbing that they used on MSB (ultimate sarcasm) and created this shit. Well, I suppose I should first talk about Pikachu's rescue adventure. My first problem with this came without a narrative. I suppose they had enough bad comments on the story of Pokedeks who tortured Pikachu's vacations, and instead of going with a caring, mild female voice that appeared in Pikachu, Natsu Iasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just broke the narration all together. That would not be a problem, except for one thing. Has anyone really understood why Ekeggcute did not allow Togepi to go to the end? Probably fans, but I'm sure they're not parents. Then, there is a song about the topic. I could not help turning my eyes on this. The Japanese theme was 'Tankentai in Tsukurou' and were singing Japanese children. It was fun and fun. This: disgusting. One of my favorite parts of the short film was the dance of Kireihan. Nice music, fun to watch. That changed with Bellossom. The music was exhausted for one, but above all, they had all Pokemon music talks, which turned out to be nervous, boring, and simply unnecessary. Oh, and there's Polivhirl who thinks it's Polivrath. You would think that the guys who work with these characters finally at least find out what they are. Basically, a little bit can save this little unfortunate duck, which is very unfortunate given his potential. But I have not touched the worst of all yet. I would think that the warning signs would be obvious to me when I received the Nintendo Pover question. For some inconceivable reason, I believed a little in 4Kids and SB. My thoughts were 'good, they screwed up the first movie, but the others were different in terms of the subject, so you should do well.' Bearing this in mind, I simply did not pay attention to the warning signs I encountered in the cinemas when the trailers said, "You will believe that one person can make a difference." In a way they said that at every turn, I was hoping that this would not turn into a moral fest like MSB at the end of the English version. Next comes the Nintendo Pover, in which I see all my fears realized by words' the main characteristic 'The Power of One'. Then I got a little more uncomfortable. 'The Power of One?' It's not a good sign. However, I still kept some of my false beliefs. Big mistake. Seating in the theater, I literally got cramps in my stomach, watching another movie I liked in Japanese, turned into complete and complete garbage. I hear comments that say it's better because the morale was more subtle. In that I see the point because they did not repeat this, repeating it again and again as in MSB. However, it did more damage than anything else in this movie. First of all, the legend that has been read in its entirety has been slightly changed to read "the world turns to Asha." Ah hah. So Ash is elected? Whatever. In the Japanese version, residents of Arshie needed the Pokemon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. This time, he's chosen. A better way of doing this is Lugia. Lugia was one of the best characters in the Pokemon movie ... when the film was about Lugia. In this case, Lugia is forced to take the back seat at Ash. In a scene where they return to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of Lugia, and not Ash make a difference. All in all in this category, Ash was not "one person" to make a difference, as many helped him on this path. Many other things are the type of reading the nests. . Fururina's flute song was not nearly as cute and pleasant as Japanese. Jirarudan told them that his collection "started with Mev card?" Ugh. Worse still, Misty was initially indignant in the way Moltres and Zapdos were kept. "Why did not you put them in Pokeball when you caught them?" This is like showing them on a cage. Much different from the sneer of him thinking that Pokemon is a thing to be collected as stamps. If there were some real redeeming values ​​in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some nice lines. Not that she would laugh at me loud, but more to laugh and a little relieve pain in my stomach. Well, it was officially the last American Pokemon movie I'll see. I imported the third and I find it very pleasant. I would rather not see another Japanese movie being destroyed in the same way as the first two. I'll import the fourth. Forget kids VB and 4Kids. The last time you left me.
