All right, I've heard of this new Justin Timberlake movie that comes out with pretty big names. I mean big actors, such as The Freeman, called Morgan Freeman, a Hollywood actor, but totally lost in this movie. Then we got Kevin Spacey, whom I had been worshiping since I was looking at American beauty and the usual suspects. Both of these great actors have probably signed for the film thinking that it will be a great movie as I have heard the story. Then come in Justin Timberlake. I'm telling a fresh face because this is his first movie and you have not hit him yet. The reason for this, I would add, is that nobody will ever look at this movie or even read this review. The film is so terrible that I entered in the first 15 minutes. The characters were so dimensional that some Bible characters looked like Don Corleone. They have one line and sound-tangled material. The sign tormented the black man (LL COOL J) who was with a beautiful woman with whom he would not otherwise belong in real life. Captain is this short, brave guy who speaks so high tone. And what a film would be useless, and that the hero would not become richer by experience. Oh and a lot of shootings, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NO !!!) Fire fire that leaves everything in the police that are dead dead and the hero prevails. They have flame throwers and rocket launchers, you're not kidding. In the extreme, if you want to see Edison because you are a big fan of one of the actors, or Big Fan Justin Timberlake, all the 13 year old girls there, enjoy !! I would like to have more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this movie is so awesome, because then I could give him so many thumbs that the thumbs would mean nothing more, because this film is so terrible because it's so bad that I am she laughed at the frustration of the story, because it would simply not end because the shooting and cracking just kept going. CAN G * D HAVE PEOPLE ON ALL and save us from these terrible movies. Well that could be the worst, another awesome RNB actor who has become a singer turned into a horrible actor is a server, hehe check out MIKS lol, or even get rich or dies trying. Now it's a special thing in this movie that there are 30+ years old men playing 16 or even younger teens. I could go on with this.
