When I was 11, Grease 2 was like a crack. It was a classless, embarrassing, euphoric and powerful addictive experience. My sister and I watched her, rewind and watched her again and again and again until we fainted or became too confused and hostile. So, if you are an 11-year-old girl, and you watched this movie as "brilliant" or "fun" or "better than original fat", you are guilty of adolescent's hormones and you can be sure that this is untenable If, ​​however, you are not a little girl, you have no excuse to suggest that Grease 2 was anything but meaningless, foolish, a little embarrassing for everyone involved in its production, distribution and / or consumption. Criticism, I will now delight the movie by explaining why it smokes? 1. In a well-performed musical, the songs should improve the story or develop characters. In Grease 2, with some controversial exceptions, music is obscene meaningless. It seems that most songs link sex gimuks to sex in an overly general way ("Score Tonight", "Reproduction", "Do It For Our Countri" and "Provin") without making a specific statement about any character or film theme. Besides, all the music is awkwardly stupid and nobody in the acting team shows even the toughest appearance of the ability to sing or play. 2. T-birds should be bad, and if not at least somehow cute, but instead each of them is a boring vussi-dufus-loser. In the end, when Johnny Nogerelli offered Michael the world-class T-bird jacket and kicked him into the gang, Michael would have to hit him in the ground, spit on him, and shelter him to bite any part of the body he touched. But, of course, he accepts it as if it were gold, because despite the fact that they are a bunch of messy lunatics, there is no greater honor than being one with T-birds. 3. Since Michael is beautiful, smart, polite, resourceful and above average (despite his musical impotence), it is feasible that Stephanie finally embraces him when he finds out the man behind the mask. Stephanie, on the other hand, is a messy, tight, chewing chewing gum, a dirty shirt that is worn, rude and rude. So, apart from being beautiful (I suppose), she does not have nice features, so the audience has no justification for the depth of Michael's attraction to her. I could continue, but I did not want to mean the brutal inferiority of my predecessor, because there are obviously many who seem to feel that such a comparison is unfair. I'll tell it to those who think that you want to look at this mess again for the good old times: fat 2 is an experience similar to the re-life of the first kiss. Now you're only 32 and you love a thirteen-year-old wedge with a salty nose with acne and thick straps. The magic is gone, and you feel dirty and upset. Trust me.
