Hollivood's misconception of obsession with sequences resulted in more retaliation than hits. For each "Kuma II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti", "Staiin" Alives "and" Grease 2's. "Although the original" Grease "is not an excellent film, the adaptation of longtime Broadway Hits in 1977 has songs that resemble the sixties, choreography and an appealing role. When Paramount began to work on the sequel, the producers appeared almost empty in every aspect that he made to the original blockbuster. Fortunately for movie viewers, Michelle Pfeiffer has survived this experience and obviously learned to read letters signing a contract talent and beauty have already been shown here, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed for the humiliating dance routines and the rude songs forced to perform. Makvell Caulfield, however, has no skill to express disgrace, and his emotions drive a scale from insensitive to catatonic What kind of romantic interest, apart from hormones, can Pfeiffer's cold insanity have in the meaningless Caulfiel? This boring mystery will be kept for a long time after the crazy luau ends in bad memory. Only assistant veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have awareness, although Lorna Luft rises slightly above the lame material. The reviewers complained, because "Grease 2" is always compared to the original, the film does not appear. However, even when taken into consideration, the film is awkward. After the frenetic number of the opening, which apparently exhausted the whole outflow, energy is scattered. With few exceptions, original songs have little similarity to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia for "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour". Jokes are falling, and choreography directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be kind. However, the worse films are inflicted on the audience, and ineffective sequences will be made as long as the producers try to make quick profits from re-publishing the blockbuster. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is neither accidentally ridiculous. Instead, the film keeps the observer's attention as a bad wreck of the train. Just when all the bodies seem to have recovered, the next scene turns into a worse massacre.
