German director Ulli Lommel succeeded the task many thieves considered to be horrendous: he assembled colleague Teuton Uwe Boll for the crowning director of the worst horror film ever recorded. Lommel is really Ed Vood not millennium. This film is so bad and funny as the worst of EVs. And I am proud of the shame to say that I watched it toto, morbidly fascinated to see only a low bar can be placed. The answer is: underground; Lommel digged a pit and buried him. Only someone who lived in Los Angeles, where every car mechanic, doctor and postman, an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered, could easily understand how Lommel was able to find so many brave actors who wanted to question his absurd dialogue with direct face. The main character, the notorious cop, is a German actor with a dense German accent. In addition to being a serial killer, he is also the oldest police officer in LA. Despite the fact that he stops innocent female drivers and leads them to detention, then pulls them into his home (which is unexplainably upper storey of warehouse furniture), and makes all this look in perspective to his newer partners, explore the LAPD and explore it, go so far as to physically attack one of his prosecutors in the attack of the ninja style to his apartment. <br /> <br /> Sets are painfully bad. The designer's budget obviously included only enough money for a can of tin; enough to paint "Precinct 707" on the cardboard wall. Since the actors were obviously unpaid non-professionals - a sad assortment of European emigrants (perhaps deported if they behaved in their native countries), bimboi, mimboos, and the desperate middle-aged women - and since little money was spent on kits, special effects, locations or other productive values, it's fair to note that the spring for several true police uniforms. Unfortunately, they could not afford a police car; uniformed policemen are crossing the streets in a splendid new leased Merkur. More than half of the story focuses on the dirty procedures of our disturbed German police officer LAPD and the vain efforts of two young novices to stop him. One of these young actors is particularly sad because he is the only actor in this confusion with even a vague shooting in a real career in movies. The other fits with a Rockabilly haircut and a tortured Brand that needs to be seen to be appreciated. The second part of the film is the place where the title gets its zombie, as the sacrifice of our killer resurrected after he killed a girl who had just visited some priestly priests to give them a protection spell. Do not ask why a Romanian girl would use Voodooism in expectation of being killed, she only accepted Lommel's logic and enjoyed an absurd ride. After long-lasting claw claws from grave tombs, zombie girls manage to appear. They look just like before their death, maybe even more beautiful, with black glamorous make-up generously colored around the eyes. They do not look like zombies, they look like fashion models ready for the runway. At this point in the movie Lommel lends to the creative note of her praised peasant Bolla and injects large doses of cheese Eurotrash techno into the soundtrack. We're talking about prehistoric electronic noise. Things that might have played on the disc in Ibiza when Lommel was still young enough to shake his prey. Unlike other zombies, Lommel's girls speak and function as normal ... I mean, as they did before they become zombies. This gives our authors a wide range of opportunities to touch us with their golden dialogue. Yes, it's a golden shower. I will not break anything revealing a shock. All I can say is that it is perfectly in line with the rest of this masterpiece. The spirit of Ed Vood lives ... or should I say his geist.
