Zombie Nation 2004 R </ br>> Hey, I was bored. I looked in my Comcast box to find a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hey, I love zombie movies. He says that the director has some kind of cult that follows in the description. It's weird that it does not warn me not to watch this movie. I could have used that advice. Zombie people like Troll 2 in that it is completely wrongly named. There is little (if anything, depending on your point of view) connection with zombies and takes place in one city. This movie turns around a broken policeman, who behaves as hard as possible (he must try to suck him so much), while women arrest women for trivial shit and then kills them. Yeah, he's a serial killer cop. Not only is this film lacking in thinking that this is a zombie shift, but that its serial killer facts are completely wrong. Serial killers enjoy killing, live for it, and they are with her personally. This type knocks out women and injects them with poison. Not even sex with a corpse or it does not break. Talk about annoying! In the end, one of the incredible five women who killed him is the Voodoo protection done to her, and for no reason, all five return to life and goes to kill this guy. Everyone was buried or thrown into the ocean, but you would not know how to buy sharp clean clothes that everyone wears. Women then behave very badly and are refreshed. Oh iai. This film was a crap in each category. Shit acting, shit writing, crappier sets, and crappier make-up effects. Women do not look like zombies, unless you really count really dark eye makeup as a de facto definition of what zombies do. Everyone can speak, act, think and act perfectly human. The blood is poor compared to even a few PG-13 films, and the nudity is still short. See your chest in the initial sequence ... Then the same chest later! Imagine. I assume that only one actress was ready to go to the toples. The police station is so badly built that you can see where they stopped painting the walls of the warehouse in which they obviously record. You can see tubes and poor lighting and an overly rare setting, and even if you're not blind, you can see that the director fails. Avoid, it's a waste of time. 1/10
