I suppose that when Hitchcock's experts and experts come together, the story is not about great great films such as "North Bi Northvest" or "Strangers On A Train", but a lesser-known effort such as this from 1931, unclear and Serious Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a couple from London middle class who are trying to stay in front of them. He envied them a lot; she accepts it. The change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle, who says they will set them up so that they can enjoy the luxury of traveling. They make plans for a world cruise. But their problems have just begun. Just ask Richard Hannaia, Roger O. Thornhilla, or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is currently unsettled, but you understand the idea. Travel and Hitchcock go together like moths and light candles, setting one for a dangerous trip at best. This may be Hitchcock's earliest decline in this subject, and not his most successful or unforgettable. Hitchcock tries to mix the comedy with another element, in this case a domestic drama, and not with uncertainty, but the two do not agree, at least not here. Hills are a dull, flat couple, without chemistry or personality. When they find themselves in Folies Bergere, in the form of an intersection with images that look ten years older than the rest of this film, they are confused in the clothes of female performers. "The curtain has grown too soon!" gasps Emili. "They're not dressed." When the hills move away from each other on an ocean cruise, it seems that mercy has killed more than tragic things, even if the people with whom the partners drowned. , Too. Emily's man, Gordon (Percy Marmont), carries around himself as he sits next to empty chairs, which he proposes to fill Emily. Fred's girlfriend "Princess" (Betti Amann) has eyes Clare Bov and shadow of Vallace Beyer at five o'clock. There is also a disgusting traveler, a dislike that Hitchcock always presents with cartoon cheese. Subtlety has just come. Everything is shot in a hurry, with confusing blocking and tense dialogue. Hitchcock is trying for an early comedy with Fred and his umbrella that does not crack off, and Kendall seems to be laughing while Berry plays tears. When Fred and Emily break away, they see themselves pushing themselves on a pair of wedge-shaped rickshaws, one of many clumsy attempts at symbolism. Emili is the only unclear compassionate person, partly because she cares about it. about her husband and agonizes her affair with Gordon, but mainly because she is among the first Hitchcock magnetic blondes, and her platinum rings fly around her face like Botichelius on the open deck of Chinese garbage near the conclusion of the film. > <br /> The questions are concluded with a dangerous situation as if the protagonists were able to catch up with, and probably fix their relationship. Only they are not active participants in the resolution, and apart from the fate of a friendly cat, nothing about the resonant ending. At least you got some nice views of London in the early 1930s, and the opportunity to see Hitchcock while he was still working on food. "Rich and Strange" is Hitchcock who pays off his debts, and teaches his store, one for pupils, but not for occasional movies.
