Budget allocation and time constraints to serial production, BATMAN AND ROBIN nevertheless earn a place at the bottom of any list of "clippers", completely without the style, imagination and atmosphere of their predecessor in 1943, BATMAN. Producer, Sam Katzman, was known as the "King of Rapids" and, like his director, Spencer Bennett, was more concerned about speed and efficiency than creating excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced two Superman series, featuring Kirk Alin, with their sticky animation, canned music and boring supporters.) The opening of each chapter offers the taste of things to come: Robin's basic resonance, Batman's " Batman vs Wizard "), mechanical droning music, and our two heroes staring at the camera looking around everywhere, were confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's hood, with the horns of the devil and the eagle's beak, does so badly that the stuntman had to adjust it during the battle. His "service belt" is a crumpled strip of cloth without a compartment, from which he still manages to pull the fan and the oxygen tube at critical moments! In any case, the leading players are wrong. Robert Loveri shows little charm or individual charm like Bruce Vaine, and does not cut out a particularly dynamic figure like Batman. Makes an impression that you'd rather be somewhere else! John Duncan, like Robin, has great difficulty in keeping his limited dialogue. He is too old for the role, with even older stunters who fill him. From the costumes, Loveri and Duncan are just as exciting as tired businessmen who advocate for a drink without an ounce of chemistry that can be seen between Levis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although serial publications were not known for character development, earlier BATMAN managed to show a more energetic role. This offers a group that goes through suggestions, rather than giving the filmmakers great support. None of the hooligans stand out, and the lead is one of the boring villains ever, "The Wizard." (Great name!) Actually, they are guided by someone who deals with a vest, a scarf and a bag over his head, with a voice called a voice that desperately tries to sound scary. "Major suspects" - an eccentric professor, a radio-emitter - are simply boring. Even the established comics are "regular" superfluous. It's hard to spot a lot of romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Vaine. Despite the dangers she faces, Vicki practically has no emotions. Commander Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, the Alfred baptist is a simple walker with the most important line "Mr. Vaine's residency". They are requisites for the exhausted, uncluttered complex plot, additionally loaded with uninhabited, repetitive music and amateur production design. Vaine Manor's exterior resembles a middle class home in a suburban neighborhood, in the inn of a cheap motel by the road. Batcave is an office that desperately needs renovation. (Costumes are kept in the archiving cabinet!) It's a shame that filmmakers can not make more effort to create exciting adventures. Although the availability of these two series on DVD plus for any serious Batfan should not be fooled by excellent illustrations on the box. More than the authentic mood of comics from all 15 chapters of BATMAN and ROBINA together. Now for good news - this is not a version from 1997!
