... this would be what you got. The words alone can not describe how bad this is. If you have trouble sleeping, and I guarantee you will be out in fifteen minutes. Robert Loveri was a pretty good actor in the 40's - but he calls him here. In an interview, Johnny "Duncan" Robin said that in one scene he and Batman had to run from car to house and that Loveri was doubled out of the range of cameras because his belt was too thin! Duncan himself looks more like a motor hood than a boy - he's actually more like a guy in the thirties waiting for the Lovers to move in order to wear a big cloak. Driving Batmobile It looks like it rolled out Sincerely a lot of cars from Al at a price below the sticker - Dinamic Duo does not invest much effort in hiding the fact that drives Bruce Vaine - in fact, it says a few characters Series. The idea is wooden - the sets are cheap - the dialogue is terrible and if there are even the scripts that accompany it, I'm sure that it read the model by "Batman says" Something in here "because it looks like it looks like it's Batting while going on. Batman's service belt is made of thin fabric with no visible bags for holding his device - in one scene Batman needs full-size pistols, and the producers only pull in until the scene starts - he will never again to be seen. His hat is so bad that he can not even see from her, and his ears are more like flops A psyche of an unsatisfied easter bunny than anything similar. In one scene (I do not invent this), Batman replaces counter-radioactive money that will light up at another time when it is exposed to air as a payment for some hoods. so it can trace it ... It's not explained why it's so inflammable. Unfortunately, the robbers open a package in a cardboard warehouse - we know it's a cardboard store, because Batman snaps and pushes these boxes that seem to weigh around six ounces on hoods to throw them out - and soon the whole city burns on Country of. Thanks to Batman! On the second scene after Batmobile has been disabled, Batman throws the side of the passing driver in the middle of the innocent and takes his car - leaving a man to take care of himself and telling him not to worry because if Batman breaks the car, the police will surely buy one more! Yes, you guessed, they said that the car was taken off the cliff in a few short seconds. It's not that much important for the driver who probably died from the show trying to get back to Gotham City. There is a tired background with Lois Lane clone, Vicki Vale, who is convinced that Bruce Vaine Batman - She must have noticed that Batmobile was parked in front of Bruce's house - or she might have seen Batman and Robin run for a walk in a clearly settled suburb. All about this series is bad - and everyone except the youngest in the audience will want to cheer on the screen. If you are looking for a bad cinema, you can not hit a better brand - if you want a party, try Burton Batman's films, Adam West Batman, or Levis Wilson Batman's earlier series.
