After the terrible attacks, the chances were that Seagal could only be strengthened with Flight Of Fury. To attack "Attack Force" should do something. Furie's flight is a significant improvement, but still in a large scheme of thought, central. Mediocrity is an apparent achievement for Seagal these days, a sad insight into his career fall in the film. Where Attack Force was a surgical line of complex lines that changed drastically from conception, to filming, post production, Flight Of Fury keeps the line of complication simpler. Somebody steals high-tech combat aircraft, plans to use it for burning chemical weapons (which we will later discover, bizarre, destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal must return the plane. It's so simple, without the boring sub-plot, and conspiracies that convey the film as an oversized number of his recent works. That does not mean that suddenly says that narration is good, although it's pretty bad. Getting to know foreign characters is badly done for example. In film terms, FOF is bad. Everybody who is involved is bad, and Seagal looks almost boring. He just got the look of a little child who was forced to perform school birthdays against his will, and thus he appeared with constant grimase and air-half-assedness. Can we blame Seagal even though the material is so ambitious and raw? Not really. This is the final film of his work with Castel Studied's paintings. Manufacturers can not make any effort to do anything good, promising a budget of around $ 12 million, and (after 5 million obligatory Seagal) are likely to give themselves a pocket money (if the movie was made for the remaining 7 million). , then I'm Elvis Pressley!). In that sense, why would Seagal put effort into a film that was already distributed before it was made? Although fans can argue, he at least owes the effort. He looks seriously exhausted, and the continuation of the use of the stand and the dub is another indication of this. Michael Keusch is directed at a certain amount of efficiency, while cinema is quite good, but in all technical areas (as usual with Castel, the standard team stunt) there is nothing more than centrality, and nothing that would help the movie to rise above its material, and boring guiding man. Again, there are a few action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, which we do not seem to want to see. All in all, the action is not bad. It's nice and violent, and sometimes we are accompanied by several nasty nasty Seagal beating, but nothing special at all. Partly due to poor crew, and lack of time to shoot something too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadows Man was a funny movie, ignoring an incoherent, messy, intricate line, or more Seagal's vintage, and more of him at the center of attention. During the film he never disappeared. Seagal bizarre disappears during an action scene here, and reappears later, with little explanation. Too many images used. The use of images with stocks is not something terrible, but it's a use as a crutches. We are continuously treated with continuous shooting of naval ships, which are annoying. In addition, the continuity of the shots is in all places (just check the background, chop and change). The film is just the middle of the road. It is said that the best film scene is completely unnecessary and a free girl on the girl scene, with two handsome girls. And Seagal is briefly retiring! All in all, this can be one of the better actions that are based on actions, but that does not say much. This will satisfy many fans, but they have to keep in mind, Seagal himself would probably want to forget about this existence. **
