Steven Seagal, a gentleman, this time is America's biggest Stealth pilot who promised to pardon the army (who tried to shake the memory at the beginning of the film he fled from the base, and later caught after breaking a looting gang in a shooting at a gas station) if he is able to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in the north of Afghanistan run by a group called Black Sun, who commanded a plane combat aircraft thanks to an American traitor. Together with his fellow pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazelei), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to hostile territory, receiving help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Paiton) and freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David). They are on earth. Jannick was kidnapped by Black Week leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his wife, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must understand that not only will they take over the command of a kidnapped fighter, but also to save him. And, perhaps, the Sands can revenge the traitor who trained, Rather (Steve Toussaint) in that process. Sands has 72 hours until General Navy's pilots bombard the entire area. On a hidden plane, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to detonate it to the United States. Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghanistan when they do not cut their knife blades. The film is mostly shooting from the machine guns and bodies of the dead. The position of Afghanistan is not subject to control (and neither Seagal nor associates can easily navigate the area undetected), and the action itself does not mean anything to write about. The movie is quickly edited and the camera is too redundant. Seagal is not as active as it used to be, and its action scenes are narrowly arranged where it's hard for us to see it pull out its enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he is underestimated as always (.. is not a compliment). Another disappointing fact is that Seagal never battles a hand in the face of the main villains of the film, it's a shame. It does not even break the wrist or knock the neck in any visible way (.. surely we see a slight resemblance to some throwing tool, but it's not as clear as I enjoy it because the filmmakers have such a quick editing and spinning close-ups).
