Furi's flight begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test of the X-77, a new combat aircraft that can literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his supreme pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) a job and everything goes well until the KS-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted while Ratcher flying to northern Afghanistan and delivering him to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday was led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use X-77 to not enter the US airspace and drop some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of an airplane and sends a man from the Army of John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to return him and kill all the bad guys in the process ... This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film directed by Seagal after the equally terrible Shadov Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), luckily someone decided that the partnership was not working and the unobserved public were fortunately spared any kind further cooperation between the two. Obviously, Flight of Fury is almost a scene for the Black Thunder word (1988) word starring Michael Dudikoff with a lot of the same character who even shares the same name so the same dialogue can be used and without the maker I have to change things like are the names, although I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore I can not compare the two. Furi's flight is a horrible movie, a badly made and written loss of time that Seagal specializes in these days. It's boring, although not so slow, the characters are poor, the clichés are full, things happen by accident, the plot is bad, the reasons behind the events are not there and it's a very lazy production that did not convince the viewer that they are near Afghanistan or to respect the proper military procedures. Action scenes are poor and there is no real excitement; villains are boring as heroes and there is the worst that Seagal did. The Furia flight looks to have been made to a great extent. A stock that does not even match so well, the background can change, people's clothing changes, the area is changing, the sky and the quality of the movie are changing very rapidly, as it's obvious that we're looking at clips from other (better) movies. Hell, Seagal never goes anywhere near the plane in this. Action scenes consist of shots that are so badly arranged that it's hard to tell who is and of course Seagal breaks down human weapons. The whole production feels very cheap and worthless. IMDb thinks it had a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is totally garbage, I mean if it's where all the money went? Although stationed in Afghanistan, which is a war-torn desert, Furi Furi's flight appears to have been shot in my local forest, it is actually shot in Romania, and Romanian villages do not make convincing Afghanistan. The acting is terrible as would have been expected and Seagal looks re-recorded. Flight Furia is a terrific action movie that is boring, amateur and almost certainly remake for another movie. Another really lazy and poorly-produced action thriller from Seagal, why do I bother anymore?
