Wider eyes, hysterical hyper-vedrina that gives new meaning to antisocial, pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson will leave you to pray for mercy. It's a pity that all the people involved in making this movie are now dead (or in nursing homes). Somehow I thought I would sue them for torture. As this film began to release its shamefully aggressive operative attack on my poor, helpless drums, I felt a moment, a powerful pain that swept my whole being. That damn muscular vibrato can tear down Soviet tanks into tiny pieces, unusual glass. "Why did not you switch the channel if you did not like it?" You are wondering angrily. Honestly, right ... The answer is that I wanted, but the pain was so sudden and terrible that I fell to the floor, crying in agony. With my last energy input, I tried to get to the remote, but I could not. Nivn discovered a dumb fisherman with questionable talent singing with a boring voice of opera, which then switches to "push him". Lanza is in love with asymmetric Grayson, but predictably treats her with contempt until she finally joins. This may look like a pretty slim plot, but this noisy movie is so full of singing and music that there is no dialogue at all. This film is irreversible. Forget the torture of hippies and prisoners of war with Slaier's Reign In Blood (as in the South Park episode). Regardless of the little talk among stupid adults who are attacking this strange music world in the 1950s, it's all infantile - as if they were all 6 years old that mimic adults. I can only envy people who think such films are so funny. It must be great to be easy to pray: what would have been a miracle if I could only enjoy any funny old gaga as a hilarious comedy. But let's consider this phenomenon, the musical of the 50's. My best guess is that musicals from the 50s offered idealistic ones who dreamed of a day in us insight into utopia or paradise (depending on whether you go church or Lenin's grave), or at least a cheese version of these fantasies-inspired places. TTONO is more like representing hell, but it's just me. It does not look like I'm getting "musicals." People are talking, there is a story - but then suddenly everyone begins to sing for about 4 minutes, after which they suddenly calm down, and then they pretend that nothing unusual happened! When you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science film. Worse, TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, btv) is not only a musical from the 50's, but also operative skuealing. Opera is proof that there is such a thing as over-casting - to the point where it becomes a weapon that penetrates into the ear, not a means of achieving the satisfaction of the listeners. The clearest example of this tragedy is when Lanza and Graison unite their loud power to Dark Side for a truly unbearable duo. I tried to reduce the volume. I dropped it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then I lowered it to 1, which is usually so low that only specially trained dogs and certain types of toothpicks can hear it, and yet I could hear these two saliva as donkeys ! Take the scene in a small boat in the river. Danza starts with one of her deafening melodies that kill the brain, and then ... nothing. There are no animals. Even crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, have everything, but they are left. If you look carefully, you may even see the trees change color from green to yellow in a few minutes. No, it was not a mistake in continuity, it was an old old flutter of torture. And these trees are just matte pictures! Imagine how the trees really reacted. The reason why the glass breaks when the high C pops out of the thick stomach of the opera scream is not due to physical laws that apply to waves and frequency, but because the glass is only human - so it can only take as much pain before committing suicide by spontaneous self-explosion. I can listen to the loudest, least friendly death metal band for hours, but give me a minute soprano and get a headache.
