It is said that "the city on the hill can not be hiding" and Virginia Citi, Nevada, located on the Mt. Davidson at 6200 ft west of Tahoe is the best example, or in the context of the movie, it should be. Virginia Citi exploded in the American dream as a shower of gold and silver, dubiously the same year as the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; there young reporter Samuel Clemens began to use the name "Mark Twain" and became the most famous American writer. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's wealth and the launcher of John MacKay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made a movie about him! In 1860, in Virginia, it was a city where all boomts, a home of great bonanza, were at one time the largest "metropolitan" area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia Citi (film) misses all this and is more about the North / South duo of souls between the characters played by Errol Flinn and Randolph Scott. Flinn is captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp run by a cruel commander of the Confederacy named Captain Vance Irby, starred by Scott. These two are always interconnected. Bradford escapes and then tries to prevent the shipment of golden leverage to "pull" from the VC by someone else. . . Irbi! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Terrible. Bogart plays a funny Mexican bandit who can not decide on which side he is. Miriam Hopkins plays a dark person called "Julia Haine", apparently a historic hit of the first lady of the city, Julie Bulette, who in real life was a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and talks to honest Abe about rescuing BRADFORD (not Irish) from hanging and blah blah. Imagine. It was supposed to hang a writer. In "real life," Tvain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun sparked an American flag atop Mt. Davidson will look confused by the inhabitants to get crazy, like a movie. Three days later, they discovered that South capitulated that day. An interesting joke in the movie is that rebels Alan Hale and Guin Villiams move their pistols forward when shooting, as if fishing, or trying to make bullets go faster. It's not a bad idea for a movie. The same kind of nonsense is drunk over the juice and corn through the film. God, how can they miss the golden madness, the devastated wealth, the pistol fight in the mines of silver, Mark Twain to escape from the city and beat him after counting, a distorted railroad, a fire at Opera, Artemis Ward, Buletina huge funeral, Chinese pliers, black salons , auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by a desert? The truth was unreal. Was his fantastic fortune truly caused by the great American Holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it would not be the first debacle from Virginia Citi. This is a disappointment for fans of Virginia Citi because it misses what the city has done "the city of illusions," where it is said that evil is coming out of the country. . . Ok, besides, it's a fun movie. Flinn and the gang are always great regardless of the history they are destroying. If Flinn had just played his drum, I'd double my rating.
