San Francisco is a great city with great acting points. In this case, the filmmakers did not try to use the city. They have not even managed to fulfill even the most basic realistic details. So I would not recommend it to anyone based on San Francisco movies. You will not think, "Oh, I was there," you're thinking "how to turn the two-way fire arm / stinking lawn into a quiet hotel hall?" Some of the leaders used styles of speech on the east coast. It diminishes, but the acting has always been competent. It seems that the stories are shot in three different styles, at least in the beginning. The story of the Chinese quarter was the most effective and most interesting. The action is a poor, ripping scene for the scene from classic Hong Kong action movies. The originators had much more tension and emotional resonance, they were framed and better stepped. But the acting is fun and we can see James Honda and other luminaries. The white kid's Intro was meaningless. I think the filmmakers did not know what to do with him, so they left him freely structured and reduced. The father is an unusual attempt at Berkeley Liberal - indeed, people, everyone knows that not "groves" live in the ghetto - but his segments are the happiest. They gave up some good opportunities. Educated and exasperated on the West Coast, the asshole is a different type of juppies than they do in New York. They are equally unbearable, but they can always be different. That would be interesting; This was not. Hunter's Point intro was the most disappointing. It was the most productive of the three, and most stylishly the most exciting of San Francisco. You saw it before and you saw it was better. Even the video game was better! Despite the generic non-site and uncatchable scenario, these characters have the potential, the actors have talent, and something interesting begins to swing around an awkward direction ... about ten minutes before the end. A good concept is put in the wrong hands. PS, there is a missing shortage, see if you can guess which one.
