BIG LEAGUE: BACK TO MINORS (1998) ½ * Cast: Scott Bakula, Eric Bruskotter, Corbin Bernsen, Dennis Haisbert, Jensen Daggett, screenwriter and director John Varren 100 minutes Rated PG-13 and some violence) Blake French: Believe it or not, in John Warren's new comedy "MAIN LEAGUE: BACK TO THE MINORS" there's one funny scene. It consists of a sequence in which an angry trainer throws a baseball into the wall behind him just to hit him in the cement and bounced and smash him in the face. It's not a lot, but with the exception of a few lines, that's all that this movie can offer ... it's been said enough. This film is not only structurally disturbed, characteristically underdeveloped, predictable and poorly written, but simply too bad. Even uncritical members of the audience will hate this movie with everything they get. It's so familiar that it's not funny. How many times must the same film about sports be made? In recent years, we've seen the same material in "Air Bud: Golden Receiver", and how bad a movie is, it's worse. At least "Air Bud" was oriented to the family. The "big league back to minors" is too vulgar to see the whole family together on Sunday afternoon. It's too childish for adults. So, for whom is this movie? Teenagers? Older? People who are so desperate for fun, would you hire something like this? Film, like many others like this, has one basic point that it's trying to make: teamwork conquers everything. Yes, and that's a great morale to try to prove. It's a shame that we've already seen this and have taken off so many times over and over, that we have so little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in ballerina costumes. Where dumb spikers form their own routine "comedy comedy" mocking one liner to themselves as "They are shit", "These kids are quick to hit the clock with glasses," "This guy dropped out of the ball for some time to find something Lost - maybe it was his mind, "" Somebody needs to be drowsy, "and" ever sees that the sunset is as beautiful as that game. "Where characters have so little importance to each other that we never know them by name. And where the only honest scene of the lecture on team work is so unconscious is that it's almost funny. Major League Back to the raspberry is so bad; it stops its banal end in the middle of a good closing sequence. A good baseball team is coming back, they will just win and - the power goes off. I was thinking for a moment that this piece of garbage came to a conclusion, but in reality, its false ending scene is only to add a minute at run time. The film basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw so many stupid jokes that it's not funny. There is another kind of funny dialogue in which the coach and player talk to each other about why a long-time outfielder is no longer needed in that position. Coach's response: "You're too old, too slow and too fat." The player's reaction is to die. But this scene certainly does not make this film worthwhile, and certainly not a cent of your money is worth it. So, here is another terrible entrance into this genre of film, the other that is judged on its own script, which collapsed before it was seen, and the other that is so famous, looks like a game again. <br /> <br />
