Totally funny. If you know something about poker, you will find it absolutely terrifying, but also fun, because it's so meaningless. The shooter who made this film is obviously very religious and knows little about the poker game, but I doubt he has ever played over 3-6. (I think he does not know anything about golf.) Where to start. I saw better productions in the class of Intro to Film. The actors who watch this movie are Kueen Momma, Scotti Nguien and a loser who can never win poker. Everybody else is as wooden as they are, like bad porn actors. * Spoiler * The man with whom the movie starts in the introductory series is the only reason the film was filmed. He is a pedestrian who does not play poker and he never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid the movie. I can not remember the useless spending of money from this man who shelled for this pointless production. It's nice that he had such a useless role. In this movie there is very little poker. Much of the time is spent on useless secondary characters whose complications are not solved at all. Queen Mama has a scene where she steals a shov, throwing her loser out of the window and trying to throw out her brain. Also, the nameless Arabs in the store also give great performances when discussing whether to beat up or kill an old lady who steals them. Their subtle performances are easily among the most interesting films. That's why you are wondering why they tried to make all of these white people play traces. In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from the universe has somewhat more coherence. If you play poker, you may want to smile. Also, if you are Christians, you may enjoy some of the serious religious conversations that will appear as meaningless peppers. I hate films made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they do not know anything about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguien joined this travesty because I can not help but think less of them. They must envy Johnny Chen as they entered Rounders.
