Enter the world of this movie for a moment, so you can better understand the kind of film we are facing here. Edison is one of those really stupid movies in which a bad guy and his pigeons let 50,000 bullets shoot at a good guy behind the walls and pillars to shout at them and then finally get to a good guy face to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting this guy who caused you so much better ... instead of just walking and POP! ..... What are you doing? A bad guy ... ... talking to him. He grabs a good guy and talks to him while holding a gun. They had nothing to talk about! PUCAJ! SHOOT HIM NEW! But he talks to him anyway anyway. One more thing. In the end, the newspaper writes "PULITZER PRIZE VINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or something upstairs on the front page of the paper, when the story was first printed. So, how did somebody beat Pulitzer for so fast? Yes, you know those types of stupid movies? It's good that Edison is the shortest. You got Mr. Morgan Freeman and somewhat harsh Kevin Spacey who both feature in their roles, LL Cool J, who frowns literally every moment of the film, while proposing to his girlfriend in the damn night club in all places, and who the last line of "Duck" is something of a deadly-fire film that has never been made ... and Justin Timberlake blushes and flares up nonsense every time he talks, a little lonely bastard The only bright spot was crazy Dylan McDermott to do his best "Denzel's training day "impression, what e was pretty fun. Oh, well, what's the movie then? Eh, something about scandals related to a city police unit from the special unit of Edison called "FRAT (I swear I'm not doing this stuff) which should have been an obvious SVAT game. In any case, the small journalist super singer Justin Timberflake smells something after murders in which there were 2 FRAT police officers, and he goes in search of a story, gaining his boss's (Freeman) trust, while both reveal something even greater and more evil than what they both thought. Blah, as a pelican short meeting, meets Half the training day. It's Pacing and the script was terrible, and the acting was extremely uninspired. She jumped everywhere without going anywhere. Everybody in this film just did NOT think: Curse what a stupid movie is, it's becoming more and more difficult to write any review because the movie left my brain another time when it was finished ... No lies. DO NOT waste your time!
