They must issue this draft action to all future film makers who arrive at the Hollywood bus station. Then fill in the gaps and place their story in any city or urban ghetto they just arrived. You know exactly what this film is about, since the beginning of the shooting, four young boys play in a grainy slow motion, followed by a voice through narration. The next station after the bus station has to buy a shot of four young men playing in a grainy slow motion movie. When it grows up, it's easy to spot a writer / director among four. He is silent, contemplative, a long one that can never be seen without his book on the composition drawn into his trousers. This means that his top talent for writing will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollivood. Just that there is no writing or talent management here. And if you still can not figure out who he is, here is an indication: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took me more than an hour to realize that these people from twenty years were supposed to be still in high school. What looked like a prison is obviously a high school, the manager turned out to be the chief. Once again, the poor, misguided insurgents can record everything in the film in sidewalk, murders and robberies, but are unable to confront their alcoholic. How about you get back, little, like the rest of you? Numerous first combat scenes without obvious purpose. Amazingly bad dialogue. Many scenes are poorly out of focus. Character characters continue to appear as important players and stats, drawing unintentional laughs from the premiere audience. Exaggeration in the extreme. And if you do not just understand important speeches, or slow-motion scenes, just listen to cool music. It will show you what you need to feel. Poor Marisa Rian has to collect many frequent flights while traveling around the country working in these amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the audience should feel sympathy for the children who burn old ladies, cross over puppies about wood, rob and steal, all the time complaining about their sad, sad lives. But if we could just get out of town and go to college. Yes, it's a ticket. Why does every twenty-one filmmaker believe that his past life is so important, so interesting that the world can not wait to see him on the screen? If this film is autobiographical as it seems, then it is better for the author to look over the shoulders of police officers carrying refugee orders.
