Soldier Blue is a movie with the pretensions: the pretensions to be some sort of profound statement about the inhumanity of man towards man, the exploitation of the white man and the brutality towards the indigenous peoples; A sharp, steadfast and sarcastic commentary on the horrors of Vietnam. Well, I apologize, but it does not manage to be any of these things. What is actually a blue soldier is harmful, rough, badly made, dirty garbage. Another reviewer hit the nail on his head saying that it looks like a hybrid of two completely different films. What is essentially a chromic, cliché, poorly acting romantic "odd pair" - Strauss and Bergen overcome their prejudices about the way of life of another and fall in love (ah, bless) - enriched two sick massacres that would not have been no excuse for disgusting , a prudent climax that is soaked in the mountains, in which cute little American children are variously shot, cut, broken and pinned in love. and a graphic close-up plan, and large breasts of Indian women were abused, raped, and burdened - without excuses, that is, besides the cashier. (The massacre, although repulsed in its erroneous intention, is very poorly set and recorded; the crowd of actors is lying around with a light red color sprinkled on them, intertwined with several sequences of special cutoff / discharge effects - randomly, this is what I call Forget about everything you've heard (including pointless comments that begin and end the film) about it's "protest", an indictment of American brutality to the indigenous peoples. This film does not say about Cheienne's embarrassment, that it did so it would contain will wave us to know and care about the immaculate, impersonal innocent people who are slaughtered at the peak. Instead, we get the silly romance of the white bread of Bergen and Strauss (bad actors, in this case), with lots of blood, wombs and cut heads that are attracted to the curious. It's a terrible disgrace, because there's a movie about the massacre in Sand Creek, about all the actual massacres in the United States (and Britain and all the so-called "civilized" nations) in which they participated during the centuries (Iraq)?). This is not simply this movie.
