STRANGER THAN FICTION made me so angry that I applied to IMDb just to write this review. STRANGER THAN FICTION is a surprisingly complex, touching and thoughtful movie to the very end. Once you stop the multiple logic failures (why did Vill Ferrell not hear the voice of Emma Thompson 10 years ago when she began to write her book?) The phone rang. The phone rang again. .), the film provokes someone's thoughts about mortality, fate and sacrifice. The brief history of the literary topics given by Dustin Hofman should especially entertain the former English studies. And Maggie Gillenhaal is always a pleasure, although Vill Ferrell could equally easily be an ax killer as an unpleasant soul. Her rapid trust in him is a big big step in the faith. Ah, but the end. To the very end, I would give 9 out of 10 stars to this movie. Film as a metaphor for a lifetime, as a recognition of the idea of ​​'writing truthfully', as a reminder that great literature or comedy or tragedy, but not both, is remarkable. The whole movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment of fate Vill Ferrell. And no matter how popular the character he has become, we know very well why we will accept the end. The last act is happening, the screen becomes white, the credits turn. A deep and powerful end to a perfectly perfect movie. A place to be discussed for weeks. NO !!!!!!!!!! No credits. Say it's not like that. Let's say Hollywood has not accepted 10 minutes of shit that completely undermined the integrity and heart of the film. Dustin Hoffman correctly understood it when he said: "It's no longer a masterpiece, that's fine." Suitable movie review. Except for me, it was not even fine. I have been so insulted by the publication of 'writing truthfully', about the decision to start the film, and I actually got into a tearful tear by explaining it on the way home from the movie. I do not cry often. I was a bit worried about most movies, but I'm still angry about this. My questions for writer Zacka Helm are as follows: did the original movie end when the screen became white? And did the vampire movie make you get caught up to an end that was unbelievable in the core of the film? Or did you caught the maudlin finishing on? I read that you were brilliant. I hope your original script was the first to complete the movie. I know that Zack Helm will never see this review, and I have not managed to find a contact for him to ask myself. But, please, movie viewers, am I the only one who feels so strongly about STRANGER THAN FICTION? One good thing came from me when I watched this movie: I'm now doubling.
