Now I will be the first to admit when I say something that can be blasphemous or unjust, so I would apologize in advance because I was talking about how much I dislike this film. It sums up. I do not like this movie. To be more precise, I did not like the concept of this movie. Cinema was good. The mood was nice. And the acting was satisfactory. However, the story is stupid, vague and misleading. It's also offensive. I am an Indian with a quarter of Cree, and for some reason I feel offended, on a personal level, by the nature of the Whitaker character. First, he's a black man. And this is not a racist remark, I swear. The idea of ​​a white, Latin American or even Indian American swinging of the catamaran on the roof offends everything that the katana presents. Katana represents the soul of the samurai, absorbed by the souls of its ancestors who lead and protect the samurai. If the Spirit Dog uses its weapons instead of Katana, it is also an insult to blade and soul inside, and where did the devil ever get Katana? That must be one of those replicas, which even more offends the Samurai caste. Also, Ghost dog has not shown any honor. At the end of the film, he throws the bodyguard back in the window, and then kills a man by shooting him in the face through the drainage of the tap. Not only is it a cowardly way to kill an enemy, it's more like a ninja's way; silent assassins; a group that the samurai denies exists, but does not hate anything less. Then he tries to kill his boss when he finds out that his boss is bad. Do you know what a real samurai is doing when he finds out that his master is bad or unskilled? He kills himself, to prove that he would rather die, then go down to the level of his master dog. Everything about the figure was a huge contradiction to the right code that all Samurai adhere to: Bushido. So, we have excellent cinema, a good atmosphere and so acting, which includes a satiricle plot and premise, (which is, unfortunately, the most important aspect), making it an unsatisfactory overall film, and insulting everything honest bushi (samurai ) keeps it dear. 2.5 / 10 Bleah
