When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE VILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door with unheard views of graphic film ultra-violence, he did so with a talented (if marijuana whiskey marinated) a hand that led the camera and had a convincing story with characters who had real depth. , but at no time did there be any flats of imitators that fell far from the repertoire set by Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely belongs to this category. MILITARY BLEV, er, PLAVA is telling a story about a misdemeanor. New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) is a blond proto-hippie fish that has been "saved" from two years of "captivity" among Cheienne and is now sent to a fortress where she will reunite with a fiancé wants to marry her money. Also, the car in which he is traveling is a shipment of government gold, a cash that Cheienne needs to buy with weapons, so in a short time soldiers are wiped out and Crest flees into the hills, accompanied by Honor Gunt (Peter Strauss), a lonely surviving horseman. Calling Ganta Snark with the nickname "Soldier Blue", Cresta shows that her age among the "savages" was a good time, surpassing Ganta in survival skills, common sense, and clean balls, and on their way to the fortress they have to fight against elements, groups the hostile Kiwi, an unscrupulous trader? played Donald Pleasance, here he gave one of his funny performances, and that's what he says? and, in the tradition of many previous western-set romantic comedies, each other. During its unhappy cases, two opposites are inevitable ?? and predictably ?? Attract each other and eventually end up on it? while Gant has a freshly wounded wound from a bullet that passed through his leg, no less? in what was certainly the only suitable cave for at least half a radius of twelve miles that was not full of rams, mountain lions, or who knows what, not to say anything about Sean, who could do something real with such an apartment ( I'm going there, I'm thinking about real estate in New York again). Realizing that their love can never flourish outside of the cave, Cresta leaves Gantus and comes to the fortress alone to find out that the moron in charge is not going to spare a couple of men so that they can rescue Gant; the regiment should have all available personnel to attack the nearby Cheienne village, and when Cresta gets the wind, she goes past her unfortunate rosy husband and goes to Cheienne to warn them of what is coming. What's happening next is what the movie got its shame; it turned out that all the crippled accidents and quarrels were merely a prelude to the abominable reconstruction of the 1864 sandy brook massacre, an orgija of rape, torture and general sadistic evil performed in the name of "keeping the earth clean". and nearly forty years after his release, this series still upset and tormented for its pure cruelty. Children are trampled under the hoofs of filling horses or raining on bayonets, unarmed people are cut off? Nice effect, must I admit? Women were seized and looted by gangs of lousy animals, then raped and mutilated? In a really painful case, a naked woman's wife is too struggling, and her rapist instead decides to cut off her breasts, which, fortunately, we see only in the beginning before the camera moves to another chronic thing? and dozens of innocent people were shot and crushed, their constituent parts were spiked and waved in a victorious celebration or were guarded as the most cruel souvenirs. Without a joke, this scene would immediately get the NC-17 rating if it was released today, not to talk about the possible incitement of US interest groups to riot in the streets due to the incredibly exploitative way in which the crimes were shown. I am for Zagreb people who are not afraid of honest views of how the West has been beaten or stolen if the truth is said, but this film has no idea what kind of film it wants to be; One minute is a pseudo-hippy lecture on how the treatment of indigenous people was completely exhausted (well, DUH!), then it is a carefree battle full of farms in which Cresta is proven five times by man Gant and manages to look hot in his delicious red stream pony (without the lower limit), but that everything goes through the window when Donald Pleasance appears with an unintentional (?) cluttered pair of dental prostheses, and our heroes must understand how to escape from his killer claws in the underworld which is not going anywhere, all of which culminates in the above-mentioned apocalyptic climax. Any of these spears would be good for a coherent film, but the end result is a mess that has shaken the horror of its last ten minutes for everything that was worth promoting movie and poster. But trying to be all for the entire audience, MILITARY BLUE ended up as an inconspicuous, preacher Mulligan's goulash probably a benevolent political correctness, but if they wanted to tell the story of the Sand Creek Massacre, would not it be a good idea have some Indian characters who were more than just walking with Murphy Brovno who was their messenger? We absolutely do not know anything about people who have been erased solely because of what appears to be a rough fabrication in order to attract higher viewers of movies to see "the most lively film in history." If you, like me, were intimidated by provocative advertisements and criticisms that are almost indefatigably praised for being "dared to say it like", take my word for it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly disappear in the movie darkness.
