This is a well-exhausted story about a man who marries to escape the scourge of the executioners, and then "tame" his reluctant young woman. He succeeds in being sexist and racist at the same time. We never find out, for example, why a woman who won the respect of an Indian warrior is unable to confront her ex-wife. Or why the members of her team are so eager to come to the right man in the saddle when she seems to be worried about things. This made sense only in Hollywood in the fifties. There is a really stupid scene in which he walked and he actually catches the whip - the second time - and then he pulls out of the horse. It does not matter that he probably lost his eye for the first time, which would be pretty hard to catch for a whip! Then, he prevails in the fight against her Indian bodyguard where she spends the first two thirds of it getting a beating on the pulp. This is the second wind. Later, he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty Indians (like everyone in these shifts) after they have been dismissed, she is his "skuav". It does not matter what he has zero diplomatic skills and she has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he continually rejects her attempts to seduce him only to keep her in the eye and prevent her from keeping him - yes, that's right. Just like women just throw it to him all the way. Finally, none of the leaders is convincing in their roles. Madison is just a jerk that becomes unrealistically happy. Fleming flutters her hair and frowns, but is totally inconceivable as a hot guy. The only reason you would root it out is that you want to see Madison tied up to a fugitive horse and to climb over the cliff before the end of the movie. The way Madison asks Fleming is so predictable and there are so few obstacles that she will irritate you if you see women as anything but the dolls. Even if you see them as puppets, a complete lack of uncertainty will bother you. Total loss of time. Even the landscape is boring. Give this gentleman a big mistake.
