LL Cool J performed much better in this film I expected! He did an incredible job as a "rebellious" cop in the "Departure" department. From the very beginning it does a great deal of work for the empathy of the viewer according to its character and the troubles it is in. It acts as a sort of "gentle diva" - a person whose rude externality can frighten anyone, but whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very beginning - and doing an incredible job. He was quite obviously the best character in the film. It was certainly a performance that will not win any Prize Morgan Freeman. After playing in powerful films such as Shavshank Redemption, this film was definitely a step backwards. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his real talents as an actor - and in the sense of conglomerating characters, he was sadly placed on the back burner. There are so many ways in which his character (Moses Ashford) could play a key role. That he was not disappointing and that he was true. I was hoping to see more of him in this movie. Timberlake was supposed to stay in the music industry. His presentation of a young journalist was bad and elusive. This film is a typical action movie that (at least initially) has some similarity to corrupted police affairs LA experienced in the past. Being an action movie, it has its share of shooting, blood and intestines. These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of a movie is very little uncertain about what will happen at the end - think of what you would normally expect in the conflict of good policemen / bad policemen - and that reminds me a little of REAL police videos What troubled me most was the way in which Timberlake's character was acting during the shooting. It starts with rifles and does not use them. Then when he finally gets to one, he fires him like shooting from his rifle all his life. Then his bullets run out and there is no pistol - and 30 seconds later, without moving or anything - suddenly there are 2 full pistols and extra ammunition ?! Few mistakes in this game really destroyed the movie for me. If what you are looking for is an apparently fictional action in a fantasy world where everything is turning, then you'll probably love this movie. Personally I do not care what type of film is as long as it is real. Make me believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictitious in many aspects that I felt unhappy.
