The documentary revolves around Eve Mozes Kor, a surviving Holocaust, part of Mengele's twin experiments, which consists primarily of his version of what happened in Auschwitz, and comparing the emotions of the other survivors of two experiments. The film obviously had great criticism. It is one of those topics that nobody dares to say the opposite opinion. And I, in a large part of the film, sucked in the emotion that the film maker so obviously wanted the viewer to concentrate on. One of the user reviews of Eric Monder (apparently having nothing to say critically about the issue at a public forum) could be found only by the sweetest nectar. "In one of many dramatic sequences, as a group of Jews argue with Koro in the Jewish Center, even the meaning of the word" forgive "is being discussed, but the isolated and superseded Kor keeps" But at this moment, the gloomy posture that the film had on my a dormant emotional repertoire has sufficiently relieved that I could clearly see it again. After "strong will" Eva Kor forgave her "Nazi kidnapper", the film begins to deal with the issue of forgiveness, at least from the point of Kor. The film goes after her, her public statements have been postponed for the Nazis and the new territory. To me it was the flesh of the film, surrounded by an unbreakable fat of its "act of forgiveness". Obviously, it was a very sick cow. On a mission to test her theory of forgiveness, to cure wounds from the past, she pierces the "promised country" to meet with some Arabs, to talk to them about the issues they face and to see whether the dialogue can not lead to a better understanding of the situation and is widespread in debates and talks with Jews in the United States about her act of forgiving to the Nazis, including one in the Jewish community. center in Chicago. From then on, anyone who is not so stiff that he can not see the screen, will hardly miss the obvious contradiction in his statements. First immediately notice her body language, defensive. and they do not want to listen in a room full of Arab scientists and teachers. Her comments on how she feared that she might be kidnapped shows how much that loss of time, effort and money is the whole act. Doctor Sami Advan (Professor of Education at Bethlehem University) gets quite right when she tells Cora for a statement about how she would rather sleep in her apartment. Finally, the debate at the Jewish Center in Chicago, where she "bakes" on the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so, in the light of those who continue to suffer through the trauma of the act. I will interrupt the search. By the end of the film, I was hoping I did not choose to watch a movie. The film was badly made, but did not go deeper into anything about Auschwitz except purely trivial, enough to ensure that the Holocaust is refreshed in the memory of spectators and to encourage the tear bar. It turned out that Kor, the subject of a documentary film, was not able to engage in a fair discussion. Her discussion abilities were limited to the paralysis of her attitude of forgiveness (at best) to the complete unwillingness to listen or participate. Finally, are all today so retarded that I can not notice the difference between creating peace and forgiving? Citing another IMDb user: "I do not see her forgiveness as weak, but on the contrary, she just wanted to free her soul from her soul, she wanted the suffering to end, and she let it go." That would be the perfect definition of a layman MAKING PEACE. I assume, in the world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness, there is no place to question those who have "passed more than human minds can understand". PS Dictionary definitely needs to go into all those lists that buy books that everyone makes.
