I love all kinds of movies, especially horror. In view of this, survival does not meet ANY of the hips that surround him. I can not give him any point of originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same topics, or transforming what others have done. He just became a cop for indie films to take us on a journey through a forest, a crazy killer, and recently inserted some crazy family. On these lines, I have to compare it with the likes of Tekas Chainsav, Vrong Turn (although the craft is obvious) and others. Survival drops to similar films. The action was not original in any way. Some movies can pass with a weak (and excessively done) action with top-of-the-line acting, special fk, or a host of other factors. Survival does not have any of this. If you like, keep in mind the following: The acting in the movie has never taken off. I do not knock or blame actors or directors. The dialogue was at best central, and the involved actors never showed (not saying they did not have) the talent to carry it out. I recall two points. The leading man in this movie certainly has a look, but I seriously think that you need to consider more training before he is ready to take the film. The actor who played Greg also had the potential, but we have never been able to see him (watch the movie to see why, you will not believe it). Ah yes, that little magical movie that took us to the glorious days of the films "Grindhouse". In today's filming, it became a trick. Either it works or not. In this case, it just does not work. Too many other mistakes happen, so it goes awry from the film, not adding it. In view of this, I think they did a good job by adding this grain. It's a good, quality grain. I think that with a different script, better direction, and perhaps even actors, they should try another Grindhouse attempt. He'll probably take it off. As for the technical aspects, in my opinion, they never even wanted for me. Better care could be taken with sound (it sounds like it was inserted directly into the camera, but there is nothing wrong with it) and that it was recorded on DV, it was too soft for my taste. It's all I have to say about .....
