WOW, THE END OF THE WORLD is a unique film experience. Here is a full story: a scientist gets messages from the universe (NEZAVISNOST day). The message says a massive catastrophe will occur, and then a scientist will later hear radio shows that a major earthquake occurred in China. He began to think that messages have something to do with disasters around the world, so he tries to understand who receives messages (and who also sends messages to the universe). He and his wife finally realize that the messages come from the monastery. They visit him. Everything seems normal, including a priest played by boring Christopher Lee. But the scientist is unwavering and truly believes that the messages come and go to that monastery. Thus, he and his wife are secretly returning to the monastery where aliens find them, disguised as priests and nuns. They stick against their will and the alien Lee Lee has forced scientists to get something they need to return to their planet. Once an alien gets a special element, aliens go one by one to their home planet in some sort of transport platform. Lee, as the last alien to the left, says the pair will be destroyed due to a sort of hockey decision by aliens. Lee enters the transporter and does not have it. A couple, watching monitors displaying images of natural disasters around the world, decide to follow aliens. Since the country is doomed to ruin, the couple do not see any sense to stay behind to walk around the conveyor and disappear. The latest film footage is the papier mache planet Earth explodes. The end. This is it. I never saw such a boring film in my life. It's the weakest movie I've ever seen. The scientist and his wife are the two worst heroes or protagonists who have ever been on the screen. They are not interested in anything. They see terrestrial disasters on the monitors and decide "what the hell, who needs the earth at all?" They do not even try to stop them or do something to make things better. Such a story may have worked that the film had a huge sense of disaster, but the action and the atmosphere did not exist. The actors and people behind this boring movement are going through their steps, so you can almost feel when they hit their cards when they came out and went back to work. I did not expect much from this film because it was the production of Charles Band, but I did not expect it to be so bad. Christopher Lee once asked himself what's his worst film ever made and he mentioned STARSHIP INVASIONS. Well, I'm sorry Chris STARSHIP INVASIONS was actually fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible, but terribly entertaining. THE END OF THE WORLD is a lot, much, much worse: it's above boring and inert, without any entertaining value.
