This is available on the "Dark In The Dark" movie from Dark Ski Films, and since I just finished "Barracuda," I watched this too. This is a movie that at the same time proved incredibly ambitious and incompetent. We start with two young ladies wandering the streets of a foreign city, but where exactly are they? Stop looking at necklaces from a Chinese salesman and trying to wear Chinese-style clothes in the store, but then see some Aztec dancers? And all this time, these girls are followed by two guys, who eventually release any secret that they did not have to ride girls in the wild through the city and finally capture them. It seems that one of the girls has a coin on the tape around the neck, and these guys want to find a prey, and where did they get it? So, in flashback, we're going back to find out. And how did they know she had this coin? It's hard to say, really. Now, when these two women were 10 years old, they were with their sisters and the boys of their sister on board, and after stopping to get air in their tanks, pull this the young man back to his home, only to get his grandfather out and invite the "young" for herbal tea with her grandmother. But not all tea, Todd returned to the ship to check young girls, and then when they are far from him, the ship explodes, and when they return to their house, their friends are mysteriously gone. Well, it seems that these "kind people" grow their vegetables, but they wait for the meat to fall into the spell, and serve her herbal tea. But the girls and Tod left the island, but now they are returning, accompanied by their hijackers, and they are here to find treasure, despite the fact that no one ever showed the girls where it was before. There seems to be someone else on the island, and the robbers start mysteriously dying, one by one, and since there are only three, it does not last long. There is even some kind of happy ending, which will leave the viewer as confused as it was with the rest of the film. It seems that there are two rifle gangs with anger problems, and combined. Without acting ability, they are borderline ridiculous. The family row is also deprived of acting skills, despite the fact that grandfather Hank Vorden, who appeared in many films and TV shows. The action is confusing, the shops are even more confused, and the island looks like Southern California. So what the hell is this? I'm not sure, but it's definitely worth it to look once, so you can think (or say), huh? 4 out of 10, very bizarre.
