Although, I had no earthly idea of ​​what to expect from this film, this is certainly not what I would have in mind, that something really came to mind. When I heard of his existence, all I knew was that I must own a movie called Please Don't Eat The Babies. Unfortunately, I could find a copy under his alternate title, Island Fury. Looking back, I guess I could call it the loss situation. On the one hand, I still do not know to be known as a man who owns a movie called Please Don't Eat The Babies, and on the other hand, Island Furi will ultimately prove to be a terrible, meaningless, boring, insuperable piece of garbage. Yes, I definitely lost it. I'm not even sure about which genre they are here. Early 80s, with a flashback that could actually be longer than a non-flashback. First, two teenagers jur two bad guys, once caught, bad guys tell us that one of the girls has a coin on the rope around the neck, and somehow, these bad guys know a lot more of those coins hidden on an island. And this is where things get strange, somehow these guys know about the trip that girls went to an island, years earlier when they were only 10 years old. is. So, now we are in the past, while the girls are trying to return their steps, so that those bad guys do not kill them, though, I would not want to have them. In a flashback, 10-year-old colleagues are on a boat trip with sisters and sisters, eventually stopping on an island for air, mingling with some kid and his grandparents. No potential uncertainty or reason to continue to watch never appears, but this return was undoubtedly better than the present, which, however, does not speak much. For some time I've forgotten the original story, At one point, I thought that the director had it, and when the film was over, it would be the end that would help me with this disappointment it was shorter than half an hour. This pointless film in a senseless movie ends up eventually, and the real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I did not exactly expect a movie filled with babies that were swallowed, or something like that, but I expected some sort of strange B-party, mostly just a confusing, incompetent story, insecure in my genre. My advice would be to look for something worthy of the attack of a creature of a beast. If anyone, I would recommend this to only serious B-film collectors who must have everything, and anyone else interested probably has brain damage. What really brings me is that I still have no idea why they called it Please Don't Eat The Babies. 3/10
