I do not remember when I last reacted to the show as emotionally as I did to Justin Timberlake in Edison. I became so emotional that I wanted to scream with pain, destroy the screen, readily accept the hopeless screams of nihilism. Timberlake is terribly wrong; In fact, casting him is as though Andy Dick played the main role in "Patton" or Nathan Lane to play Jesus. But it's almost meaningless. Timberlake is simply a bad actor and he would be equally terrible in any role. I used to have had problems with the acting talent of Ben Affleck, but Timberlake makes Affleck like Sir Ian McKellen or Lady Judy Dench. With his metrosexual leaf, his boyish views and emotional expressions that emerge from something like "25 cliche expressions for actors", he runs a screen on which he is ruthlessly applied, and no matter how you cut him off, he will not buy his role as a journalist who became an amateur and became a crusader. They just will not fly. However, Timberlake himself is not guilty of his failure. Director David J. Burke places him not only in the (essential) primary role, but puts him on the side of Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacei, John Heard, Dylan McDermott, Cari Elves and (I'm surprised he was good) LL Cool J I can imagine that someone who physically suffering from watching some of these actors interacting with Timberlake. Of course, this is positive: the moment when any of these actors communicate without Justin, it looks like a double relief. . Pleasure, if you want. Freeman and Space might not have more than 10 minutes of screen time together, but those ten minutes are blissful in contrast to their scenes with our so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air. But enough of Timberlake's strokes - words are not enough in this particular case to make a trick. "Edison" is a very, very young story of corruption. The plot moves from clichés to simply nonsense. I, however, admire the motivation behind it, which I interpret as honor for films such as "Serpico" or "Donnie Brasco," or maybe even "Chinatovn". Do not misunderstand me - "Edison" is not even in the same pillar as these films, but I can stretch out disbelief in order to admire her reason for existence, perhaps to justify my sitting through it. The Scenario, in itself, contains some surprisingly bad writing. Yes, there are some decent exchanges, but every conversation between Piper Perabo (who is lost here) and Timberlake seems to have been raised straight from the Davson's Creek episode. This is your typical, too glib-for-reality, let's impress the dialogue between the audience and how-to-articulate (and not). This dialogue, watch out for you, is accentuated with great music at the wrong moments - sometimes it feels like "Edison" wants to turn into a music video, where the emotions of the scene do not communicate through the acting, but precisely through poorly chosen music and the speed of a variant movie (slow reading). Thinking about it, "Edison" is curiosity. It is certain that the actor was killed, but the performances were disrupted by Timberlake who simply did not work. In the film as in most arts, if one thing is turned off, the whole thing feels. Directors must make difficult decisions. David J. Burke missed the sign. Some of the scenes play by themselves, but as a whole, they do not look like they fit into puzzles from different riddles that are forced to an inconspicuous picture. And it's not a particularly exciting puzzle to start.
