I hate to sound like an 'old person', but honestly, I did not see too many movies that I liked after 1960 ... mostly, movies seem to get worse and worse (although I enjoyed Scott Baio) "The Bread, Mi Sveet", except for the "de rigeur" ​​sex scene that added NISHA to the value for the film). This film makes a mother, a former Las Vegas girl, as if she is unable to survive herself, although she is obviously in her 50's (though she hinted that she was in her 40s). I did not buy it. I am 57 years old and like all the women I know in my fifties and forties, more than I am capable of surviving (as I worked since I finished high school at the age of 13, I got legal emancipation and started my life. A daughter is not convinced in her role in the business ... she gets a promotion she does not deserve (a great opportunity) and throws the ball, but when another woman's employee progresses on the plate and is ready for delivery, the writers killed her as 'opportunists' when she was just doing what Whatever a career-oriented person would do - exploit having a wide open opportunity created by the lack of self-confidence of her colleague's discipline, a girl who obviously does not understand the concept of respecting her promises (to her boss, in this case). The daughter reluctantly 'allows her mother to stay with her , on a temporary basis, but then treats her mother (a woman who gave her life and raised it to 'adult age') as a pariah. Obviously, the "writers" of such jokes do not realize that it is NOT "the usual thing" for PARENTS to behave like children, and then HIS children are treated as children. It's more of a social "nonsense" Hollywood tries to tear us down as if we, their audience, are stupid that we want them to entertain their creative offerings. This is a sad movie with a stupid ending. If a young restaurant was a real, not a two-dimensional 'tv figure', it would stay with MALE, which was not much older than him and was pretty attractive. But in the end, she "falls" upon her daughter, a shallow, rather uninteresting girl who has this youthful youth, but in an ordinary, mild manner. (The 'opportunist' young woman who worked with this girl was not much more attractive, physically.) There was no compelling reason to the audience about why the restaurant preferred a daughter (which was tense, selfish, focused , who treated her mother with incredible disrespect) towards her mother - a woman who was cordial, sweet, witty and had vigor, and her daughter could not even begin to understand. Of course, the mother had her own defects ... she reacted to her husband's death by drank herself a year or two after that, which allegedly created a gap between her and her daughter. Regardless of the way the characters were or were not developed, this is a movie about balloons and wasting your precious time to watch, unless you really like nonsense. (Where is mustard?)
