When the book of the book seems meaningless and incomprehensible, the cause can always be found in the book: it was meaningless to begin with it, or it is a point that can not be easily transferred to the movie, or the film missed the point, which is the most common of these results, and the easiest It happens, especially when it can not be easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt it and felt as if he had acquired it; but I guess most of them could not say it in words. I'm not sure I can, yes, but maybe it comes, or something like this: Things are coming, things are going, such is life, but we continue; or in any case, some of us - people like Morvern - are working. There is no doubt that a more educated critic could make a more adequate definition. But the important thing is the fact that there is a point - perhaps the sum total of the story - and that it would be the main thing to keep in mind, and to be transferred, in adjusting the story to the movie. The producer of this film has obviously missed the point and does not confuse any of his own; and therefore the film is nothing. This is not a common complaint of the lover book that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I admit displeased: in her reading, I discovered that this is a damn impediment and a chance to shoot the author in his pants and his quest to finish the job. The story should be the work of semi-educated Morvern, but this illusion is constantly dispersed with about a dozen different types of literary effects, as if the author pierced it with a pen; there are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different parts were assembled at different times; and all the conclusions I came to Morver had to remain provisional because it was uncertain what implications the author intends and which he is not: for example, despite Morver's self-characterization as a rejurer, did I mistake that ultimately remains essentially a working Scottish girl , and below its coverage of music downloads is not so different from those of the past generations? In any case, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of his character, her corner to the world, which was almost as vivid as the Goia portrait. Morvern is the type of person who always encounters situations at the same time quite comical and rather terrible; occasionally calls them, but more often they adhere to it, like flies, so that much of her life consists of some kind of skinny, but graceful devotion, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and it does not begin to describe it idiosyncratically enough. The complex of incidents and Morver's responses to them are the essence of the book, and its attainment, it would be difficult to shed light on in the discovery of the cross-section of existence; For my repulsion towards the book, I see this. The described Morvern is not Morvern movie; or if it is, most of it is kept out of the screen. An actor who may have fitted the character, whether it was the right year at the right time, is Angharad Rees from the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton would then look like a good casting: she is pretty much the same kind of actress, and in one of her earlier films, "The Son of Jesus," she played a girl who, with a few adjustments, could be turned into this. Unfortunately, as the film turns out, it does not have a character in the book. First of all, the book is the one which, if it wants to dramatize, practically calls the audience on the monologues by the main character; Without her comments, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of its meaning. He lost more in the fact that the adaptor read it from his comic and horrible elements: the most striking incidents in the book are limited before they turn into grotesque, and so Morvern's answers (whether entertaining or disgusting, depending on her mood) are missing , and the incidents no longer have a reason to be in the story. In short, for some reason, the director chose to transform a lively, serio-comic novel into a gifted artistic TV film, and chose for her typical picture one of Mrs. Morton lurking in artistic shadows; as if the departure of Morvern was for a tour of the Crossroads. It's not at all what the book or Morvern books are. On the other hand, the Morvern film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the accent), and it should be: it is important that she, her family and her friends are all from one place. Finally, the film lacks the end of the story: Morvern uses everything he has and returns home in an iceberg: winter is, the dam is frozen, the force is gone, and the pub is dark. Minus this, and everything else, what remains is an unsuccessful artistic film, a dead film, about the subject whose strength lies precisely in its rejection, or inherent incompetence, ever to be handed over to the dead.
