After watching dozens of episodes, I decided to give up this play, because it unrealistic illustrates what mathematical modeling is. In the episodes that Charles predicted the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models, I thought my profession was joking. I am not a mathematician, but a chemical engineer, but I work a lot with mathematical models. That is why I will try to explain to the layman why what is shown is close to "inventing" fairy tales. First, choosing the right model for predicting the situation is a demanding task. Charlie Eppes is portrayed as a genius, but even he would have to spend a lot of time in exploring for the appropriate model, especially for trying to guess what someone would do or where it would be in the near future. Individuals are unpredictable and random, there is no modeling for them. Isaac Asimov even wrote about this in the fifties. Even if there was a model for a particular type of individual, it would be probabilistic (stoichastic), which means it has a good chance of making a wrong prediction. Secondly, let's assume the real model for someone found the situation, the parameters of the model must be known. These parameters are constants of equations, such as gravitational acceleration (9.8 m / s2), and often are not easy to determine. Again, Charlie Eppes should be someone outside the genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses. After selecting models and parameters, they should be tested. Unusual, they are not, and they fit perfectly into the situation that is predicted. Thirdly, a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected, not just numbers, but also science. -fi movies: the computational effort required to solve these models. Try Excel to solve a complex model with many equations and variables and you will find performing Herculean work. Even if Charlie Eppes has the right software to solve his models, he may be stuck with hardware that will be terribly slow. Even with the right software / hardware combination, a model solution could take days. They straighten them! I could use his computer in my research work, I would be very pleased. As a drama, it's far from being the best performance. The characters are somewhat stereotypical, but they are not even funny as they are in the Big Bang theory. Crimes are boring and the way Charlie Eppes deals with them sometimes makes the FBI quite incompetent. For some laymen, the show could succeed. For others, the way things are processed makes it difficult to swallow!
