Once again, Canadian television is outperforming and creates another show that will remain unattainable after the episode of the premiere. The last time I remember that comedy was supposed to provoke a reaction that we call laughter in business. How ridiculous is it to beat the stereotype that all white people think that all Muslims are terrorists? Okay, maybe just a joke just to get massaged. But not 30 minutes. It's called the beating of a dead horse. Even the SNL would know how to give up after the advertisement. Also, let's have a little clash in these scripts. Will she or will she not be able to serve sandwiches with cucumbers to smash a post in Ramadan? When will Ramazan begin? Ohhhhh, this is Emmy's winning thing here. A character! What characters?! They are all cut out of cartons, without anything interesting that they would like to follow us from one situation to another. It's the point of situational comedy. We need to have strong, interesting, dynamic characters so that we are constantly attracted to the television every week. We need to take care of these characters to take care of what the trouble will come next week. If I never see these signs, it will be premature. Fortunately, I can not remember any of their names (CBC note - this is not a good sign). The acting is so brazen. This is more a problem in casting than in actors. None of these people actually embody the characters they play. It looks like they're working on the movie of the week. Sitcoms require actors who live and breathe that character - to fall in love with them - where they become inseparable from the character being displayed. Look at any American sitcom and you'll see how many characters are easily recognizable. Part of the problem is that the actors treat this project as if it could be a platform for bigger and better things, instead of being their one big life life for which they will spend the next 8 years displaying. This level of lack of interest in characters and project shows. But to be honest, given the poor concept and terrible writing, actors do not have much to do, than to say their lines and try not to come across any furniture. As the other commentator mentions, this looks like a TV movie, not as a comedy. And there is a direction or a disadvantage! What can I say, Canada has so much talent, see what Comedi Channel does with Puppets Vho Kill and Punched Up. See Trailer Park Bois (not a movie, because it bites a big helium). Look at any American play to see the potentials of our talent, because many of our stars are going to find dignified work there. . Remember the "One"? No - so do not even try to learn the names of the characters in this show, because they will surely go through dodoa. Ceeb comes out for a long time.
