This show is a perfect example of how CBC should keep up with news, sports or satirical comedies. As the creator of the situation comedy, CBC has shown that he can combine the pizza "King of Kensington" with the smile of "The Beachcombers". It's a shame for big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second Citi" that they have to share their comical roots with this ludicrous production. I must admit that I have not given this opportunity a lot of chances since I first heard about its concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to tear off one of several successes of the sitcom in English-Canadian history, "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - a cultural conflict - is far from being genuine and too often used as a lace to write screen laziness. The choice of Muslim religion as the basis for "fish from the water" character seems to be a desperate attempt to be "sharp" and "topical", but it comes as a forced one. Some of the jokes based on a local reaction to newcomers are the suppression of the challenge and fundamental insulting of the intelligence of all involved, especially the audience. This show is a perfect example of how CBC simply does not work. Do not "get" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when you represent Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada must not be presented in such a strong and cunning manner. It would be a refreshing change when the CBC introduced diversity into a television show, without showing all about the said diversity. I doubt that CBC has enough comedy talent to pull something so subtle. A comparison can be made with the way in which diversity is shown in Corner Gas - i.e. Indigenous people do not differ in ethnicity or use their heritage to generate a story. The more realistic, their lives and the lives of other characters intertwine in a way that makes ethnic affiliation more important than any other of their personal characteristics. It is said, even as the formulaic-out-of-of-water comedy this show is failing. The acting is poor, the comic walking across the map and the room for the story I saw was too beyond the suspicion of belief, even for comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly lost here. I doubt that even the addition of visiting stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the chance of a chance after the break of the CBC 'died'; but the two episodes were all I could endure - I could almost feel how my brains are closing in with every unsuccessful line. The weather would be better served by broadcasting several streets of Coronation, Air Farce or Dr. Vho. Even advertising would be an improvement.
