I would think that this film would be much better with Ingrid Bergman and Varner Bacter. Unfortunately, the film is suffering from hard-to-believe characters, as well as from the big problem with the land that some characters look like a brain. The film begins when Ingrid Bergman comes to work for the Stoddard family. Everything is so peachy and lively - the family adores Bergman and things can not be perfect. Well, that's until the mother (Fai Vrai) dies, the stock market collapsed in 1907 (she erased the wealth of her family) and Bergman was forced to return home to France. This part of the film is a little sticky, but not bad. Later, after family wealth has been repaired, Bergman returns. The four boys are now grown up and there is no real reason why they would recruit as a governor again. But, in short, everything is swelling again. But when the First World War happens, all four go to war - God! In the midst of that, one of the sons (David) brings home his new wife (Susan Haivard). The character of Miss Haivard is black and white like the others, although they are all good and lush, it is obviously an infuriated devil. To make matters worse, she comes to live in a family house while David is at war. Here's where the movie becomes really, really stupid - stupid stupid. Haivard starts an affair with one of David's brothers, but when his father sees the lover's silhouette, Bergman enters the room from the second entrance and pretends to be her, not Haivard with Jack! WHY?! Why would a normal person do it to save her ass obviously evil and bruised women? That was exactly the excuse Bergman needed to get rid of the sweatshirt once and for all! This is just a case of bad writing and made me mad ... and most probably the same thing happened to the audience in 1941. The rest of the film consists of an unsuccessful opportunity after the failure for Haiverard's evil exposure. This only flies against common sense and makes the movie a stupid melodramatic mess. However, as expected, the truth eventually comes out and everyone returns - happy that one beautiful beautiful family is free of hook, Haivard. Film suffers from bad writing. Haivard's affair made no sense - at least in terms of the way it is handled. And, having characters that are so good or evil (without anything in between), this film touches the level of second-hand soap. The only thing that saves it at all is acting - they tried the best they could with a tough scenario. It's enough to say that Columbia Pictures writers who shot this movie should be slammed with dead chicken!
