I just saw Adam Had Four sons for the first time and the thing that impressed me was to think that the model was Theodore Roosevelt and his four sons. They were about the same age as the four boys in this film. Varner Bakter, in his presentation of Adam Stoddard, spoke about the same values ​​and family tradition that you would hear from our 26th president without some noisy aspects of TR's character. Like all Stoddard's sons serve in the First World War, in this case, although the youngest only loses an eye, instead of being killed. But what if a female mink enters this man's household and breaks things? That's Susan Haivard's job. In one of her most prominent roles, Haivard is a flamboyant amorous girl who marries a son, has an affair with another and starts playing for the third. It's the early forerunner of what Oscar had done to her later in Vant to Live. I suppose that with a powerful model of decor, such as Theodore Roosevelt and Varner Bactor, it shows all the fears to tell your father what's happening. Sons and their Governor Ingrid Bergman. Here's where the shop smiles. Bergman was introduced to us as a governor engaged by Bakter and Fai Vrai's wife for his children. The doors are dying and Bakter suffers some financial reversals in the business. Bergman must be released. He returns to France and for years returns to his family when he grows up. I'm sorry, but I can not believe that children now need a governess. Haivard is quite right when she confronts her that her children did not return. In the normal course of things, Bergman would continue with his life. One of the previous reviewers said that a quarter to a third of the film I wrote. Perhaps this could be the reason for the many holes we have. It is a shame that Ingrid and Susan could not make another movie together in the 1950s when Haivard was at its peak and Bergman just made a comeback. Susan Haivard is the main reason to see Adam Had Four sons. And I'm willing to believe that a good part of Ingrid stayed on the floor of the cutting room.
