We all know that some of the biggest movies of all time are based on books. Although they were not particularly precise, these films were still great movies. Some of the great examples are the Harry Potter series, Lord of the Rings trilogy, and to a lesser extent, almost every Disney movie ever made. However, I must regret to announce that Bor is not one of those films at the time. Not only does it not meet some of the most basic expectations by fans Madlen L'Engle, it manages to counter the standards of script writing, acting, special effects and, finally, respect for the audience. Remember, I'm not trying to be mean; On the contrary, I went to this open minded affair. I thought it was made for T.V. the film would compensate for the lack of glare in its scenario. After all, "Star Wars" spin-off Evoke was decent, if a bit silly. When I think about it, the original Star Wars are made on a "lunch budget," and look at where George Lucas took! However, from the first scene onwards, the disappointment began to ring as if I was too close to the black thing while I was writing. In the same way that Greedo's shooting for the first time became the symbol of the Special Edition of Star Wars in 1997 (a disaster of monumental proportions in which the disgruntled director made some disgusting changes for the beloved classic), Mrs. Vhatsit officially Become My a personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that Bor is in time. The reason for this is the fact that it was mutated incredible. Apart from a somewhat controversial decision to cast Alfred Voodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite mentor, the actors decided to present her as a crow. That's right, crow. Moreover, the celestial centaurion form of this highly loved character is hacked by what appears to be a demented eight-year-old; a magnificent half-man, half-horses with wings, has become a huge human head with a grim smile that is clumsily placed on the body of a horse that is interrupted, and in the middle there is a pair of wings. If I were five years old, it would psychologically traumatize me for the rest of my life. The worst part is the fact that, when he spoke, he was shown from the back, in order to avoid the responsibility for the synchronization of the lips, which resulted in a scene that he watched in the back of the head and seeing one, immobile face, which shows a piece of special effects less credible care ET After we have pulled the hardest part, I have to go to the one who causes tears: characters, acting and story. Personally, I've always imagined that Meg looks something like Moaning Mirtle from Harry Potter movies: ordinary hair, glasses and figure that most supermodels would think would be funny. She was always a bit anxious, spiritually pessimistic mathematical genius that simply could not worry about Nicaragua's import and export. In the movie she is uncomfortable to everyone for whom I have no sympathy. In fact, it seems to me that I am sorry, poor Mr. Jenkins, the school principal, who has always dealt with her. Calvin, a kind, intelligent kid who everyone thinks an athlete has become an athlete! Irony is terrible. As for the unforgettable Happi Medium, they took a nice old woman who liked to watch happy things and replaced her with a "half-over" and liked to watch "funny" things, like girls falling from the swing. Only three people I can imagine who did a decent job are Charles Vallace, Mrs. Vhatsit and Man Vith Red Eies (called "Dude Vith Red Eies") for their complete rediscovery as a character. The story is a mess. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and an Azkaban prisoner who did not do a good job of checking the story found in the book, but retained only the original work. Here, the only part of the book is a pleasant conversation with Hades in the underworld, apparently unconscious that his body was destroyed. While the Dark Lord complements the only one in which he has shown that the truth must be felt and not seen, the flat wolves of Ichchel (who replace the miraculous beings who hold the aunt's beast in their ranks) tear their spine. As the God of the dead observed that the horror of Earth's Camazotz was subtle, the broken pages were shattered in a sandy storm and lost in the darkness of the earth of evil. I'm very sorry that this movie exists. I do not think the actors were really bad. It's the way in which characters are destroyed that destroy it. Leaves in time earned the adaptation of Lawrence Kasdan, director George Lucas or Steven Spielberg. In its present state, the film is inadequate to show itself to people who respect themselves. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the film was bad, and Mrs. Vhatsit was ugly. Result: 0.1 / 10 (if I could) Pros: <br /> <They had the right name. Disadvantages: They had terrible problems with the level of adaptation, scenarios, acting and special effects, not to mention the lack of evidence that he had ever read the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has a picture of three main characters riding on a flying horse across the castle. Some might say that it symbolizes a high adventure. I say that it symbolizes the irresponsibility of an artist who does not even bother with Photoshop Meg.
