(this might be a bit on the spoilerish side) I would like to start by saying that I did not watch the entire movie, nor could it because it was obvious from the first hour that I would be incredibly disappointed. This, of course, is a problem with taking, what many consider to be an incredible book, and turning into a Disnei Made-for-TV movie. Boring in time should have been turned into an incredible movie long time ago. She has a great story that could attract children and adults. Plus is embedded in quality attachments. But Disnei-fiing was not the way to go. The problem with the film is that all the things that changed them to turn them into a visual story calmed down what was so great in the book. It's a complicated and emotional story for kids. There was no reason to make Charles Vallace "psychic", as this was the easiest way to explain it. There was no reason to write a fight between three Mrs. V as an additional tension, in that story there is enough tension without it. There was no reason to remove Meg's glasses ... that deprived us of what could have been a very sweet scene between Calvin and Meg, which is happening in the book. I could talk about small things for days, but I also think that bigger things, such as the art direction, were excluded. Take, for example, the way Camazotz looked, with its unusually darkened sky. The wisdom that appears in the book is that Camazotz could be the Earth. It looks like a country. He has people on him who resembles people. The sky is blue, the grass is green and children are playing. But something went a little bit. Directors chose Camazotz to become a complete second, instead of taking a lesson in the book and applying it in the entire direction of the film. Of course, the lesson is that Camazotz could be Earth, that is, if we forget how to love. It would be much more awesome to have a beautiful afternoon while walking down the street with children who refuse the balls in the same rhythm. Unfortunately, I have not looked at the end. Maybe somebody can tell me how Disnei messed up the end. All in all, artistic disappointment. <br /> <br />
