I recently learned that Madeleine L'Engle's novel has been turned into a television film by Disney and commissioned a DVD. The book was my favorite when I was a child and I read it several times. Despite the fact that some of the actors do not resemble the characters described in the novel, the Murri family is well-thrown, with a nice (if it's too pretty) Meg in the center and Charles Vallace convincing as a child's miracle, not to become irritating. The first half hour is promising enough, doing a good job in establishing the relationship between the main characters and setting the scene. Unfortunately, as soon as non-human characters appear, the adaptation begins to fall apart and when children leave the country, the whole thing is falling apart. Alfre Voodvard is too young and too regal, as is eccentric Mrs. Vhatsit (I think Miriam Margolis or Joan Plovright instead) and Kate Nelligan's face is so fat and frivolous that she has been visited by plastic surgeon Faie Dunavai in recent years. For some reason they make it a lady who looks like Glinda from the Wizard of Wizard, when she looked like a benevolent Vicked Vitch from the West. In the end, what makes the worst of this this is terrible special effects and artistic directions. I realize this is a TV movie, but CGI looked like something that could have been done 15 years earlier. The centaur's incarnation of Mrs. Vhatsits is a disaster like Chevbacca as a suit for aunt Beast, which is in a novel a velvety, elegant creature instead of an unpleasant Big Foot as shown here. I could go on and on, almost every artistic choice is a disaster, probably because there was not enough budget to do this justice, but also because design work lacks imagination and good judgment. This would really require a sense of wonder that Spielberg has brought to his early films. What is the disadvantage that the current popularity of the adaptation of a children's literary fantastic series does not think about adjusting wrinkles in time and its extensions to the big screen, giving it the amount it deserves.
