At the beginning of the movie, you can check the DVD and re-read the synopsis several times, but do not worry. NOT "Memoirs of the geisha" you bought; just a movie with an introduction which is much more elegant and stylish than it has the right to be. However, the opening is by far the best thing in the entire film, as it shows that in 1840 the master of the sword of the samurai caught his wife in adultery. He decides to make two lovers before making some hari-kiri (ritual suicide through decay). To this day, when the American ambassador in Japan is waiting for a family of friends and takes them to the same house in which the aforementioned massacre took place almost a century and a half ago. From then on, it seems to be a seemingly routinely fake home typing, but the extremely retarded and incredible script still makes it a little extraordinary. Let's start with good aspects, namely the original Japanese environment and the presence of delicious Susan George, which is my favorite British horror vench of all time (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Haiden and Ingrid Pitt). Poor aspects simply include that the script is incoherent, imbecile, irreversible, and full of allegedly disturbing plants that just cause laughter. Restless ghosts in the house soon begin to entertain themselves by committing themselves to the bodies of new tenants and challenging them to work and speak all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the massacre of an adulterous woman especially enjoys the squeezing of Susanna's robbery and turns her into an indecent seductress! In this "obsessed" state, even the mom of the American ambassador, out in the garden of dinner at a high society with full-fledged guests. So, strictly speaking, it's not really the "evil" that is in the house; only three evil spirits with dirty minds and too much free time on long dead hands! It is obvious that these scenes are more comical than frightening, especially because the light blue and transparent forms resemble the sweet effects of ghosts that are later popularized in the "Ghostbusters". "A house where evil apartments" is probably the least terrifying film ever. For much of the time, you will wonder if the director Kevin Connor (who still made excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beiond the Grave") deliberately wanted his movie to be ridiculous and overwhelming, perhaps "Motel Hell". But again, everyone in the acting club continues to speak his / her lines with a real and honest face, so I guess we still need to take everything seriously and feel upset. "House in which evil apartments" is never tense or even exciting and does not even contain horrible pictures other than the massacre at the beginning. I'm completely aware of the sound of the shallow, but two scenes where Susan George goes to the toples are the only real details. Well, you, and perhaps the invasion of syrusy and ridiculously oversized spiders (or are they crabs?) In the bedroom of a daughter. How much is it by chance and irrelevant? If you ever decide to give this film a chance regardless of its bad reputation, make sure to leave common sense and thinking on the threshold. Interesting for horror lovers: hold open to the demon - a mask that was also a core landscape in the brilliant Japanese horor classic Onibabi.
