The director of Kevin Connor and Vannabe action-hero / romantic water Doug McClure, a re-team in this story of ghosts set in Japan. Together they were moderately successful in the seventies of the last century, with Land the Time Forgot (1975), With Earth's Core (1976), etc. Without the plastic monsters to carry the story, the results are truncated. The film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century, with the husband of a samurai who killed his wife and his lover before committing suicide. Launching so far is an introduction to Ted & Laura's couple, visiting Japan and moving into the house where the tragedy occurred. There is no surprise what will happen next, with the ghosts of the dead who begin to take over new residents with a family friend Alec (McClure) who takes over as a wife's mistress. ) Conclusion. The main points of interest are two poor decapitations ('The Omen' has a lot to answer in this promotion as a standard horror), and a love scene with an eye-catching eye, but extremely sucking Susan George. The first is a long 'Don't Look Nov' inspired piece with her husband, complete with piano music; the other is much shorter (probably on its insistence) the involvement in McClure, both pretty uncomfortable. In any case, each cloud has a silver coating and both scenes show its fantastic impacts, so that everything is not lost. All in all, I can not decide whether 'House in which evil flats' is garbage, garbage that can be viewed, or fun in some masochistic way. If you are not in the genre, there is nothing here, but for the horror fans it is probably enough to cause a strange rosy smile and grateful to respect the effort. BEST SCENE - in every other movie, big, black, woody, japanese, mumbling mechanical crabs would stole the show. Though they are shaded by the legendary family scene of the meal, a spithead appears in the bowl of soup. Seeing this phenomenon she asks what kind of soup she is (!!!!), telling her beef and vegetables, before she speaks the immortal line "Uh - in my soup is a terrible face." If this is not enough, the answer is, "Come on, eat soup for dad." Laurel and Hardy's leftover piece.
