The film opens with a quiet recording of a traditional Japanese house complete with a straw roof that is located on the side of a small hill and appears on the screen which reads 'KUSHIATA KIOTO, JAPAN 1840'. A young Japanese trainee Samurai called Toshiia Maruiama enters the winding path to the house, waiting for Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has an affair behind his husband, Shugoro (Tsuiiuki Sasaki as Toshiiuki Sasaki) who returns to be a Masanori teacher. Šugoro unexpectedly arrives home to find his wife and student who have very intimate relationships with each other. His honor was destroyed by the devastated Samurai who brutally murdered Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan for a working holiday with wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Ami (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alec Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the US Consulate helps them find a place to stay, I do not need you anywhere! The joke says they go so cheap, because they are persecuted, which both Ted and Laura laugh because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the film enters the cliché mode. The lights turn on and off themselves, Laura has an uneasy feeling about the place, and the local Zen Monk (Henry Mitchell) gives them a malicious warning to leave before it is too late to ignore, of course. The ghosts of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were condemned for eternity to stay within the walls of the house because of the curse of Maya's witches (Tsuiako Olajima). But there may be a way in which they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, which could potentially cost them their marriage, daughters and perhaps even life itself. Director Kevin Connor I thought this was a pretty average movie, OK to watch once if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you will probably completely forget it. Nothing is remembered as particularly bad, but on the other hand, nothing special applies to film. Robert Suhoski's script from the James Hardiman's novel is a bit boring and strictly in number, many spooky events take place during the film, but none of this is interesting or exciting, and straightaway characters and direction do not help things. There are several stupid sequences like giant plastic crabs trying to bring Ami and her babysitter, Noriko (Maiumi Umeda). And there is a scene in which Zen monk expels the house, and ghosts get out, they can not come back, but that's until Ted simply opens the door and just returns, some exorcism! Another thing, I think it was a bad idea that Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did this, tasted in Kung Fu and oriental sword fighting! George has come out several times to her several times, including a very uncomfortable sexual scene with McClure, although the pains and a few linens held for them like super glue were taken to ensure that no one below the waist was present. Apart from a few mainly cut-offs on the screen, there is no blood, blood or violence that you can talk about. 'Transparent' ghost effects are fine, but they will not impress much these days. It's professionally made enough and pretty nice, but the potential in the Japanese environment and myths is scattered because this film could have been set up in America, England, or any Western country without the need for change. All right.
