I do not think anyone sitting down watching this movie would expect anything remotely to appear as a classic ghost story, but you have to wonder when it's over if you're ever scared. This does not work at that level, but the actors are working hard and the film does not touch one of those lucky ends. The story is about an American couple traveling to Kyoto, Japan, so that Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) could write a book, and with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their daughter Ami (Ami Barrett). Their friend, Alec Curtis (Doug McClure), who works at the US Consulate, helps them find the house they live in and finds him who is persecuted. About 140 years earlier in the same house a samurai found his wife cheating him and he killed them and then committed suicide. Their spirits still inhabit the house and when Fletcher's arrival does not last long before strange things start. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** <br /> <br /> Sometimes ghosts inhabit the bodies of Fletcher and begin to act like the Japanese who were before and Laura starts flirting with Alec which leads to an affair. In the meantime, Ted begins to act stricter and after he sinks into the throat of Ami, he goes to ask the monk for help. Unfortunately, the ghosts forced Ted, Laura and Alec to play their scene of death as it was 140 years earlier. This film was directed by Kevin Connor who is known as a good television director, but he made horror and science fiction films and worked with McClure on some of them. Although it never approaches to make the atmosphere scary or to develop, it has two things that I like. First, there is not one of those juicy finishes where the couple hugged after the demons won. Instead, it ends with a very bloody battle where everyone is subject to evil spirits. Second, she has Susan George in the actors! I was always her fan, although she appeared mostly in school, but her performances are always top-notch. Likewise, it usually appears naked working here in two separate scenes and while it has no classic characteristics, it has a unique masculine image of it and this is one of the reasons why it was so popular. But after I appeared in such films, I think it led to her getting out of work or working only sporadically. This is not a bad movie, but it's never convincing and watching ghosts that spin around when the monk gives exorcism is virtually worthy of giggles or two. The conclusion is that this is stupid and I hope that George will decide to continue his career.
