Ok, you have: Penelope Keith like Miss Herringbone-Tveed, B.B.E. (Backbone of England.) She was killed in the first scene - so, people; this show has no support! Peter O'Toole as Ol 'Colonel Cricket from the First War, and now is the engraved Lord of the Castle. Joanna Lumley as an enlightened lady Manor, 20 years younger than colonel and 20 years of the past, but still glamorous (British spelling, not mine) enough to have a toy on the side. It's OK, they have a lot of knowledge and consent of Colonel Cricket (they even come for Christmas!) However, she is careful enough for the colonel to say to her boyfriend of her age (what a girl!) David McCall as a boy toys, equally meaninglessly glamorous as its compression. Pilcher could not find any cover for him in the story, so he gave him a quiet job in the Circus. And in the end: Susan Hampshire as Miss Polonia Teacups, Honored Principal of the School of Elementary School, serves tea in her office, with deep, powerful tips for living in the outside world just before graduation. Her best advice: "I was once in Nancherrove (the local home in England). I thought it was very nice, but somehow, it's not part of the real world." Well, we can not say they did not warn us. Ah, Susan - it's been a while, your character would be running the whole show. They do not write more like that. Our loss, not yours. So, with these settings and settings, you have the right re-visioning "Brideshead Revisited", right? Wrong! They took these one-dimensional support roles because they paid so well. After all, acting is one of the oldest interim jobs (you call it another). First warning sign: lots and lots of backlight. They circumvent him by shooting in the open - "Hey, that's just the sun's light!" Another warning sign: The leading lady cries a lot. When she does not cry, her eyes are damp. It's the law of romantic novels: The lead lady is a "great look". From now on, the leading lady will be known as LL. The third warning sign: LL actually has stars in her eyes when she is in love. However, I will give Emily Mortimer the prize just because it has to work with that reflector in my eyes (I wonder if they used the contacts?) And finally, the fourth warning sign: there is no screen on the female character "Mrs". She is either "Miss" or "Lady". When everything was said and done, I still could not tell who was and why. I can not even tell you what was said and done. In short: they all live through the Second World War without having anything to do with them. OK, in the end, LL believes that she lost her parents in Japanese camps, and the baby sis comes home katatonically. In the meantime (there is always "in the meantime"), a young man LL was in love (when, I do not know) he is returning home from a fierce battlefield and is living on the street of Ladi of the Manor (there must be some streets if she found him there.) Both war victims were taken to recover in Nancherrove (someone has to be "taken away" in some Romanesque stories!). Great drama.
