I've seen movies for bait Gator, and that's almost the same as they are. A woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically pronounced her vicious revenge on each of them. What sets this film apart from these (though not far) is that sexual content is not celebrated. There are many frontal nudity many times during the entire film, but for a moment it is not sexy. Some of the rape scenes may seem a bit exhaustive, but that's just because the movie is trying to boost the audience's need to see this woman looking for revenge. This is a bad movie, there is no other way to keep interest, apart from manipulating our natural desire to make this woman avenge attackers. I spit on your grave is not the kind of movie you expect to bring serious morale, but I was glad to see that, since it contained a significant amount of violence inflicted on women's leadership, it should not have passed like a T & A movie. B-movies are known for being guided by nudity and out of control of adolescent sexuality, while while I spit on you, the grave is an unmistakable B-movie and contains more than its own nudity, the nudity does not drive a plot . On the other hand, the only thing that triggers the plot is an empty need for revenge against the group of rapists. These people are evolutionarily abandoned as they were in the Gator Bait films, and the greatest challenge for writers seems to have come to new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason why the movie can no longer be nothing more than a meaningless B-movie is because does not bring any message, but instead satisfies the audience's desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve. The only problem that leaves this is that we have to sit through sexual assaults. Unusually, the first half of the film is the one that contains the biggest nudity (though not much), but it's far more painful to watch. We are even a little lowered when we look at how a woman is getting better because several fatalities have been so elaborated that they are obviously impossible (it seems like a good luck that the guy in the lake at last felt such a strong desire to hug a motor on a boat and press his the genitalia on the propeller, staying in that way while the woman screams some finite words on him and pulls the rope), but again, this film satisfies only the desire for the vengeance that the first half has filled us. (spoilers) You know that's all that film means, as it literally ends when the last guy was killed. The woman does not live happily for the rest of her life, she does not write her book, she does not leave and never returns to the nightmare, only enters the boat and the engines around the lake while the movie simply stops the tracks. But what else did you expect? Oh, and did you read the tag? If you decide to waste your time watching this, try to find any man who breaks or burns. I really liked the team ??
