What the manufacturers of this terrible adaptation were trying to do was impossible to grasp. The group of actors of superior quality, in the main well throw (with several significant exceptions), which give pretty good performance. Penelope Keith is as perfect as Aunt Louise and equally as good as Joanna Lumley as Diana. Everyone works well with the scripts they get. So much for the good. The average would include sets. Nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book, although the bizarre house they use for the Dover house looks incredible. Clearly Dover House is too big. In the later part, the writers decided to return the whole story to the UK, probably to save money, although with a little imagination I have no doubt that they could have created the Ceylon. Now for the bad. Scenario. This is such a terribly poor adaptation that it's hard to find words that would condemn it. Edward does not die in the battle for Britain, he survives, blinded. He appears briefly, then executes suicide - why? Love has changed from a young woman who is completely in love with Gusa to a reasonable farmer woman who can give up her love for her life barely with tears (less emotional than the Brief Encounter). Gus, a man obsessed and passionately in love, is ready to give up his love without objection. Walter (Mudge in the Book) moves from a shallow unbelieving husband to a dedicated family man. Jess turns into a psychologically disturbed young woman who will not speak. Aunt Biddy still has problems with the drink, but now without any justification. Dover House is occupied by the army for no apparent reason, except for a very short scene with Jess who has a fear of armed soldiers. While Mrs Mortimer's breasts were extremely beautiful, I could not see how their presentation moved the plan several times. The wonderful name of Nettlebed is World Dobson. The boundary of the word prevents me from proceeding with the list. There is a continuation (which I lost every interest in watching after this stupidity) and I wonder if there were changes made to create an accompanying story. It is hard to imagine that Rosamunde Pilcher would approve this grotesque perversion of her book; she probably lost control when the rights were bought.
