I do not want to diminish the plot synthesis, because you know what it is about, and there is almost no complication anyway. I've seen several reviewers calling themselves ISOIG a film "against rape" or even a feminist statement, and I just need to get to know the abominable hypocrisy of these claims. First of all, what do we see on the cover of this movie? That's right: a beautiful woman behind her. Was it an attempt by Zarchy to make a statement against rape - and I absolutely do not believe it was - it does not matter. The film deals with the marketing of sex and harassment of sexual abuse, and the material is so graphic (all but the actual penetration is shown) that it will not enjoy any of the hard core of exploitation in it. Rape (s)) in the movie is embarrassing, brutal and difficult to watch. Something can be said about presenting a terrible crime in such a brutal light, but there was no reason for this scene to continue seemingly for 30 minutes, nothing. There was also a small development of the character of the victim, and only one of the rapists was slightly developed (just a few moments before he was killed), and the scene is not at all involved at the emotional level. Really, this is just presented to show extreme sexual violence and you can say by the movies that ISOIG links with the IMDb (Caligula, Cannibal Feroc, etc.) to attract only the exploitative audience. In the end, several critics praised Zarchy's documentary style and lack of sound background. But given the inefficiency of everything else in the film (acting, script, etc.), I doubt that these were financial decisions and the film looks like a documentary because it literally set up the camera and allowed its actors from pornographic caliber to do their thing. /> I will not argue on a horse that talks about the contents of the ISOIG. I am for exploitation / horror and love nasties. In fact, I give this film three stars only because it really pushes the envelope much further than some other films. However, this is also badly done even after rape occurred, it's just boring for the rest of the movie while we watch a bunch of ho-hum, mostly without killing, and we wait for the loans to turn. This is probably worth watching once if you're a hardcore 70s fan fan, but I tell you, the movie is generally pretty bad and not really worth its infamous reputation.
