Dear dear dear dear ... yes! I had the strength to see him through ... But why ?! The first two films are fun and actually somewhat good. But this is so bad that we had problems seeing the whole thing. This was some sort of trembling for the kids. I can not believe this movie was shot at all. It looks like the props that were taken from some bad western series of some kind (for children) and they did everything they could to her. The audience is for this movie? I can only think of people aged 12 to 14. If you're older than 14 you have serious problems with this movie. It's not just slow, but it's so boring. The characters are exaggerated (not only a little) and so stereotyped that it's fun for some time ... but not long enough for you not to throw tomatoes on the screen. You know everything that will happen, because yes ... you've already seen it billions of times earlier in any series of heroes on television for children. I picked up all the survivors and the whole earthquake feeding another time when the characters presented themselves. It's so bad ... so wrong ... well ... shit. But well, now we were laughing. Not only on silly holes, but also in some scenes where it's worth repeating or two ... or one scene in which two babies shiver are thrown to one of the obvious tremors ... It's a really great scene that has made us repeat it Again and again and laugh wholeheartedly. It still makes me feel when I remember. But this happened only once more, unfortunately ... and then a "bad" revolver appeared and transformed beautifully into his part ... and one comment "They come out of the earth like some DEMONICA TROUT!" At this moment we almost cried with laughter. But after that ... nothing could have led to that ... (?) .. so it's a lot of downhill. So, the tops are demonic trout and exaggerated. If someone tells you that this is a good movie ... it is either a "plant", a plant or someone very bad. This film must be the worst of the tremors. I can not wait to see Tremors 3, it will certainly be hit in the office in relation to this ... this ... * goosebumps * no .. I'll leave it on it.
