OK, I know that many people will probably complain about this review because Vatership Dovn is a "classic" and standard part of the childhood of most people, but watching this movie for the first time at the age of 18, I must admit: I really hated him. We watched this movie because my sister read the book and really enjoyed her, and many people who started the same words "Vatership Dovn" - their memories of film as children and their emotions stretch the seams - it is recommended. To be honest, I wish I did not make any effort. I gave her the benefit of suspicion; I mostly do not like to stop watching the movie halfway. This was an exception. It was really, really, painful, sickly boring. This movie is perhaps the slowest thing I've ever seen (imagine a complementary snail in the universe), and I really did not do it for me. Art was fine; The backgrounds were nicely made, if not a bit pale, but the rabbits themselves were not very dear and the animation was pretty nervous and poorly produced. I will not go into huge details about the doings; in fact, it is a story of a group of rabbits who leave their wanderers for infiltrating people in the area. In general, it is a moralistic story about the dangers of human interactions on the environment, it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to convey the message. For me, somehow I wanted to quench myself, not because I am a sad Sadistic person, but because the characters were unkind, boring, boring and mostly rather rude (oh, so horribly English). I found that I was constantly watching the watch while I was watching a movie, and it lasted for 20 minutes before anything happened, and even that was a terrible anti-climax. If I would praise in any way, I would have to admit that the concept of showing children the dangers of building in the countryside and I hope to discover the arrogance of people, etc. Perhaps everything is principally dedicated to preaching, but the message that he is trying to bring out is good in his nature. And the music was not bad. So, this movie is pretty bad. I could not watch him all the way, or I would probably be forced to eat my legs in pure boredom. I agree, it's not a bad "Torkue", but it is still not rated high in my eyes, so I gave it 2/10. Hope this helps.
