Did I get into something or did this bad scent come from dawn 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have with the Sci-Fi? God is the only answer when you can not come up with a reasonable explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem with the final of the series - they obviously could not come up with reasonable explanations for the many big questions that were posed through the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead in a brand new viper, as her old snake and the carbonated body ended on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in its head, why 6 has imaginary Baltar in the head, etc. so they explain it to "angels" or simply do not explain All in all. The action of the last two episodes had enough large holes to pass through the Basestar. For example, why do Galactica and her team go on a suicide mission to rescue a girl (Hera), especially after Adama said there was no way to try to save her? Because they found the location of the Cylon base? It's not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the purpose of the flashbacks of the lives of the main characters before the war? It's like they forgot to do it earlier and they dumped something at the last minute. People who wrote the last two episodes could not be the same writers who created what has been so sensational so far. series. The feeling that scriptwriting was taken over by evangelical Christians in the mission of spreading the Word. Forget that you are trying to tie the ends of the plot, an important message that writers want to survive is: do not believe in technology, because it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (severe happiness if you have a disease requiring medical treatment). Imagine in the final film from the Star Wars series to tell you that there is no "power" ..., Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they cross the spaceships into the nearest star and go live in the woods with the Evokes. Would this be a good end? No it's not.
