There are many good things about the new BSG: there are multiple Cilone roles for Model 8 and 6, for example, which two actresses greatly played. There is an old school sense of industrial design in Galactica ("My ship will not be crossed over my dead body!") Also, all the battles in the universe, special effects (although an experienced guard of science fiction will recognize a cartoon all) Dark characters, essentially defective nature. Because of this it is still bitter that the end was so childish. Yes, the first part, the scene in the universe, the attack on the Cylons and everything that was very good. But a gigantic ending? I always watch movies and show these days the timer hidden, so I never know how much time has left. Therefore, it was a special type of torture for me, that the end would happen over and over again. Every time I thought, oh this is the final scene, the final shot, I got another one. Every freaking figure got its ending! That was not really necessary. What really highlighted an amateur school school in all of this: young Roslin's scene. Why is it important for us to know that {she} has lost her sisters and father in a terrible accident and that she has one night with an ex-student / student? What brings this story? Where was the connection? Now, I am more approach to the European style, and a random act of anything in movies and shows, and all this, but this was just funny. This did not bring anything significant to the story. Also, I saw "Last Frakkin special" and in it Ron uncovered his own nonsense about complication: he could not have thought of a good ending story, so .... he just did not! It's never so much about the characters that made the last episode. The whole idea of ​​"this was thousands of years in the past," the subject of the mitochondrial Eve, was also used in the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, and you believe, there are many BSG monitors who know that particular H2G2 story. And when we talk about Heri, there is now a story that did not work well. Instead, we get Roslin to work with his former student who is 20 years younger. Do not misunderstand me, I'm for older women with younger men. More power for them. But this ... it did not make any sense. All in all, (in writing) this series is just as wrong as they thought its characters would be. This goes even further for the last episode. I hope that Lost and 24 are better, with their final series.
