The thirties of the last century saw models of documentary films about remote parts of the world, with an emphasis on wildlife, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting the film crew into a distant and dangerous place, and then returning live movies (with movie footage), such films were often much cheaper than conventional Hollywood ... because there were no expensive films. sets, costumes or high movie stars. The most successful creators of such films (artistic and financial) were the Martina E. team. Johnson and his wife Ose, who recorded several documentary films (sometimes with affirmatively organized events) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons safari films were extremely popular, inspired by several parodies ... the most famous Vheeler & Voolsei's "So This is Africa", in which very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson), gedit?). Although several other film producers at this time produced documentaries from a safari movie, Johnsons films were the most popular in this genre because they relied on humor. Viewed from our enlightened (I hope) views, this is a serious defect in Johnson's documentaries: there are too many scenes in which funny, brown or yellow people are made to look like complete idiots that easily outwit the smart white bell Johnson and his wife. One definitive advantage of these films is the presence of Johnson Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she seems to be young enough to be his daughter. Though certainly not as attractive as the beautiful blonde Esther Muir, Os Johnson was the front desk that gave the cameras a thrilling performance in all the films she co-produced with her husband. Congorilla is probably the best of Johnson's films. Photos from the Congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of how this environment looked like in 1930. The recordings of pigmeas and other indigenous people are also interesting, though they suffer from the Johnsons' inclination to put events in a way that makes the natives look "wild" and extraterrestrial. The best (and funniest) scene in 'Congorilla' is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson is trying to teach jazz dance to some little women. (Dance is Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, united twins.) Wearing jodhpurs, boots and helmet, Osa Johnson began singing it for high steps and knee knees in her They try to teach this dance to African women. In the meantime, they are just standing and staring at it, obviously wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant tones. Osa Johnson performs dancing invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that Black Africans should instinctively perform this dance after a short demonstration (using a natural rhythm, I suppose) because it's in their blood, or something like that. I will evaluate "Congorillo" 4 points out of 10. This film speaks about African life in the thirties and more about American cultural perceptions in the same decade.
