This is not a movie that you can really analyze separately from its production. The audience became a film maker to the extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; We felt so involved that watching became like looking at the work of a friend. How is it possible to be objective? This is our film, is not it? Or is it? Perhaps there is nothing more unsuccessful than a director who is promoted as a friend of the audience, giving them all the wrong treats that would be rejected by the critics. See only the main publicist Elijah Roth, who promises that all hunters on the head will disappear from virtually unbridled mainstream horror films, just to get supplies and technically incompetent works such as 'Hostel'. David R. Ellis may not have created a monster that was an Internet response to his film, but he, quite understandably, quickly began to deal with it. He took a carnival-shopping school of film creativity to a new level, forced the fans to build what they would eventually buy. Many are thrilled with this interactive, democratic approach to filmmaking that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most effective form of film as marketing. Nothing is included in the fact that filmmakers know that fans will not buy, and that every old proposal will be included that will get bumps on the seats. The fact that the terrain has become the title, tells you everything you need to know. Is it just an evolution of access to focus groups? Individual creativity, talent, crafts, ideas, everything is sacrificed before the impeccable mass conversation. It's critical that focus groups and trial projections do not bring good films - why would the preventive intervention of internet enthusiasm be different? Because we're by chance movie fans? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise I could not see a woman from a toplea pulling a snake from a nipple. Well, yes, I was having fun in the movie - midnight show, fresh from pub and ice cream - but it actually had relatively little to do with the film, and much to do with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. He was laughing, but I do not know if he was with a movie, or on a movie. With a film that's calculated as this, is that even a meaningful difference? There are some really good aspects of the film. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well-rated performance, pure self-parody, but with a real sense of satisfaction. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaie are responsible in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of a dog in the lap is a truly funny black comedy that the rest of the movie fails to imitate. Character shares can be expected, but a complete lack of uncertainty is not. What is the purpose of a movie that combines two great phobias if there is no creep? There are moments for jumping jumps, but they are incredibly badly performed. Only the unpleasant Briton gets a decent scene of death - other murders are unusually straight. For example, decaying a couple for a honeymoon is shamefully unsuccessful. Most actors do not feel impressed; It's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianne Margulies looks so tired (when she says two children close her eyes and pretend to be turbulent, she could talk to the public - the film is far from it). It has a burning film, but it has much, much better; Another reviewer on this site compared this film with Lake Placid, and this is as contrasting as any other. The film was so magnificent, because the performances were great, the jokes were funny, the uncertain sequences were scary, and the board did not devise. If the characters had little depth and shading, it was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a midnight midnight idea to have a good time with this movie. This film will eventually disappear to become a mere footage in the history of the film. However, if it sets a precedent, I am sincerely concerned about what our screens could have been through in a few years. In all likelihood, none of it will come. Multi-year popcorn favorites - "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Alien", "Halloween" and, of course, "Star Wars" - are not just produced by group thinking. In the meantime, I'll tell you something - I did not have half a craving for some Ingmar Bergman.
