Oh, my dear God, how has any part of the film ever been approved by anyone? It stinks to cheese from beginning to end, but it's not a good cheese. It's the dumbest, cheerful cheese without taste, and I can not believe that someone who really really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw her drunk drunk / stone friends, then some pieces could be funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience, the only fun parts were when a group of friends dropped popcorn and offensive insults on one another and on the screen. I watched her with the up-for-a-little-laughing guy, after having had a few beers in preparation for chuckle away on the film's expected shit. We got shit (a lot of it), but not silly. He does not even qualify as such a bad movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. Here's why (look aside if you're spoilerphobic): The film starts with a type that battles another guy to death. OK, I was late for a few minutes so I was not sure why it was, but I think I realized that this guy is a little bad, and you do not want to mess with the message behind the genius scene. Oh, and the guy's a witness. So, we already have our ultra-evil bad boy, and the painful but sweet (looks) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam moves on stage in the usual way, rescuing a good guy in the usual way that only bad action movies can accomplish, i.e. The hero is immune to bullets, all the others fall pretty clumsy. Cue first plot. How the damn hell Sammy knew where this guy was, or that he was watching the murder. Maybe this is, and answer all my questions about the plot, explained in 2 minutes before I went into the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I will stop shoving the holes on the soil right here, not to turn the film into something similar to the Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). So, the 'plot' (a very generous word for use). A good guy has to come to LA, the evil guy would rather be not, Hero Sam stands between them. Landscape for the next hour that causes vomiting - passenger plane. As I said, I will not trample on the holes anymore, I'll just leave it there. Passenger plane. Next, a vital ingredient that has so far lacked this gem of the film, and what makes everything - Snakes. Yay! Oh, stop. First, we have an introduction to all the required characters that a movie must have. A hot, angry couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead-before-any-snakes-even-appear Britons (those sands Britons, eh?), Cute Kids, and Jo Brand. For all of you Americans, it's an English comic known for its size and unattractiveness. Now that we've met the actors, let's look at how everyone dies (except for the naturally sweet children). Do not expect anything original, these are just snake bites on various and more hilarious (really not) parts of the body. Take advantage of your imagination because you obviously did not use your filmmakers. So, it's the larger part of the film wrapped, so now for the best part, the end. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane landed so that everyone in the eyes began to suck the face. Yes, Ice-cool Sammy is on. But wait, we're not all out of the plane yet! The last guy who came out is a good guy, but just as he does, bites him (hit) the snake (of all things). It is obvious that all this time was hidden in Mr. Jackson's hair, as he somehow managed to resist the trick of air pressure that the old old hero employed a few minutes earlier, despite the constraint of 200 feet (the one who ate that boring Briton) can not. So, Sam shoots him and a snake with one shot. At this moment, I prayed that the film made the much needed semicircular turn and found that the hero was in fact a kind of traitor. But not. In some kind of icing on the cake route (but with the stale cheese, remember), it was discovered that the height of the film included a vest with an impenetrable bullet. How can anyone think that the audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006 impressed with their imagination, was beyond me, but it was good in filming the film. In fact, we did not really finish already. After they all sucked their face (Uncle Sam with the main actress, a good guy with Tiffany, a token black with the symbol of White Girl, and a hot couple in a heart warming necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to do it. ... On Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation points were just to represent my extreme joy of seeing credits. Yes, the final shot of the movie is a journey to celebrate surfing to convey the message that there has been little male involvement, and a chance for any morons who really enjoyed the movie several times. That's it. This is the first time that I have ever published a movie review, but I felt so strongly that someone must speak against this monstrosity of cinema. If you love planes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, stewardesses, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or English, please, please do not watch this movie. He will pollute your opinion about everything above, so you will never want to contact anyone anymore. You see United 93 instead. That was good.
