"Raising Victor Vargas" is one of those bright, family films that you can watch and work on crossword N.I. Times at the same time. If you want to go to the kitchen for taco and Corona, you do not have to "pause" the DVD. Just let him go because you will not miss anything really important. No turn, turn or tension. It's not really an ethnic film, it's a film about a poor, immigrant, family who is struggling and which is by chance Latin. They could have been any ethnic group. That made very little difference. I've seen all that zillion times before. Just plug in a Jewish family, an Italian family, a black family, or an Irish family. Only accents and names were different. If the Vargas family were named Bush or Clinton and that they were presbyterians, the film would be a total sting. It's ridiculous that critics here have not been able to get the right place. Some said it was Spanish Harlem. Some Bronx, and another Brooklyn. As a lifetime Nev Iorker, I vote for Lover East Side. And it seemed that the family never met anyone except with other Latinos. They lived in an isolated / isolated small enclave. Some interaction with non-latinos could have created some excitement, interest, or tension. Remember the West Side Story? Now for the often criticized cinema. I do not know if it was my TV or whatever, but all the indoor videos looked very ORANGE for me. Apt, furniture and faces were all ORANGE. What did that mean? A apt. it seemed pretty cramped. Someone mentioned here that the old apartments had very large rooms. Well, maybe 50 years. What the landowners have done is to divide a large apartment into 2 or 3 very small and squeeze as many immigrants as I can in them. And another boring thing ... This is the second family movie I've seen and criticized this week on which was a teenager who "jerk". Is this private sexual act needed to be watched? Please, spare me! What about these directors? So, "Victor Vargas" is a nice little movie. It was nice to change to see the young Latin actors who got a break and a chance to show their talents, which they did. But the writers failed to give them, giving them a flat, unspectacular scenario for work. Enjoy the show, but hold your fingers near the "fast forward fast" button.
