When we talk about a movie called "snakes on the plane", we should point out that the snakes are quite important for the plot. What we have here are very bad cgi snakes that do not look or move like real snakes. The snakes are terrifying because they look slick, creepy and slippery. These snakes do nothing like this. it will slide like in the video game. They are cartooned snakes. I would go so far as to say that even someone who had a great phobia against real snakes would not find these scary why then would he want to include the extreme choices of these failures? why not rely on uncertainty .. whole 'less is more' ethics. or even better, why they do not do them at all? and then you might still use them stingly. See john carpenters 'thing.' here we have the right servitude, and worse than spooky proportions. It's been 20 years and we got this bunch of stinking sfk-shit "snakes on the plane". When will these people wake up and smell coffee? Special effects are coming back! Surely you can say ... but the movie is a joke, understand? I'm sure I'm with this idea, but do it well! in addition to the above, this movie has a shitty dialogue. and music and sound effects are not creepy or unforgettable in any way. I could handle every other actor who is part of this film, except Jackson. What was he doing there? a man who played fusion of pulp 10 years ago. is career progression? offer people value for money? not. I would like to know what Tarantino meant when he was halfway through this stinking film. The current generation seems to have very low expectations. and it seems that Hollivood offers them exactly what they want. When I left the cinema, I saw numerous commercials for some really terrible future releases, including ... DOA: dead or alive, (another) animal animal movie called 'flushed avai', and another shit that looks like a 'click'. In addition, I have seen some terrible trailers, including one for (other) shit of a British horror / comedy. I have not really watched the movie industry in such a mess for a long time. I expect to see this movie for sale in the DVD section at affordable prices for £ 1 for 6 months. and if you expect to see a black comedy with tons of brilliant snakes, and some bad ass cool dialogue comes from Samuel l jacksons lips. forget.
