The more I analyze this film, it becomes worse. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was stupid. I mean, why would megalomania try to control the world relies on a motivational speaker? Is Alekander Stone really so unorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks at the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, I would add, really do not have any reliability (for example, the section "The Ishmael and Isaka Houses Screaming in Fear" could already have happened. It could have been that synagogues were lit during Kristalnacht, and the mosques could have been mosques in Baghdad or something like that.) And the family Gillen Lane! They did not play any role but to provide family value and cleanse their water! I might add that Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane in the twenties (or the impression I had) and that he had a ten-year-old child, had a child during high school. Yes, there are family values ​​of TBN. Also, why did this movie have to be such a damn propaganda? I'll repeat what the former critic said. Indiana Jones uses Christian mythology as a plot and manipulates it well so we are drunk. This movie does not work. The start starts well, and Michael Ironsides plays a priest who kills scientists of some sort and steals the Omega Code. Then when facing two men who are obviously afraid, two prophets say, "Tell your lord that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) answers "Already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. That part sent the winter on my spine. If that's how it went on like on one scene, I'd love this movie. I will give credit to Michael York: he works well with his character, as is Michael Ironsides. But good guys are terrible. I was already talking about Lane's family. <br /> <br />. Now that I've taken over the acting, I'll go to the plot. This is obviously a Baptist film, because our beloved Pope of the Vatican is portrayed as stupid. I liked the place of world domination and it was considered acceptable and subtle, as the action sequences were exciting and well-done. Also, another cry against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatically inclined, as Gillen explains to the Pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. from the World Union, when they used Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, they would not just detach themselves, send commands and kill them. This is equivalent to America knowing that the KGB will kill the president and simply say: "We will not talk to you anymore!". Come on! I enjoyed scenes where we see bombers heading towards Israel and see them again on the monitor. Briefly central.
