I was very disappointed with this film for several reasons. The first half an hour is pretty decent. Although the performance is no better than the one you find in rap video, it's a bit funny and the production value does not seem half bad. In fact, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another newer Dominican film) that proved to be much better than I expected. The action of the film revolves around not only the cheating of husbands, but also the way in which women are treated and treated in a dominant society as a whole, which makes a good premise especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I think the creators of this film do not rely on the fact that a good movie is just about how you relate to your subject, and they have slaughtered the calves that they had in front of you. About 30 minutes in the film, the role of men and women is reversed after the wife of the main characters caused a sort of magic as a result of his habit of deceit. Not only is this transition happening over what appears to be the peak, the cosmic time, CGI effects date back to the 1970s, but the whole plot just goes downstream. The rest of the film is nothing more than a raw foreseeable situation, and smart lines. To end it all (and I suppose I should warn you ** SPOILER ALERT **) everything turned out to be a dream. Oh, who did not see it? Man, I almost forgot the funniest thing about the movie. So after about an hour, I started thinking "hmmmm something just does not make right about the soundtrack, but what can it be?" then hit me POLA MUSIC IN A FILM FROM VIDEO GAME OF THE DESIGNED KING OF THE BORAC 95. When oh, DR, give us a movie that we can call art work?!?! Perhaps a comedy that coincides with French Amelie, or an action movement in line with Thai Ong-Bak, animation like Akira was in Japan, witty criminal thrillers, while Laier Cake was in England, or a trip through social awakening as Vaking Life I had here in I would give her 1, but I saw much worse than DR, I searched Los Jodedores and you know what I'm talking about.
