Sincerely, Omega Code is the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time. For the first 30 minutes I sat amazed at the chair, trying to decide whether I should ask for a refund. But since I did not pay to see him in the first place (passes), I thought I could stay. And I did not think it could have been worse. And it is. I'll be quick to get through low points (including some spoilers): Casper Van Dien's terrible waving like Gillen Lane, a motivational speaker with two Doctor of Sciences. Characterization was inconsistent; For example, Lane, despite his letters of credit, is totally nonsense. Then there is the chromium-o display of fulfillment of biblical prophecies; we see a bunch of sensational sound shows followed by funny computer prints from the translated Bible code. Also, the terrible "action" sequences: Lane runs out of difficult situations without explanation, and once Lane really appears to be in danger, it turned out to be a sequence of sleep! It's sweet to write grammar tasks, but it's an unforgivable device for working in a movie. The pacing was bad: after a long opening, the first third of the movie changed the scene every 90 seconds. Later, pacing is improving, but there are still too many unnecessary jumps. And as someone else has mentioned, no one (even young Lana's daughter) passes the age of old age. That was disturbing. There are several good things. The quality of the film (for example, the lack of graininess) is high and very attractive. External recordings were well made, and location recording added the touch of reality. Also, there are a few moments in the last part of the film when Lane calls on God (finally) to help him - it turned out to be quite exciting - even to me, to someone who does not accept Jesus as a personal savior. But I liked it because it seemed to me to be the only real scene in the movie. Unfortunately, great misunderstanding followed. Characters, dialogue, direction and acting were all badly derived. Michael Ironside had nothing, and Michael York was just strange. I think that the producers wanted to work too much; if the plot was stricter and focused, and the characterization was more elaborated, the film would be far better. In short, Omega Code disappoints. Definitely do not pay to see this. I give it ** ten stars. <br /> <br />
