Raising Victor Vargas: An Overview You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like pushing your hands in a large, boiling pot of oatmeal. It's warm and moist, but you're not sure if it's okay. Try as much as I can, no matter how warm and boiling Raising Victor Vargas has become I was always aware that something is not quite right. Victor Vargas suffers from some excessive self-esteem by the director. The director seems to think that the ethnic background of the Latin family on the lower east side and the idyllic story make the film critic a proof. He was right, but that did not deceive me. Raising Victor Vargas is a story about a 17-year-old boy named, you think, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives his teens in search of a bigger skirt than Rolling Stones could do in all the years they've been through. The film starts in the "Ugly Thick" Donna's bedroom where Victor will surely be seduced, but the scream of the outside disturbs his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes in search of him. Taken in the attempt of Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas is running away for control of the damage. Still, even with the shameful implications that he throws out the most beautiful girl in the neighborhood, nothing deters a young Victor from hunting for more fresh meat. On a hot day in New York, they open to the local public pool where Victor's eyes cast a glimpse of the beautiful young nymph Judi (Judy Marte), which is not only beautiful, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victorov's family consisting of his grandmother or abu-lite (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nina (also played by Victor's real brother, Silvester Rasuc) and his sister Vicki (Kristal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between the scenes with Judas and the scenes with his family. Victor tries to deal with the oversized paternal dad, with his feelings towards Judy and the conservative Catholic education of his grandmother. The problems that arise from the rise of Victor Vargas are just some, but obvious mistakes. Through the film, you will get to know certain characters such as Viki, Nino, Grandma, Judy, and even the best friend of Judy Meloney. The problem is that we do not know anything about Victor Vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know that he knows how to lick up his lips, and combs himself, and wears himself for the purpose of courting girls in a sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano and is quiet, you can see it by rewards on the family piano. We know that his sister Nicki, a girl who loves gossip and who is interested in watching television. We know that grandmother is a working traditional Latin woman who tries to conservatively raise children in a world of excessive corruption. And where is the titular figure, Victor Vargas? He's somewhere in this movie, but we know just what the film is telling us about. This is by far the biggest drawback of the film. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball, jumping between the scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas is. This is important because as I mentioned the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido of the size of Manhattan. He's a total alpha male. Victor Vargas is not the type that I sympathize with at all. Why should anyone? So, by the end of the film, after the climax, did we really believe that Victor Vargas somehow reached any depth and learned errors in his ways? How could such a two-dimensional figure have depth? If only the director concerned worried more about the pronouncement of his main character, instead of worrying about getting a perfect handshake. The lifting of Victor Vargas revives the world of Latin-neighborhoods on the big screen. Something that several films worked earlier in the past. The film is praised for being so real, and I will not argue with it. I did not see this level of reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, even though the film has some nice recordings of the city, the writer / director Peter Sollett is too dependent on large plans and hand-made footage. This problem is particularly noticeable in closed scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises so as not to get fainted. As the film continues, the images become firmer and sturdier, and the faces are shaved from head to toe on the screen; you can practically sneak off cheap water from Vargas. In contrast, the overall effect is unrealistic. The inner scenes of apartments in the city make them small and Greek, which is not true. I was in these types of apartments; I lived in one. They are not great, but they have high ceilings and decent living space. According to the standards of the film, you would think that these apartments were 5k5 cells of brick and mortar, reddish paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close-up plans and one particularly bad shot with zooming on one scene gives up as a completely amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is just Sollet's second film, and his most famous, solid effort to create a movie that will, hopefully, be better when he continues filming movies. One review that I read summarized the film as: "Ethnicity for Ethnicity," and I can no longer agree. If Victor Vargas really was a great film and story, then the applicability of characters would not matter if they were Latino, Chinese, etc. However, if you take this story and put it in a suburb of a middle class with a bunch of minors -Bopper white children the results would not have been such great reviews, and we would see more clearly the shortcomings of the film. Indeed, some other aspects of the Latinos use in this film are disturbing me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are correct, others have to ask a question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicki all share the same sleeping room. It caused an alarm to me because it seemed to me the opposite of what I believe. No Latino family that respects itself would have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew that my problem with this was justified. Considering how grandma is conservative, she would think that Vicki would sleep in her room. As a Latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household, I was raised by a grandmother while my mother was working full-time, I could refer to the film in many ways, which is why my critical views are bitter because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds those guys who started lying while playing with Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Perhaps this is because without any introspection of the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotyped hot-bloody Latin, which will only end up shouting to the girls from his car, 'Hey Bai-Bee, I want to get into my Luv Mah-Cheen? Whatever, I do not like it, so how can I eventually love a movie about him? Well, excuse me, I'm going to push my hands in a bowl of grain. <br /> <br />
