I've never been an avid viewer of "Crocodile Hunter," but I occasionally saw an episode, or a bit of an episode, and when the news of Steve Irwin's death spread from a raging attack in 2006, it surely attracted my attention. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terry, who played alone, but in a fictional story, was published in 2002, but I did not hear it until a few years later, and even after that, it took me some time to get an eye to see it. Well, I saw her now, and after I looked over here (many times) and saw her rating, I was not surprised how impressive it was, although it could have been better than BIT. Obviously, this should be a comedy, so the main problem is that it's not very funny at all. US satellite signal falls from space and land in Australia, where it swallowed crocodile! While Steve and Terry Irvin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they are terrorizing cattle at the ranch owned by crazy Brozzie Drevitt, and are unaware of what is inside it, two CIA agents are going to Australia to take a lighthouse! The agents are helping Jo Bucklee, and the owners of the ranch and her dogs can make a heavy mission to them! On Steve's and Terrier's mission, they face other types of dangerous wildlife, not just crocodiles, and since they have no idea that the crocodile has something unusual in itself, when Steve sees the CIA agents behind them, he's guilty of guilty ones! Not only did I not laugh once when I was watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irvin using a great snake to scare away one of the CIA agents. Besides, I do not think I found anything even fun. It's also somewhat incoherent confusion, switching from Australian Outbacka to the CIA headquarters, and it seems that the clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and the clip from the action thriller (or something like that) are composed for some reason. Such a mix adds to the scenes of the ranch, which also appear to be somewhere else, and funny as Brozzie Drevitt should have been, played by Magda Szubanski, she did not. At one point we see her farting, so we have a prying joke, MAJOR clichés in modern comedy! Is it so hard for them to resist?! I also found typical scenes of "crocodile hunters", with Steve's crocodiles and keeping other dangerous creatures and talking them with viewers to be boring, but I guess the fact that I was never a pious fan sha did not help me Steve Irwin was worshiped by many as a conservator and, unfortunately, missed him, and there are those who say he was crawling with nature and coming to him. Whatever your side, Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course is not a well-made movie. I'm sure he will help you if you are a great fan of Steve Irwin, but even if he is, there is no guarantee for you to love this movie, as some fans were obviously not impressed. In fact, some of them seem to think this film is worse than me, so it may not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say whatever you think about Steve Irwin and his show, this film was unnecessary. Trying to combine what is commonly seen in the "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story, unfortunately, failed, and the viewer can discover that this film looks more than ninety minutes!
