When the teenagers go on a trip to a camper van, there are many clichés you can guarantee. 1) The teenagers will be warned not to go where they are going to crazy locals. Dan Van Husen does this with a funny exposure of deadly sirens. What, who, how and why it is handled in an almost incomprehensible scratch. 2) The van will be broken. 3) While searching for help, the group will be divided and be separated one by one from any monster they are warned about. 4) They will find the house where the lunatic lives, he will catch them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be disturbingly decorated, flashing neon light, spiders and worms. 6) The craze will catch them while trying to escape in a vehicle that will not start (here it was necessary to make a fast ride on a tractor). 7) The craze will seem to be killed only to return from the dead because of a cheap, low fear and then he will be properly killed. 8) Only the girl will stay alive from the group. 9) In the end, it will be unnecessary turning. Add these elements to the bare sirens (to which characters respond in astoundingly different ways, despite the fact that anyone who sees them should instantly fall into lust) who seduce and kill teenagers, throats are trampled and bodies dragged in half, and you have something like a twelve-year-old dream dream about the guys. I think it's fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible to be, but I am happy to point out that there are several elements that fit into satisfaction and that great progress is made in relation to his previous film, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst films I've ever seen. Sometimes cinema is very good, music and editing are cutting above its previous films and some other horror films. I was impressed when I heard that this was achieved with a third of money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst thing about this movie can not be found in the body of the movie, this is ultimately a mild redirect, if it's a pointless movie that's been done over and over, but among the DVDs. If you rent this movie, please listen to the editorial comment that is beyond belief. This can be said more than the film itself. One stunning part of the comment is the director's claim that the movie is a cliché lead because it was a pre-created idea. He says this is an intentional attempt to exploit all clichés and is openly wondering if "people will get it." I'm afraid to say that if it needed to be smart nodding and winking on past movies and genre cliches in them then it was not witty enough scripted, acted appropriately with tone, or directed with enough style for work. If this film is made to order, it prompts me to ask one question; "What is the point?" This is a movie that just glides straight into the canon of bad horror films, any attempt to do something smart or otherwise did not work. The next grunge of brilliance is a conversation about snobism towards a digital movie. film formats. They rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they complain about the fact that when Michael Mann shoots a movie in a format marked as a visionary. There is a simple difference to be made here; Mann is a talented director who will use a format that will fit his story and style, Roberts is a hork hacker who uses it to create the lower shelves. I think that the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant, but also superfluous. The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments on people who have taken the time to review his previous film. Those who did not like it are generalized as 'geeks', and he even goes to extracting certain people who have the courage to express their opinions in forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit I was a little disappointed that my review of his last film did not set aside for ridicule. Tirada goes on when the group jokes about Norwegian reviewers, along with 'hilarious' accents that suggest that people from Norway would not know a good movie simply because they were born. As always, these comments speak more about those who speak them than about those who aim, they simply make the director and his friends look like a nerd. The package is rounded up with a delicate feature about how the sirens are thrown. Robert swears in a tearful voice: "I did not want to make a movie that was like Baivatch" while we see the tapes for the audition of the toples and the naked girls clattering around the earth. There is also a simpering, self-supporting documentary about the creation of Darkhunters during which Robert says the reviewer claimed that Forest was "the best British film in years." I do not know who he's trying to convince. At one point in the comment, Robert says in a joke: "I can see people sitting at home saying" this is not amazing, his will "is not wrong.
