Forest of the Damned begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Allie (Sophie Holland), along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petti) and Andrew (David Hood), for a week's long vacation 'in the middle of nothing', their words are not mine. In any case, before they realize that they are deep in the woods and Emilio clumsily overtakes a woman (Frances Da Costa), together with a seriously injured person to add their problems to the van in which they travel will not start and can not get any signals on their mobile phones. They need to quickly find help in order to make Molly & Judd fly away in hopes of finding a house, as time goes by and the darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something unpleasant lurking in the forest ... <br /> <br /> This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and after examining several other comments and comments, here on the IMDb and via the Internet, the Forest of the Damned seems to share an opinion with someone like that and others, not personally, it did not do much at all. The screenplay is assigned to the Roberts screen, but here on IMDb it is stated that Joseph London with "additional material for the script", whatever it means, is your basic type of slime, such as The Tekas Chainsav Massacre (1974) with your basic impersonal teenagers leave the victim but use an interesting concept of fallen angels wandering around the forest and killing people for reasons they have never been explained with any pleasure. Then there's Stephen, played always by fantastic Tom Savini, who has never been given any excuse for what he is doing. Is he here to get angel victims? If so, why did he kill Andrew by striking his head? The story is very loose, she never felt like a real movie. The characters are poor, the dialogue is not much better, and the lack of any significant story makes it difficult to enter or care about anything that is happening. Saying it's moving at a reasonable pace and there are several decent scenes here. Director Johannes does not do anything special, there is no particular stylish or flash movie to watch. There are several decent horror scenes, and the character of Tom Savini is great whenever he is on the screen (though why did not Judda hear how he broke the door with an ax while escaping Molly?) And the damage was when he was killed. There are several good scenes here, someone has a broken head, a decapitation, someone shot with a shotgun, somebody bit his throat, some lips are bitten and someone is broken. There is also a fairly large frontal female nakedness, not much help. Technical, Forest of the Damned is fine. This has been filmed in England and Wales, and it's pretty strange to see the English setting for very American thematic horrors. The acting is generally pretty bad, except that Savini deserved to be better than this. The author of the horror Shaun Hutson has a disgraceful ending in the end and proves that he should keep writing, not acting. Forest of the Damned was a pretty bad movie of horror, it seems to have fans there, maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie for which I have a lot of love. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend here.
