From the beginning this film was horrible! Why was it so bad? If they are not naked women, they not only need a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist, followed by a free hand from Colgate whitening! Then it's the "crazy" old guy at the gas station, which is not so crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to play a lot, so I'll look straight ahead and look dumb as much as I can while I'm shouting with robotic tones about something in the woods!" ! Then return to these bare nymphs that need a cure for gingivitis .... obviously, without touching ... and this is in line with the starting scene .... they can cause a nasty red rash on the neck, which I guess is a piece the missing meat, but it looks like it can do with some TCP to clean it. Then you have Sophie Holland playing Allie, I've never seen such an actress actress, she is more "to me, if I'm not having fun, nobody else is, and I do not want to do it, so I will not, and I'm the worst cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, tricky, and if I do not do it in my own way, I'll be mad! ", some kind of person ... reminds me more of the attitude of the old girl. I do not think it's worth mentioning the horrible corners of the camera that remind me of Blair Vitch, or how much the movie was cheap when Judd was hacking on a locked door, he was actually open before he came to unlock it. it's on the other side !! This movie is completely funny! If it was a hoax then it would be successful ... just though, but, like a horror movie it was simply wrong !!! I can not even describe everything that happened in this movie in which I would run out of rooms! Although it was funny to watch Andrea dropping raspberry juice every time he opened his mouth while the character of Tom Savini was completely blind to the two of them who were hiding under the table directly in his line of sight !! It was even more fun when the two of them thought I could run to the goddamn tractor, which, as we all know, is your car number one that hates to get stuck, because it's so damn slow! So, is it strange that they do not get out of it? And how many people know you can open a wrist, then run for hours as if nothing happened! No pain, no loss of blood loss, nothing !? But the stupidest part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) is one year later and Molly is still wandering around the forest after escaping from the nymph, and then, here it is, Shaun Hutson picked up ... of course without a line to promote his books !! (although, of course, he is one of my favorites), but suddenly, and with absolutely no hint as to why ... she herself hates Mummy Hutson for his death, and then we cut off to a crazy guy from the beginning. suddenly wandering around the woods with petrol cans, even after his "glittering" performance, why no one should go there for any reason ... Nymphs have been stupidly hitting each other around for a bit of fun, while Crazi spills petrol everywhere. ... and here the film ends ... finally! My conclusion ... that you have not already hit ... absolute stupidity! There was no real thought that she ever got into it, whoever was aiming for the camera should shoot ... and think about it, so is 99% of the actors! Behind the right director, actors and budget, it could be decent. But, once again, low-budget English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are ashamed !! (And I'm an Englishman so I'm allowed to say it)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 minutes when we watch it turn from night to day across field type fields. All I continued to think through was "Jesus Christ in heaven why, why did you let somebody do it, his absolute cow testicles !!" But I can not turn off the movie after I unfortunately started watching it. After that, I had to watch From dusk to dusk only to remind myself that Tom Savini has in him to behave well! If there is an option for 0/10 then trust me, I would choose it because this film is not worth the thing I gave it! But this is just my opinion, watch it and decide for yourself.
