***** THIS REVIEW CAN HAVE SPOILERS - But this determination would be negligible in such a classical and well-known story ***** CINDERELLA story is my favorite fairy tale. The world will never have enough of this wonderful story. The problem is that everyone wants to tell their version of the story. This can not work if the story deviates or attempts to insert some interesting ideas along with some magical photography and a beautiful production design with a bad direction and assembly. or rather it never converts to a swan. All the production value that money can buy can not buy good cinematic moment and dramatic development - or good behavior. Entrance Cinderella at the Ball, so poorly made, there was no drama of anticipation nor excitement of discovery. Writing made me very nervous. The charming prince was the most desirable of memory. Why would any girl want to marry a silly, self-satisfied prince who did not love women? Turner's role as Stepmother was an uncomfortably painful phenomenon that showed that one liner was more than an actor's shade. Even the part of the Cinderella had little interest or sympathy. Perhaps only one sentence describes this attempt: So the cheap '90s, Those that have to be mentioned and mentioned in the shameful excess are magnificent photography, matte job and production design. It was a pleasure to study the landscapes, sets and settings while the story unfolded. For some stories about Cinderella, look at two jewels: 1) Rodgers and Hamerstein Cinderella with Lesley Ann Varren. Even with the obvious style of watching TV - 60, this is the best version on the celluloid - at least none. All actor stars make every effort to give the greatest entertainment. Engaging, redirecting and memorizing writing and music. This is a classic. 2) After this jewel of Drew Barrimore maintains a historical perspective, it changes the story, but it is not enough to disturb the effective development of the prominent points of this classic story. The characters of the director and all the auxiliary roles were written wisely and were well behaved.
