This film actually works from a pretty original idea - I've never seen a nymph that was thrown out of the sky in a horror movie before that. However, the way he executes this idea is not even the least genuine; we follow the bunch of children who for some reason decide on the road to the forest. The fact that the forest inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest full of peasant / nutcases / zombies, etc.; But indeed, monsters are just a variation of the common horror in the darkness of the forest. Many movies of this kind do not have a good idea - and it seems that these wore their brain cells only with that. The only real advantage that monsters bring to the table is the fact that the beautiful women whom the characters are lusting and not being horrible fever from which they want to escape. This is good all the way; but soon becomes a boring, and almost complete lack of any background story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the movie will never get out of the 'horror trash' category. Last years since "The Evil Dead" made the forest a primary location for horror, and despite films such as The Blair Vitch Project; still makes an excellent setting for horror. This is one of the main things of the film, because the forest represents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that the curse of the forest never seems to have much in the sleeve. Death sequences show a marked lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters in the extreme cliché do not help, because it's likely that you will be looking forward to seeing how they will kill them, not hoping to succeed. Actors are composed mainly of children, but there is a role for Tom Savini; who are unfortunately not entertained in the Special Effects Department. The only real motive for the film is when it comes to staff coming from the nymphs themselves. Naked ladies tend to look great, and if they were not, this movie would be very boring very quickly. You have nothing to recommend this movie for real; but if you want an unpleasant little horror movie that returns to the style of the eighty forest movements, you may find some enjoyment here.
