This is a type of genre, which means that you like musicals from the 1950s or not. If you do, you'll love this. Personally, I prefer the thirty and most musicals of the 40s with the dance talents of Astaire and Rogers, and Eleanor Povell, Bill Robinson, Rubi Keeler, James Cagnei, Shirley Temple and so on, but songs from the 50s, which are slow dance numbers and soap melodramas of the decade exclude me. This film is the case. The first song was fine, but the next three did not do anything for me. Until then, the story did not have much attraction. The presence of Deborah Kerr is another minus. I do not think I saw a movie that was acting in what I liked, including this one, where a good English language teacher who is showing, spending half the film threatening to leave Siam. (I had it!). However, apart from the likes and dislikes, one can not deny that the production of Rogers and Hammerstein is very appealing to many people, especially those who loved The Sound Of Music for a decade later. There are similarities in R & H musicals. So, if you like the movie "Julie Andrevs", and you would like this. This is a gorgeous production with, yes, the main "L." This is a kind of musical of large productions that you rarely see after this generation. You've also got the singers with the name, unlike today, where the actress is not able to really sing so Marnie Nikon comes to rescue Kerr, as she did with Natalie Vood at "West Side Story" and Audrey Hepburn at "We Fair Ladi ". "Iul Brinner is" King Mongkut "and is a stereotyped traditionalist, the one that always directs the filmmakers in a negative way. He is not" progressive ", as the left-wingers like to say, but the education teacher (Kerr, like "Anna Leonovens") will correct it.Secular-progressives of today always set teachers more than people who are trying to cure cancer! But Iul is good in that role and even uses some comedy along with his character more-than-biting.If justified, He is a great star of this film. Brinner had magnetism, even in "Velich." Seven ific "IUL was a cowboy who enchanted the audience. <br /> <br /> In short, this is a good film for its day and millions of people have enjoyed it. I'll leave it at that.
