Madison is not that bad - if you like simplified, non-offensive, "family-friendly" tickets and, more importantly, if you do not know absolutely nothing about an unlimited airliner. If you, like me, grew up in sport, and your heroes had names such as Musson, Muncei, Cantrell, Slovak, etc., Prepare to be disappointed. The formative nature of the film and its tendency to use every hacked sports clip in the book. I do not have to repeat what they said. Unfortunately, what I unfortunately lacked was any sense of the right excitement of unlimited hydro-racing in "glorious years" (which many would claim to have already passed in 1971). Yes, it was wonderful to see the old classical boats that rushed down course 6, although it was clear that the updated versions (volleyball caps in Hidroplane and the racing boat museum) were nourished through reduced-speed scenes . But where was the sound? Much of the excitement of the old hydros was the deadening sound of six Allison or Rolls-Merlin airplanes, which turned into RPM, and their designers never imagined, guessing the starting line in front of you. You did not hear him. Real water lovers know exactly what I'm talking about. Madison does not have any of that. Instead, every racing scene is buried below what should be a "heroic" music party. And there are also recordings of major driver plans that drive smoothly and comfortably in cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury sedans, in some cases they took the time to wickedly laugh while thinking about it how best to hurt the hero of a poor home town. Or, in a particularly funny video, taking the time to spot Jake Lloyd by giving "Rocka" a greeting from the bridge's dock. In reality, some unlimited drivers carried vests to minimize the beatings they took while ships flying over hard water at speeds over 150 miles per hour. As one reviewer so appropriately said, In the end, since the other user has raised anachronism, I will add another: Setting up Seattle shows Kingdome and Safeco Field. None existed in 1971
