People were trying to convince me that the premise of this ridiculous supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the real last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name I currently escapes). While waiting for his execution on an electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to endlessly kill. It's not really the original idea that, by the way, a movie about a horror movie is turned. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented the same basic premise, such as "House 3", "Socker" and "Ghost in the Machine". In any case, the "First Force" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a terrible effort, but the script goes too far to the clichés and lacks the genuine excitement. The film starts as a good, though ordinary serial killer, in which obscure policeman Lou Diamond Philips is haunting a maniac that cuts bloody pentagrams in the chest of its victims. He receives unexpected help from the spiritual media, played by the lavish and underrated Traci Griffith. She leads him to the killer, but she also begs him not to be executed, because this would result in even more disaster! Thanks to Tess's helpful tips, Detective Logan quickly caught the killer and celebrated his death sentence, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returned to the broken streets of California to kill even more. "First Power" becomes pretty bad when the killer is reincarnated as an aversive ghost. Instead of taking advantage of his recently acquired Satanic power to erase the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing just loves to play games with cats and mice with his copper enemy. He boldly calls him "Buddi-Boi" all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Though it's never boring or poorly understood, it's a very bad movie to be endured, mainly because you're constantly getting a sense of deja vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every terrible cliché (the killer is sexually abused as a child), and even player lines can easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that he is able to foresee the future, you just know that at some point in the movie he will say a funny over line "I tell people who live their lives, but my life is a mess." Iavn. Performance Louaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiaiaiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ,, but it is quite difficult to understand that the youthful rebel "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" serious as tough copper. There are also decent supportive roles for Michelle Villiamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When Calls for Aliens") and David Gale's "B-Movie Horror Legend" ("Re-Animator") appears in a miniature cassette at the very beginning of the film.
