Here I have recorded several notes on FIRST POWER, Lou Lambada Diamond Phillips' 1990 Satanic serial killer iuppie hell-fest ... 1) Lou Diamond Phillips has recently been charged with beating his wife and may serve in jail . I just hope that he can find clothes in Armani's style prison with: One of the innocent pleasures of this film is that his police detective is dressed up in a $ 4500 designer costume, a designer silk suit of $ 7300, and sees his $ 3500 / month Los Angeles Bachelor pad loft with interior Mies Van Der Roeh. 2) Leading lady Tracei Phillips has beautiful porcelain skin, red hair that is always stylized even when mussed, and incredible breasts that are illuminated in the second half of the movie design silk sweater that unfortunately remains on their torso even when she was ready to be sacrificed to Satan. At least seventies, our demonic killers took off their victims before they were removed, although there is something that can be said about leaving a little imagination. Until the last 10 minutes of the film, all I could think of was what her breasts probably would look like. 3) Professional psychics living in Los Angeles can afford $ 4 million in apartments at Mullholland Drive that look at Los Angeles with a view that would make Brad Pitt decide to damage him. In fact, the condominium used in this film looks the same as that shown in MULLHOLLAND DR. David Lincha, who at least had a good sense of becoming a successful film director. The only professional psychologists I have encountered outside of this movie are all who currently serve prison sentences for wire fraud. 4) I forgot his name, but the villain in this movie is wonderful, and his "How's it going?" "Buddy Boi?" the line could be the best overlooked movie phrase from "THANKS FOR RIDE, LADY !!" from CREEPSHOV 2. 5) Below the major metropolitan cities there are huge barrels of acidic acid that will explode into huge fireballs if someone throws them in on a lit lighter Zippo, which is why all large public waterworks have no The smoking sign is not scarred by them, although the idea of ​​smoking around water is dangerous, of course, absurd. And since Zippo lighters need to be hand-loaded with a lighter fluid that can often leak and cling to the clothes, the idea of ​​wearing one in the pocket of your Gucci silk suit of $ 7300 seems much more dangerous. > 6) The stunts in this movie are impressive at the very least, and one of the fun things about watching is how it remains to not watch computer special effects, but the real stunt-killers who risk life and crash to contribute to a movie that has won almost universal BOMB ratings from critics when published. 7) Film sotonists always amaze me: Here's the guy who took advantage of Lucifer's offer of power, and yet instead of using it, do something useful, such as getting rich or challenging fashion models to get free having sex with him, he instead has women's bags and let them be levied outside the flats of people. Speaking of this, here is a guy who is indestructible, able to fly and is able to put his body in the body of other people - yet he binds Lou Diamond Phillips with an ordinary fist fight at the conclusion of the film, but there is no good sense for settling Arnold Schwarzenegger or Apollo Creed to ensure they win. Still continues ... To be watched in the company of a wise friend while drinking beer. You will have fun as long as you persistently refuse to take it seriously. 4/10
