Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what was the intention of the film: to follow the movement and to deal with the "film makers and vibrators". In some cases, these are people who represent themselves as non-existents. I did not need a movie to tell me that some people in the film industry were shallow. I guess I'm guilty of expecting something like the "Roman Holiday". I am not a film maker, nor do I deal with movie lessons, but it seemed to me that the movie consisted of a series of "two shots" (in the main) where the actors (!) were supplied with a loose plot and it was supposed to improvise the dialogue. Henri Jaglon claims that together with Victoria Foyt actually wrote the script, but he got the impression that actors who are aware of the general direction of the film introduced a dialogue - and that was not always successful. Such a case was when Ron Silver made some remark that really did not flow along the line of conversation (and I'm not going back to ask her!) And Greta Scacchi laughed, although I should have had a serious conversation, because Silver's remark was such. And you get the impression that an actor is deliberately trying to 'fault' another actor and violate his concentration. The second instance of this is when the producer tells Silver to "bring the documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver looked literally lost for words. I saw another movie that looked like a series of dramatic improvisation workshops, and that was terrible! The fact that Jaglon managed to attract Greta Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Makimilian Schell suggest that they were "a week of spoil news" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had the phrase "what-hell-I-work-here" on my face at all times and I expected to hear him say: "Look, I am the director and screenwriter - not an actor" - which would be unnecessary for the state ! Faie Dunaway looked more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Apart from the fact that the dialogue was interrupted, the handheld camera became irritating even if it was for truth - as I assume that the "natural" dialogue - and the interest for directors has become subordinate to the interest of various young people walking the beam trying to get into the bullet . This is at least closer to Cinema Verite. So, along with the irritating French singing, during which I used the mute button, I made 90 minutes of disappointing ones. I think we should avoid apotheosizing movies like this one. Trying to see the value of a movie in which there is little merit to prove the transcendental level is wrong. There was no avant-garde in it. It did not appear as an artwork, but it was not even a documentary. I know, it was a documentary, but the real test is whether it's fun. I was bored of the skull! He had one feature that he bought: she was right pronounced 'Cannes' so I gave her 3/10.
