- I do not understand. None of this makes any sense! 'He cries out an angry character at the end of the Deathly Halloween killing. After I was just passing through this completely confusing mess of the film, I know exactly how he feels. The story of the film director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'Amato using his real name for change) is a clumsy mix of supernatural, murder / mystery, and pretentious art garbage, as it is likely to be liked to those who play the antics of the 70s, as what Jess Franco is more bizarre, but who tortured me to stay conscious. Opening with a hunchback in grief over the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had incest before he was finally lost to a terrible doctor), Death of a smile on murder soon becomes very confusing when the same woman (whom starring Eva Aulin, who plays in an equally strange 'Death lay eggs') sees the lively and striking, the only survivor of a train accident that happened outside the Valter and Eve von Ravensbruck estate. After being called to stay and recover in their home, where they are cherished by a creepy dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinsky in the Throwing), a pretty girl begins a love relationship with the gentleman and Mrs. Ravensbruck (which means that viewers are treated to some short but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin '). 'So far, so good,' I thought at this time, 'we had cramps, incest, blood and womb, and worthless female nudity' all the ingredients of the big grass Euro-horror; What follows is, however, a miserable attempt by the Massacres to combine homophobic homicides, spooky events, and even elements of the "Black Cat" Edgar Alan Poa, to tell a very stupid, utterly confusing and ultimately boring story of revenge. There seems to be a lot of fans here on the IMDb, but considering the choice, I'd rather watch one of the director's films than later in his career; I suppose it's incomprehensible, cunning, surreal in the 70's, a Gothic horror just is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (pure for cheese and noncity), rounded to 3 for IMDb.
