According to IMDb, Takashi Miike, the Master of Horror-segment, Impressum, was banned in the United States. So I thought I would translate a Swedish review that I just wrote for him ... It was hard to have any expectations from the episode of Ichy's killer director, Takashi Miike, in the Masters of Horror series. And the Imprint DVD's looked very promising. The story takes place mostly in a remote Japanese brothel, sometime during the 19th century, and tells the story of a journalist who is looking for Komoma, the woman he left and whom he promised to return. Tired and despondent arrives in the brothel, hoping this will be the end of his long trip. It turns out that one of the prostitutes, deformed and silent girlfriend knows about Komoma, and the desperate man is forcing him to tell him where and what happened to her since he left. The story he told him is just as sad as it's hard to swallow ... The first thing that hit me in this episode was how it seemed unnatural that the Japanese mostly spoke fluently American. -English. But I'll leave it on it, it's not that big a thing. However, what's great is how much the rest was poor. Miike's story goes so slowly that I could not watch my watch several times in 63 minutes. The expanded scene of the fate, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the film, felt so impotent - and pornographically intrusive - that even this scene did not become interesting. I felt as if it was violent only because of violence itself - without feeling for style or purpose. The only scenes that caused any kind of emotions from me were images of bloody fetuses rolling along the bottoms of rapidly running water ... and, frankly, the only emotions they caused were the feeling of disgust. The journalist who seeks the love he left behind is Billy Drago, the most memorable for me as Frank Nitti - Al Capones vhiteclad assassin in Brian De Palmas The Untouchables (1987). I've always considered that the Nobody's portrait of Dragos is very frozen (and I mean it in a good way), and that's probably why I was almost upset when I found it so horrible (NOT in a good way) in this one. His acting seems to flow between feelings or empathy, to any kind of bad exaggeration. If his character was to react to the terrible things that Komomo was subjected to, I was sitting on the sofa, twisting and turning in an attempt to avoid the terrible action brought by Drago. I am grateful that most of the story was told by Iuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of the Geisha, 2005), who plays a deformed prostitute. The finale was probably supposed to be tight, maybe even disgusting and terrible, but I just found it somehow ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked again at the clock, during time , I just wanted the shit to end). Perhaps the finale forced me to smile a little, but it was only because I could not think of the Red Dwarf episode and the upcoming beards of Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules, with their eyes glued to them look like aliens ... Happiness, If you've seen that episode and now you decide to see the print, I will forever destroy the visual display of the end. My first thought, when the Imprint was finally over, that the only thing that made the pain watching him worthwhile, was to hear the main theme of the title of Edward Shearmur (the same music that I believe to be used in each episode this series), and that - if nothing else - that's a big warning, do not you think? You can point to costume design, Michiko Kitamura, and say that, at least, is something missing in style and sophistication. There are so many other films and TV shows that are much better to show Japanese "geisha-mode". This is nothing but inferior and I am disappointed. Masters of Horror-episode of Takashi Miike is boring, non-violent and meaningless. In other words; Really, really bad!
