Frankly, the concept of "Masters of Horror" had something to do with it. The big horror directors who are now left aside because the industry has been given the chance to re-direct the horror, I have been doing it from the very beginning. That's until I watched some episodes ... Oh, boy, it's really bad TV. Not only do they seem to give directors very little budget to direct their sketches, but there seems to be some guidelines, such as, for example, recording in HD. To shorten the story, it's bad for artistic reasons and for financial reasons. I can not compare it with Tales From The Cript, and M.o.H. The episodes do not really support the comparison. TFTC was good, MO is bad; I have several explanation keys here: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) from the MZ (50 minutes after the episode), I believe it provided a denser script, with good ideas that appear more often, a better episode review, less the chance to get confused or bored. The duration could have been the reason why the budget was better spent on the TFTC: directors had to have REAL film music composers (MO composers, if not very, very bad), REAL actors (while MOH is nothing but unknown actor after an unknown actor, REAL photograph directors, and sometimes I can help REAL film cameras (while MZ was shot on HD cameras with very wrong parts of the lens), resulting in TFTC episodes that looked and felt " cinematic "in the sense that they played a real glance from Michael J. Fock to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but behind him were also film composers, from the scene of Alan Silvestri, the great directors of photography such as Dean Cundei writers of top-level scenarios, and in that sense each "Story" was a small movie of its true kind. Compared to the TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a pretty chromatic approach to TV horror. It's hard to stand by watching it if your standards are related to cinema just above the average, it looks like any other ugly TV series, if not worse. It gets bored and even uncomfortable fast, in the first 10 minutes. Actors are never heard before vannabes (except for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and several of them, but even there, they are the only known actors of their episodes). The director's base for the MZ was good at the beginning, but the worst and the worst with each episode: now, even if the directors are unknown to the world, what remains? Nothing! And it's ridiculous that they begin to have complete unknown directors until they are, for example, Stan Winton, Dick Maas, Villiam Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, Villiam Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahi ... If even and "Masters of horror" can not bring dead directors into life, who will? Maybe repeating Tales from the Crypt.
