The infamous "classic" plan Ed Vood out of the universe contains a bitter alien who calls the human race "... stupid! Stupid, stupid stupid!" I must say that exhibition A in this trial is probably this movie, a funny stupid science fiction movie. The falling star of the action, Jean Claude Van Damme, returns to the hit role for him from the original film Luke, a former Universal Soldier who is now doing really good universal soldiers. Although Van Damme was too big to repeat the role in the first two sequels, he was too small to do a lot until the fourth film in the Universal Soldier series appeared. So, probably cursing under his breath, he murmurs and murmurs and hurts for ninety minutes of explosions and karate blows. You will find a lot of insane violence, but I would advise you to look at the coat of your brain at the door when you begin to look at this thing. Otherwise, you can forget where you left it to the end. Port is called into action against multiple universal soldiers after a really really evil computer named Seth (makes HAL looks like Gandhi) turns all other universal soldiers into evil, insolent killers. Of course, this is what these things are programmed to do, but in this case they kill their creators, not the "enemies", so that's the problem. I love the stupid logic of this movie. A logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself seems to be ashamed of Michael Jai Vhite. The logic that dictates that the creator of Seth is a blonde cyber-stereotypical monster who often clips clichés than Old Faithful does not pair. The logic that has the ultimate fight against karate has two faces that hit each other through ten separate windows of broken glass in a span of three minutes time. On the film is a daughter in danger, wrestler Bill Goldberg, like a wrestler disguised as a universal soldier, and a romantic that is so attached, I must think that writers who have thought about novels are actually a good thing. And when this film is over, it ends. Not a minute after a huge explosion in the final style, loans are running. There is no epilogue, no where they are now, no final kiss, only explosion, hugs, more. Even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible. Although it's not Plan 9, the US: TR is a stupid little bit of action movie that would be fun at fun-filled parties Van Damme fans who enjoy watching their hero reach new depths. Not to be seen on a serious stomach.
