We are opening with Colonel Luc Damever, the original Universal Soldier and his alive Asian friend who are persecuted by the river through what looks like universal soldiers. They almost killed the two of them, so wait, it was just a field test. The Deverauk we found is now part of a government-funded company that designs a new level of universal soldiers. Why would he want to be involved in this (if you know something about the original) never explains and goes beyond me? After this bad piece, the real story takes place. The United States government has reduced the budget of the Universal Soldier's project, and in this process it has infuriated SETH (a major artificial computer that manages universal soldiers). Of course it will not be closed without a fight. That means Van Damme has to go and pull out all new types of universal soldiers. What sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a movie about the sequel, but it does not stop it from becoming stupid like hell. For example, one of the new universal soldiers is Bill Goldberg. Apparently you can not make a mistake by throwing a wrestler into an action movie. He's big, hard, is not he? Wrong. Van Damme seems to have no problem wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point I lost. Then there is the breaking of glass. The basic part of every action movie, but someone who is involved must have a glass fetish. You must see the fighting scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts or at least slips. Then put a cherry on the top of this wreck of the train, they have a SETH (computer) that provides the human body for themselves and how convenient it is when they make a black guy black (Michael Jai Vhite). Nothing better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy. Potentially offensive and just disgusting. He's not a substitute for Dolph. Universal Soldier 2 is a bad sequel. It's funny, stupid and does not care. The original was nothing poetic, but made a simple sense with an element of science fiction and entertained at the basic level. The continuation is not. However, they keep running time under ninety minutes and somehow have found a way to squeeze into the strip club club sequence. So give the loan where the credit is due.
