The first time I heard about Unison 2 when I was passing the cinema when I was on vacation in America. I really did not care much about this until I bought the original on the DVD that led me to find out about the three sequels. After that I began to read about the return to IMDB and asked my friends what they thought about it. Despite their terrible criticism, I still retreated to see it and I was on the verge of buying it until I saw it on a DVD. I did not expect much, but I thought he had to be half decent to get a theater release in the United States, after all, how often do you see Van Damma on the big screen? Well, nothing could prepare me for this. It's so bad I almost cried. What is the total loss of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how bad this move is. Sincerely. This is the idiotic filming of the movie. No, it's more than idiotic. I just can not believe how it was made. I can not believe someone's ever killed Michael Rogers. How many people can be stupid - first, Van Damme actually thinks the script and the finished movie are good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, Terminator 2 and Air Force One status, dedicated this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It is taken so seriously, but it encounters an audience as a hoax. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is a man again) - "I want my dad," SETH- "Me". Oh ieah, and some guy is trying to extinguish SETH by pulling three large levers with - wait - ON and OFF written on them. The acting that plays is like a playroom. I am sure that Mr. The director modeled Luc's reporter girlfriend in April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles. I mean, come on - how many clichés a movie can use? Please listen to IMDB users - do not touch it with a bar. To conclude, Universal Soldier: Return has nothing to do with the first movie. In fact, if they are not called UniSols, then you'll never know it was a sequel. Luc is a man again - what the hell? The only place he can access the Internet is in a comic book. All the new Uni Sols look like they are being pulled out of the street, they are unconvincing. This is a pure torture to be watched, so do yourself a favor - do not be tormented. P.S - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps from the building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'.
