After looking at the low-budget version of the Universal Soldier franchise, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme reprise his role as Luc Devoreauka in the second Unisol film. Well, it seemed that this prayer was answered, but not in the way I had hoped. The Universial Soldier 2 is very intense as reading poetry in your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. Sequences of the fight are top quality, Bruce Lee, which is the only redeeming factor in the whole pathetic pronunciation of the film. That and the fact that former VCV legend "Goldberg" played a bad guy. However, setting up Goldberg as Seth's assistant assistant would be better. <br /> <br /> We made the most outrage that the film was alone. It's like some students of the film school were applauding together. The breakthrough cavities are so much greater than ego Crane West that what actually did this film. For example: Luc's daughter, Hillary seems to be at least 11-13 years old, and the first film was shot just seven years ago. How is it possible? Tell me that! The part in which Luc's partner was killed and turned into Unisol is only the repetition of the damned! You want to tell me that at the beginning of the film was an experimental Unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex. Come on. The director could have spent more time with this film as the first one and he screwed up all the curtains. But oooh nooo! Speaking of Land, IT SUCKS! Compared to the first film, the action of Universal Soldier 2 is bent and worthless. Where are the brave excitements in which Unisol delights and renews his last memories in the supermarket's wildlife thinking of his desert storm or something like that? It was the dawn of the Millennium, you would attract more audience if it happened in the dystopia / orwellian type of the future hole. Corni is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad follow. From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and hell, even a cheap / non-class Terminator knock-off "Class of 1999" is more fun than this!
