OK I saw this movie in order to get a benchmark for bad, but with this film, Unisol's best movie, now Boy Devere is now a technical expert working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has gone through countless training hours and struggles with him to perfect and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to create a new, stronger type of soldier that is more sophisticated, more intelligent and agile. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are linked through an artificial intelligent computer system called SETH, a self-evolving thought spiral. When SETH finds that the program of a universal soldier will be closed due to budget cuts, he takes things into his "hands" to protect himself. Killing those who try to turn off his power, and freeing up his line of super-soldiers led by Romeo, SETH respects Deverauk, just because Deverauk has the secret code needed to deactivate the embedded program that will close SETH in a few hours. With the help of a hacker called the Skuid, SETH takes a human form. Not only Luc has to fight with an ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luc also has to fight General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Luc's wounded 13-year-old daughter, Hillary, and is now held hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luc first-hand knows how UniSol thinks, feels quarrels. now there are problems like in any movie, as it was to some strange how the reporter was just there and the soldiers could match the truck, but when Vanne Damme shoots them with a single bullet and they die and the last scene of the fight was incredible when Luc is now a human being, and Seth is 5k stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can hit him. with the last battle when Lu hit him in pieces, I was really surprised that the parts had not melted and reformed him (Terminator 2). Another thing that bother me is that Van Damme gets good actors to play cousins. I mean, in the case of Van Damme, it's completely out of the net like this movie. The Music Score, which must be mentioned whether you've ever listened to a song in which you'd rather cut the board with a knife like Universal Soldier 2, is like that. The good side is that there is no Dolph (HOORAI) and unlike the first has only one goal scene, while in the first there are many (still I'm being stunned by the scene in # 1) and the actors have some talent while the first group was sadistic (if you do not believe I'm asking for it)
