In the depiction of the miserable Milan subclass, this film was probably quite revealing in its time. However, I have the feeling that neorealism has never been the director of De Sicine bags, because here he decided to try to create a kind of modern fairy tale that turns around a boy who was found in cabbage by an old dear in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto lives in a barrack in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants in the action of the community and maintains their spirit by supplying them with a boring permanent smile on their faces and testing them at their tables. No one tells him where to hold his tables in time is behind me, because these people have a lot more important things to think about, like where the next Pot Noodle will come from. In any case, De Sica uses a sublime subtle dramatic device to emphasize why these poor people are where they are. All this, of course, to capitalism, and to illustrate this, he had the poor people who discovered the source of oil on their soil. Brilliant! However, by that time, he gave up making a serious film, and the capitalists appeared as serious caricatures, all fur coats and cigars. They want this country, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. With bizarre luck, his old, late guard on the day of the cabbage appears in the sky and gives him a magical pigeon. He uses it to shower presents with his friends, who show themselves as greedy as men's cigars. I think this film is a missed opportunity. In order to deal with the issue of poverty, as there have not been many filmmakers so far, and then found himself in fairy tale, it seems a bit silly. How come 'big' directors come up with children's plans like those we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably refrain from the idea that poor people go through the Milan cathedral and to a higher position on the broom. De Sica, however, was declared a genius. It is certain that these people are so poor, that their faith is unwavering, and that miracles never happen to them, enough for any narrator to work on it. <br /> <br />
