The mind is reduced to what the universal soldier deserved a continuation. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, would not be able to reprise his role from the original, there is already a small reason to fall into this obvious tax-write off. Courageous attempts were made to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai Witte. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to have the time of his life on this film, and makes a fair stab in order to fulfill the necessary role of the comedian. Once, his role is a type that involves repeating the same line several times, and it does not become irritating. The problem with the public's view is that none of these gentlemen have any sense in comical times or little humility, which Lundgren seems to enjoy watching in almost all of his films. And that's where the problem lies. You're not going to see Van Damme movie because you want a serious action. You go because you want a comedy, however unintentional. Without the knowledge of many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two direct video footage. I only saw the first one, which had such a poor production value, that it could only be asked if it should have been a complicated joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in Luc Deverauk's role that once in a career, the look at Jean-Claude Van Damme came as a welcome relief. The film more or less completely ignores the stories of the above-mentioned direct video sequences and instead begins a new story that has been determined indefinitely after the events in the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project continues, with some minor changes. First, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to damage than their previous relatives. On the other hand, all Unisoles are now under the supercomputership called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH is primarily a series of abstract graphics inside a glass dome. Since the movie barely lasts for more than eighty minutes, it was quickly told us that the financing of the army is being cut. Unisol project is on the block for blocking, which essentially means SETH will be turned off. SETH, somehow listening to this conversation through means that have never really been explained, decides to mobilize Unisols as an army against those who want to close it. His only problem is that every time he needs to enter the code in his system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two people own the subject code. SETH kills the first in a short line, and those who are familiar with the set of pitches Van Damme's films are designed to hit within five seconds of the second. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols's attempt to get to Van Damme without harming him. The film is woven with a daughter and a reporter, but she adds as much stories as Van Damme in the acting profession. The film is loaded to the top of ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transmits its command module to Michael Jai Wyte's body, we get a talk on how people's time has ended. He continues to speak to his infantry that fear and mortality will be the weakness (s) of mankind. Gee, SETH, you think there will not be our strong sides? Everything that is joking, the short length of the film is both the weakness of the film and its strength. Leaves the action without the proper setting. In the original, we have been given a very detailed explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are brought into a state that can be seen in most of the movies. Here, it seems, the writer takes it for granted that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how they function. At least in the original, the moment of curiosity and wonder was created by giving an explanation for later in the film when the hero lies in the tub of ice. Here, one of the villains was killed by a pistol that leaves massive holes in the uniform (and probably his body), they stood up every time without stopping with breath. for films that are so bad to become entertaining in a completely unintentional way. If you see it cheap, get out. This is a movie that makes me lose Misteri Science Theater.
