When I was 16, I saw a documentary: "The funny thing happened on the way to the moon". I really liked it and I believed in it for several years. But then I grew up and started to think, and when I asked for more information. This is: more information from sources for reels and impartial sources. When I started studying at college, not so long ago, I asked the astronomer assistant on these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: he said that all these theories lie. It confused me, I did not believe it first, but then he presented the evidence for his claims. He quickly revealed most of the theories about this subject: "People did not go to the moon". The most insulting claims that the Apollo-vessel could not travel through the Van-Allen radiating belt, without a crew that had disappeared from radiation. It is true that Americans use a secret aluminum anti-radiation alloy. This is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it secret: Well, then why would you find it? If they were in a space race with the Russians, then it would be VERY foolish to discover that they had a new technology that could protect the radiation crew. And then the biggest evidence of Moon Stones is. When the Apollo missions went to the Moon, they returned many stones from the Moon to give them geologists and similar scientists who document all the things about the Moon. These walls and stones are in fact from the Moon. Because: the inner basic elements, of which all matter consists, are also made of special isotopes, which differ from quarry to quarry, land to earth, and especially the planet from the planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proven that they do not come from the earth. Astronauts brought home hundreds of pounds of these walls, proven to have come from outside the country and from the same planet. Ergo: Moon landing where there is no cheating. NASA has gone to another planet: Moon, although it is not a planet, but satellite for the planet, month (duh). These walls are distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It is proved: People went to the Moon - that's the fact, right away. But I do not worry: most conspiracy theorists are mostly unemployed and uneducated, that's mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: People walked by the moon.
