Final Johnny Weymouth's final film as King of the Jungle, after 16 years in the role of TARZAN AND MERMAID, will surely disappoint all but the biggest fans. At age 44, the former Olympian, one of the most active Hollywood "party animals", has long passed through the thin sportiness of his youth and looked tired (although he was in a slightly better condition than in the previous article, TARZAN AND HUNTRESS). Not only did Veissmuller become too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, essentially the "Boy", grew into masculinity (he was a 17-year-old), so he was written from the script, on the pretext that he was "absent at school". Brenda Joice, aged 35, appeared in her fourth of five films like 'Jane' (she would allow the transition when Lek Barker became the new Tarzan, in 1949 TARZAN'S MAGIC FONT) and was still as sexy as ever. > Made by Sol Lesser, in RKO, in a small budget, the actors and team used a cheaper workforce by shooting in Mexico. While the site gave the decisive Latin American air to what is supposedly the darkest Africa, director Robert Florei used the country to a large extent, including in the story jumping from the cliff and Aztec temple. When the young island girl (Tirone) Future bride of power, Linda Kristian, saves Tarzan in the jungle, learns that the local high priest (George Zucco, one of the most persecuted criminals of the film) practically captured the local population, threatening revenge from a living 'God' if they do not execute his offers. The girl was chosen to become the 'God' bride, and she escaped. Faster than you can say "Is this a stupid story or WHAT?", The girl is taken away by the priest and returned to the island, and Tarzan, and then Jane, the vibrant Spanish character "Benji" (charmingly played by John Laurenz, who sings several melodies) and the government commissioner leaves to take over the Deity and his priest (poor Chita stays behind). After a series of discoveries ('God' is simply a fraud in Astec, who works with a priest in the mosques of the rich pearl islands on the island), a bit of struggle and comic relief and the songs of Benjamin, everything reaches a happy conclusion. It is interesting that TARZAN AND MERMAIDI have a musical party of the brilliant composer Dimitri Tiomkin and it is far better than what you would expect from this 'B' movie! While the film would have provided less than a favorable end to Veissmuller's time in Tarzan's skin (he would immediately continue to play Jungle Jim, a more elaborate version of the Monkey Monkey, in the Khakis), the talent raised the overall product at least a little above the total disorder that could have been. Tarzan was getting ready to go and become very sexy ...
