This is probably the weakest 80-year slasher ever made, but how can you be rude to the movie that shows uninterrupted pictures of dozens of lavish ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering in tight gyms? Before it was a horror movie, "Aerobicid" is a 90-minute promotional video that encourages the use of steroids, silicones and other fitness products that stimulate the body. If you would leave out all the footage of fantastic boys who raise their weight and delicious girls pushing their asses and stalks up to unbearable melodies of the '80s, it's probably only 15 minutes left. Enough time to improvise the plot of a sadistic killer that kills young freaks with a big safety needle (yes?). The film opens up with an unexpectedly funny scene of a girl busting between an electric sunbathing machine. A few years later, people appear dead in the same spa. You do not have to be an experienced fanatic horror or rocket scientist to understand that there is a link between killings and a burning incident, right? The case investigation is a seemingly smart cop (and Charles Napier, similar!) And a private detective who is lucky with the most beautiful beauty I've ever seen! Looking through credits, her name is Dianne Copeland obviously, and she did nothing except this party and imbecile of Troma-movie titled "Surf Nazi Must Die". What a lost opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she certainly had two more BIG advantages to help her progress in the show business. The quantity of blood and the quality of the effects of makeup are nothing special. We have a few bizarre stings with a wedge and some human meat from the grill. The buzz at the end of the story is ridiculous and predictable, but at that time nobody takes a serious film anymore. "Aerobicide" (aka "Killer Vorkout") is recommended in case you want to switch all brain functions to one night, but you still feel like watching a movie! Actually, she would make a great double feature with "Death Spa". Both movies have lots of sexy and barefooted pieces? and both films are pretty stupid.
