On returning from IMC6 (San Jose, California), all five (our three Kamala fans) reached us unanimously; The VV was a tough shit and thanks to the film, on Monday, we'll be pretty fucked up. Not to mention, we swore not to be in theaters next year. I will not blame Kamala for having recently encountered a recent interview with cartoonist Madan (on Vijay TV). . He said something similar: "Tamizh Cinema'la Photographi, editing'la namba munnera'na maadri Scenario, directed by Acting'la innum namba munnera'la". When it comes to the script, directing and acting. "While watching VV, those words sound very true. Now, here are 10 reasons for the hatred of this movie: 1. Harris Jeiaraj 2. Harris Jeyaraj 3. Harris Jeyaray hardly hold on to using explosives here, but the fact is that HJ mastered the fine meaning of kissing every one of his recent films ( remember 'Anniian', 'Ghajini') with an incomparable cacophony, he counts as background music. 4. Songs No poems do not move the narrative of the film spatially / temporarily, nor compel you to sit and receive notifications a.Film feels like it's made of four VERY long songs with several scenes between them. 5. Short went too far. VV is at best ready to be a short story, not a 2 hour plus "thriller." To use the clichés here, like the Energizer Bunny that goes on and on, you just do not want this in. The later part of the movie feels like a great momentum. 6. Kamal-Jothika Matching Two ice cubes together could produce more sparks than this pairing. There is no reason to rely on them to join. In fact, every time they merged in the second half of the film, they are irritating to narration. I hate to say that, but the 10-minute novel by Kamalini Mukerjhee does more than what Kamal and Jothika achieve in this film, plus "Thenali". 7. Akcent Kamala Haasana Kamal has this pretentious emphasis that no one speaks either in India or in the US; and it's not new. He has been working since Thoongadae Thambi Thoongadae. It's just a nerve. Imagine what devastation can be caused when his sense of using this strange accent comes to the US location recording. He does not leave him on immigration; he offers advice to his people (confused TN Policajans from Keeranor, Sathoor and beyond) in the honorable Kamanglish ("What I've got here is a common bad police vocation"), a naturally nasty effect. 8. Logic There are several directors that you expect to withstand a certain scale. Gautam badly fired us with some shitty performance at the Department of Common Reason. Which D.C.P in his senses would fulfill his love interest in the streets to talk about such things as committing herself and life afterwards! The scene in the theater was so bad, to the climax; we could hear people behind us to loudly challenge the IK hero. "Is he stupid, can not he just use the Siren or the Light?" (On a busy road, Madras, Kamal-policeman-on-policeman-jeep hunts a guy on a bicycle like every ordinary guy!). "Can not he just use his pistol?" ("The bike type" starts on foot and we have a fully focused Kamal in search of large amounts of time). I do not vote for later, but I'm just trying to explain the mood inside. 9. Up And Violence If I want to watch women who are raped, their throats are reduced, more women rape and throw into the bushes with terrible authenticity, I would sit at home and would rather watch "Police report "or" Kuttram ". The use of excessive violence should go in ways to prolong the story, not to overwhelm it! Somewhere beneath the Gautum line it looks confused about what is the extensions (rapes, murders) and what is the main (story)! 10. Even double-stroke espresso could not get the pain from the head.
