I saw "Paris Je T'Aime" because a friend really wanted to see him, so I went with him. I entered, I was indifferent to the film, but I left the theater and I really complained that I spent 2 hours of my life by implementing this lukewarm production. "Stories" are almost completely forgotten, except that most of them were terrible. What does Gena Rovlands and Ben Gazzara have with Paris? The endless parade of American actors definitely gave this French film an extraordinary non-French feeling. The clichés of Paris were endless. Yes, most of them played clichés about Paris, but by spending so much time in ridiculing French clichés, they directly and unfortunately promoted them once again. Yes, Paris is a city of love. The worst segments were: the one directed by Ves Craven (Oscar Wilde); the one with Nick Nolte; mime one (the worst?); hair products one; one with Juliette Binoche (Villem Dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of Paris?); vampire (when I think of Paris I mean Eliyah Vooda). She with Natalie Portman, who really looked like Mentos' ad and was stupid (a blind man should know that Portman only plays the role when she called him). It's still on. He felt infinite. I did not like Coen Bros either. He's really playing with those Parisian clichés, but it was not funny for me. Just annoying. Gus Van Sant was an interesting one, but he was so insignificant (and the line was obvious) that he was barely registered. leaves her baby in kindergarten just to keep the baby for a rich woman. Nice irony there. And the Segment of the African who is stabbed. This is the best segment in the whole movie, but this segment has nothing to do with Paris. A story could happen in any city around the world. The last segment, one with a bumpy middle-aged woman, was too interesting, but the basic tone was bad. They wanted to celebrate her limited understanding of the French language, but the segment was disgusting. The whole project was forced and uninspired. Almost as the French government sponsored this film for the promotion of tourism. All in all, with only 10 to 15 minutes of interesting things, "Paris Je T'Aime" was a terrible film experience.
