Some guy got a kick. Looks like this other guy is firing him. There are some bodyguards, and they kill the killer, but the journalist becomes interested. She goes to the hospital where they have taken a guy who was hit. She went in and hid a bodyguard, but she does not want to talk. I can not understand why. It's not like anyone else's interested. She's the only reporter out there. In any case, her editor is discouraged to work on this miserable story. But hey, she does it anyway. She's going to see the killer, sister and mother. A few minutes after she left, they got a great opportunity ... someone blows up their trailer ... a huge fireball. Then she's looking for a bodyguard from the hospital. She found him on her boat, but a minute later, both of them are underwater sucking on the diving pool, as three of them are trying to kill them (and lift up a large ship ... a huge fireball). A journalist and bodyguard strikes two guys trying to kill them. During the next hour, another guy will be deceived over the street, there is shooting with a few stiffness in the warehouse, some car fights with wreck and death, fake suicide, and so on. etc. stiff, they are all corrupt. Great things, but what the reporter and bodyguard can not figure out is: why the hell the original guy was hit. What is the motivation? Of course, this can help us understand why the reporter is interested. Through almost all this, she is the only reporter of the story. No one else in the media cares. Not even with all the big fireballs and dead bodies. True, the original guy who was hit was not really a celebrity. His job was a little boring. He was just the president. Yes, the one who lives in the White House. Oh, and the bodyguard is a secret service agent. Is it a spoiler? It should be. After all, there are no television cameras, no other print journalists, no blogs ... just one of those policemen who are killing ... So, who is the spoiler? Lemme think ... No! Wait! The spoiler is that his wife did it! Yes ... the first lady. She was lost because the president joked. And she got out of it. She's really harsh, huh? But how could he ever have understood it at all? Why should anyone try? After all, only one reporter is even interested. This move is given by "1". It was so stupid that I just had to watch. And it just got stupid! It's a real spoiler! But even though I told you, you have to see it in order to believe it!
