My wife and I just finished this film and I came to IMDb to pity reviewers who thought this film was less satisfactory. However, out of 10 review pages, only a few are negative. I feel that this film is a great concept that is terribly worse and I want to warn those who want to watch the film in the future. I admit, I'm more inspired to write reviews when I do not like a movie than when I do it, so my comments are negative. However, this does not mean that I'm prone to not enjoying the movie, but I often find more glaring reviews of the movies I enjoy. Paris is the most demanding film. for years. Using the "intelligent" concept and attributing a great talent several times to short stories, the film ends the worst of all the worlds. It is art for art, but something that a two-year-old could dream and accomplish. Directing the director for free rule of 5 minutes of the screen proves why there is division of work even in the party. Directors can not write, writers can not manage. (I would like to add that Clint Eastwood is overestimated, but this is because the actor is a director (which rarely works, or)). What ends up on the screen is a distorted mess of short stories that makes no sense, they are not finished in 5 minutes and a total, spoils me Paris. Why is it called Paris is that when the cluster name f * ck is more appropriate? There are only a few stories that can be watched, and the most significant is the work of Alfonso Cuaron, but everything else will fall into obscurity. Coen's Short Coach is passable, but can you name their movie that does not include a guitar scene? As if all the directors decided to do whatever they wanted and chose Paris as a place for it. How we all love Paris, including the current company, we are blinded by the fact that this movie is SUCKS. In fact, I think they put the names of the directors on each of the short films, because the directors saw that the film was bad and decided to make sure they were blamed for only 5 minutes. Seriously. SERIOUSLI. People, Natalie Portman is NOT a good actress. She is not a dream girl dreaming of being yours. And Maggie Gillenhaal, why?!? Are you people who act or just come back from other movies? I look at you Natalie Portman (Garden State, Closer), Elijah Vood (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Mary full of mercy). Another comment on the acting: I give double praise to Nick Nolte who plays and looks more humane than it is in years or maybe ever more. Find out his short content on iTunes because his five minutes are pretty nice. Writing short stories is very difficult and only a few authors correctly understood it. I'm thinking of Ernst Hemingway, Raimond Carver, F. Scott Fitzgerald and John Chever, to mention just some. It's much harder than writing a full novel, and only genuinely talented can do it. The same can be said for short films. It seems that only one director will live in the history of history. If you support Paris as a jewel that you will discover and reflect through your own lenses with your story, then do not expect to enjoy this movie. Directors did not care or were lazy. In both scenarios, up to the moment of reading, this means that you rented it. Thank you for not paying $ 10 per head in cinemas.
