At first glance, this film would seem to be dealing with a psychological process called individuation, that is how to become a true self accepting the so-called 'dark' side of human nature. Therefore, we have Darkling, a classically shady devilish creature desperately seeking a society (that is, recognizing) men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is addressed, more or less successfully. However, if we dig a bit deeper, we discover that what is actually about this movie is how you should treat your car as for any other person: - in the starting scene, the main character (male a car mechanic who fell from grace) is gathering pieces of pieces from the wreckage of a car with his daughter, when the wreck of the car almost smashed a little girl. Lesson 1: Cars are people immortalized with immortal souls, and stealing from car wrecks is identical to robbery of graves. The evil men have been upset and must be punished. - right after that, the second figure (Rubin) buys a wreck of a car that intends to repair it and sells it as a lost-now-found glorious racing vehicle and warned by the seller. Lesson 2: Like every other person, the car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there is also a craft that Rubin actually sees hidden quality in what most people would consider as garbage, but in the end it turned out that quality was the projection of Rubin's personal greed for greater profit. Lesson 3: You will never treat your car only as a means, but always as an end in itself. - then we have a scene in which the main character is introduced by Rubin and, more importantly, Rubin's car: The rating of the protagonist about the characteristics of the car is based not only on its external appearance, but also on a detailed overview of the interior. Lesson 4: The car is not only evaluated by appearance, it's what's really important in the car. There is a punishment for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as we see on a scene where another man is trying to sell Rubin a fake collector car. This scene also highlights the importance of the lesson # 3. There are also many other examples in the movie about the car = person, and now I am too tired to try to cite all of them, but the point remains (and I think this is what really I'm trying to say that this movie is fun to watch if you do not have absolutely anything else to do - or if you're a car lover.
