Maverick cop with family problems and tendency to use his pistol? Check it out! Isolated location with a worthy object that is asked to be stolen? Check it out! Tasti looking love interest ?? Check it out! A diverse band of stupid cardboard cannons with dodgy European accents? Check it out! German sounds a bad guy played by an English actor with a piece of dueling dialogue for every occasion? Check it out! Corni one liners ?? Check it out! My dear, is this movie a real little or what? The clichés are thick and fast as avalanches, and most actors just stand and watch how bad the script is! In an apparently cheaper and cheerful video only on the video only Die Hard set up on the mountain (along with some nicked line of the above) we have all the usual actions the move of the cliche has been declared progressive as we went along with someone good old-fashioned violence and nudity thrown into the wake of anyone in the audience who can only have Jack Vild, a policeman who is fully in John McClane's regime, who even manages time for the ancient bad guy with a gun that used all his bullets at one time. In this mess, there are several well-known recognizable faces that I can only assume that cash is needed and / or that I simply let them laugh from pointless scenes that had nothing to do with the complication to the ultimate unbelievable conclusion complete with a rope dialog and even a minor effect. If you look at these three pounds from the Supermarket on the IMDb, I'm amazed to discover that this dude did not produce any one, but two sequels, and I have to find these gems on DVD! It seems that the first continuation of the rolling Under Siege 2 and the second sequel knows well! One thing that is always a bad sign is that the actor playing with Jake changes with every movie, and even his name seems to change for the third version. However, blind purchases of cheap DVDs would simply not be. the same if the studies did not continue with the material of this terrible quality !!
