Near the final stages of Babi Mama, one of the central characters continues to describe the basic view of everything that preceded and summarizes that it was "everything was just a mess"; I really can not say anything better than that. And while this characteristic has its strange air of hope every time and again, the vast majority of what is present is too sterilized to be considered relevant and too incomprehensible so that anyone is worth the time. The lack of actors, fashionable scripts and vague, caricature characters ensure that a baby mother certainly does not tax an old one, but that never compensates for her proposed sense of humor. It consists mainly of very routine, cliche jokes based on an unusual couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring the baby to the world, the film is too esoteric to mock outside its very thin demographic group. As a story of finding love, it's not so bad, but playing this plot as a story about a kind of work with a comical tangent of odd pair, the characterization is particularly weak, which results in a lukewarm romance that never leaves. The characters themselves, both central figures are slightly fun when composed in small spaces, but when left alone, they quickly discover and reveal their emptiness; so that while we can finally find the interaction of the character with others fun from time to time, the comedy never goes beyond distant laughter; We do not feel for the characters and we do not consider them inherently interesting, but their dynamics. Unfortunately, although this dynamics works best, or at least better than individual individuals, as mentioned above, it rarely occurs outside the typical boundaries of the odd formulas. Kate (Tina Fei) is a successful businesswoman who hired a working class, stupid Angie (Ami Poehler) to become her surrogate, and after Angie decides to leave her hopeless husband Carla (Dak Shepard), both In the end, they must learn to live together despite their obvious differences. Yes, it's a typical premise about odd pairs, and the one we've already seen in this year's edition of Vhat Happens and Vegas, but what Babi Mama does not have in the mentioned movie is chemistry between performers and semi-luminous characters. Kate and Angie fail to show a lot of personality beyond the two-dimensional display, and as such, both performers are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce from the air. In fact, the only rights of performance and character of the film comes from the insufficiently exploited talents of Romani Malco who is entangled in playing the man at the door. Since several times when I laughed at Baby Mama, most of those moments were due to this man, and the rest was usually dropped on Shepard. It's a rare thing to find a movie that embodies its Themes scripts in the way that its world was captured and presented to us through the camera, and director Michael McCullers is fast enough going from side to side screen. However, for a movie about babies, millions of dollars of business and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby mother is class A, hammi, a plastic town with a head of sugar. So, not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but simply did not care for the world in which they lived. The dialogue, together with the sets, costumes and general theme of the script, is painted with pastel blouses and pinks so that all the nuances of mankind are lost in the regular unceasing need to feel his film as a sterilized fantasy; Are not these characters and this is not our world in any way? So why should I care? After all, the ultimate gauge of the success or failure of a romantic comedy is reduced to its chemistry only between its love interests and the frequency of its laughter; Baby Mom is a little happening in these departments. Of course, to say that the film was of no value was unfair. I am sure that a female public in a similar boat as the main character Kate can get a slight blow from the procedure, but anyone else will probably just feel deprived and probably bored. In this sense, the baby's mother avoids being unbearable, but never assures that anything extraordinary or worthy to look at anyone outside of his immediate audience; comic dude and romantic mismatch, baby mom is too bright to be interesting and too shallow to entertain. - Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http: //vvv.invocus.net))
