** SPOILERS *** Slowly as a melamy film about a mummy that includes this redemption in the Valley of Kings in Egypt that must be interrupted so that the indigenous population, who at the time resisted the British rule, remained on it. Given the task that this archaeological excavation comes to its supreme British Captain of the Storm, Mark Dana, along with several British soldiers and Mrs. Silvia Kuentin, Diana Brevster, husband of the bathing man Robert Kuentin, George N . Neise, the mummy tomb is dug up. On the way there, Captain Storm Silvius and his men encounter this desert princess Simiru, Ziva Rodann. Simira looks like superhuman in her ability to resist the rigors of desert life. drink water or get tired, but he knows what Captain Storm & Co is looking for. and warns him and his group to stay away from the tomb, Pharaoh's Ra Ha Tet tomb. In the grave chamber of Ra Ha Aunt Robert Kuentin and his team of archaeologists along with their Egyptian guides, Simir's brother Numar, Alvaro Guillot, have already opened their tomb before Captain Oluja arrived there to stop them. Quentin has violated Ra Ha Ha's body by dr. Farradia, Gui Prescott, cut the bandages. This action at Roberts and Dr. Farradi's work has Numar dead in its tracks. Later, it turns out that Numar was somehow obsessed with Ra Ha Teth's spirit or soul who took over his body and made him aged, at the rate of 500 years per hour, to become 3,000 years old mummies. The film is Numar dressed in something that looks like a pair of pajamas that roam around the tomb Ra Ha Aunt and the surrounding attack and sucks the blood to survive, like a vampire, any man or animal into which the Contact is with. This bloody adventure, Numara, with him later lost right-handed, continues for a while until the boring Kuentin did not try to find the entrance, you actually thought he had already found him Ra Ra Tet had a tomb \ t He was killed an indoor slide. At the end of the film we learn that Numar, absolutely no surprise, actually Ra Ha Tet reincarnated into another, some 3000 years later, a person or life. Numaro's sister, mysterious and sexy Simir, is not only Ra Ha Tet's sister, because he and Numar are really one and the same person, but also the Egyptian goddess Babie cats! It's also not that hard to figure out. With Numar / Ra Ha Tete in his tomb and all deaths, due to the curse of the Pharaoh, now Captain Storm Silvius and everything else left of his people and the archaeological expedition of the deceased Robert Kuentin are traveling their way back in Cairo and modern, it's 1902, civilization. The surviving Pharaoh Ra Ha Tet Curse retained what they found, and dug it out, to themselves, because no one would have believed them.
