I begin to think that there is a conspiracy, OK: the one that includes the money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its ambiguity, wants to achieve a higher status through points that will label it "universal recognition" or something in that range, ensuring that people who do not suspect (like me) wander into the theater or rent a bloody thing, expecting a surprise, just to find myself climbing to the bathroom and upchuck. This film is one of them. Definitely, I'm circumventing every published article I'm encountering, because it's pretty clear that two things could have happened: or I did not get a message that is so hidden beneath the inner spheres of this movie that it's impossible to access, or they also watched two completely different films that they had the same name. 4 is a dirty trick to the audience. No wonder he appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating he received on Metacritico, no one heard about it. It's terrible with sugar at the top. First, there is always a number four from the beginning to the end. Although there are few symbols here and there is fine, and this has been done with varying degrees of success in many famous films, this film is breathed with it. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera in the current empty street, when suddenly, the machine drops to the foreground and continues to open the asphalt. Four people in the bar, although one of them is not an entity. Three of them go in different ways, but they are interlinked, not only with one another, but also with what their lives are not. Although this concept can work, the film is so much muted - especially the story of Marine Vovchenko's future model that goes to the territory of an extremely bizarre, and not in a good way - the starting topic gets lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "did not understand". The problem lies in the fact that so much time is spent on Marina's story (which revolves around the death of her sister, chewing bread, no less, until late, sharp sadness that follows) that every interest in inherent surrealism is scattered without a trace. So, what if the same scary stories that three strangers changed in the bar have their own truth? The director does not invest much time in genuine joining, or weaving a tougher story that could, in the way of David Linchian, be crossed either with the past-present, or in alternative dimensions, or even as simple, earthly science-fiction. This is a sublime struggle against an insurmountable wall that only one saint (or someone with a strange name) can withstand.
