I watched the film at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I'm still working on the trauma. In essence, my look seems to match the number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, funny and promising. He behaved well. Natural. My problem, however, is not only in the fact that the last hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with a nice start, nor with the fact that I spent most of my time in cramped agonies in sharp industrial sounds and blinking in drunken, impassive hacks for chewing bread. This is more likely with the fact that they are NOT MANY WRITTEN !!! A brief description of the festival brochure described only (extremely intriguing sounds) in the first half hour - a whore, a piano tuner and a meat salesman talking at the bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, a genetic engineer or a small civil servant - do not think whatsoever the endless slump of the coming rubber. It serves me not to read reviews, maybe I would say - but for my defense, the many criticisms I looked at in the post-facto did not emphasize the immeasurability and total intolerance of most of the film. The first point was the introductory word of the director (shy Russian youth) who stepped in front of the crowded hall (it seems that the film is incredibly well criticized, and the tickets were sold out well before the screening, although most viewers seemed unconscious like I was in pain , judging by the abundance of extraterrestrial eagles and exhilarations that have thoroughly permeated the theater during the past half an hour, and many outrageous comments at the exit) to say the following: 'Well, I ... uh, thank you very much for coming to watch this film, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long movie ... \ t Four years to do it, and ... it's .. I suggest you see it and immediately try to forget about it. It's been a long time. Thank you for coming. ' That's what he said. It was necessary to ring the alarm bells. "What is he talking about?" I thought in a happy confusion. "This will be fun!" Of course, by the time his amazed apologetic comments began to make sense, it was too late to go out. All I could do was to flare up in agony until the lights came back again. And finally I can not say that I feel in any way improved by experience. Yes, I absolutely loved the first half an hour. She was intelligent, new and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every company has many hidden faces. Yes, the barefoot life in empty deserts is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes Yes Yes. I get all this. I really know. But I do not see any earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonizingly drawn out and so painfully submitted. If you want to see a movie country somewhere between extreme fantastic Hollywood plastics and mild vodka hours, try the Korean-Chinese bin Jip (3-Iron). It's artistic and surprising, but also fun.
