Who could wish to continue the legendary bad trash film Berta I. Gordon's "Food of the Gods"? No one, of course, but director Damien Lee did not think it was a good idea, and he made a late sequel that is one of the most complex films in the history of the horror. "Gnav" is just a continuation of the name, because the setting moved to the typical position of the late 80s (university campus), and also the cheap and cheerful effects above perfectly illustrate the 1980s. This script hangs together clichés, horribly written dialogues and complications of situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good scientist with two shoes who performs experiments in the cultivation of ordinary rodents to serve as a fellow scientist. Because of the incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and hungry rats run away and devour almost everything in the campus. Following the good old tradition begun by Spielberg's "Chelsea", there is an unpleasant Dean who refuses to acknowledge the problem, although seriously corrupted corpses appear everywhere. During the hysterically grotesque climax, the rats attacked the ceremonial opening of the new sports complex of the campus! "Gnav: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and so it's fun to watch! The characters are working and they say unimaginable nonsense (such as getting into the sewage unarmed while they know it is infected with rats), acting is terrible and there is a genuine bizarre sequence that includes a hero who has sex under the influence of serum growth! I wonder what Freud's theory about this would be! There is a satisfactory amount of up and sleaze and ?? has to say? music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you can not get enough of these rubbish, there are many features of the creatures that rotate on mutated rats, such as the Italian movie about Rats: Night of Terror, a humble 70s-old Villard movie and his Villard ". a remarkable sequel to Ben, a remake of 2003. "Villard" starring Crispin Glover and the amazingly good recent war films of formerly famous directors Tibor Ticax ("Rats") and John Lafie ("The Rats"). Crazy!
