MABEL IN HAIR is one of those movies with a story behind a scene that is more interesting than the film itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his year of study, and his first two reel. Here he played one of his latest roles in the crime (although feature-length TILLIE PUNCTURED ROMANCE has just arrived), and also marked one of the last times he would work for another director. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand were almost thrown out of the studio. Chaplin did not agree with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography that had to make the direction from a mere "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel were upset during the filming of this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to think about him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was at the edge of Chaplin's release when he learned that filmmakers were catching up, and the exhibitors wanted more than they had before, so Caplin was promised the opportunity to go in exchange for completing this film as Mabel wanted. Unfortunately, none of these drama is visible on the screen in the MOBILE WHEEL, which looks like a typical Keystone chaos. The story relates to an auto race in which Mabel's beau (Harri McCoi) will compete, but evil Charlie and his supporters are snatching a guy, and Mabel must take the steering wheel in place. For all the racing circumstances, throwing bricks and biting your finger, the movie is sincerely short of laughter, but there are several interesting points. There is some good cinema and editing in the race, although in fact there are no gags, only a lot of frenzied activity. Sam Chaplin looks strange, wears a chin-like beard and wears the cap and coat he wore in his first film appearance, MAKING A LIVING, but the clothes fit the old-fashioned crime he displays. At least it's a novel to watch him play such an unusual role. Visible at the racing track stands are Keistone stalstars like Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in an oddly dated rise, and more prominent Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and performing his usual routine of a foolish edge. As a performer, Sennett was subtle as the films he produced, but you have to give the guy a confession: he knew what people like. These films were very popular in their time. Mack's performance does not add a lot to the MACHINE, but he probably had to be at hand to record this to make sure that his stars are not killing themselves.
