After studying a large amount of commentary on this film, it is clear that there are two types of film film researchers. There are those who are well-read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of this genre, and, more importantly, they know how much he can reach in the hands of a gifted author. For many years, science fiction was lying in the basement of literature. He was considered my greatest critic as more than a story about pistols and aliens intended for teenagers before puberty. Today's well-read fan knows this history well, and he knows the great writers of Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of that basement. In doing so, they created intelligent stories that were carried out by thoughts, which stretched across borders and redefined human conditions. These well-informed fans are critical of what Hollivood is throwing at them. They are not critical for his own good, but look at every offer with a skeptical view. (As the Hollywood record should be less than a star.) For these fans, the story must have the highest significance. They can not fool them with complicated computer graphics and unstoppable action sequences. When the car has no clothes, screams loudly. Another type of science fiction loving person has little knowledge of the written aspect of this genre. (See many of the above comments that say, "I did not read a book or anything from this author ..." Their complete exposure to science fiction is from movies or Scifi channels, huge cavities, weak rooms, and thin stories if given a healthy dose viz bang actions and great special effects. They are, in fact, ready to exclude their critical thinking skills (or they may never have had them!) While allegedly based on Asim's short stories and named after one of his novels, he contains little of of what Asimov wrote, a even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our Robotic creations. (Those who will go and buy me, Robot will be very surprised - this film is not based at all on this story!) Film there are huge holes, which are stretched in some points to the limits of gullibility, I will not emphasize them, do not feed them with a spoon. You must practice your thinking skills and discover them yourself. The characters, named after many Asim's characters, do not possess critical intelligence that was a characteristic his stories. The action itself with all its action sequences goes against everything the author has represented. His belief that humankind has the ability to solve problems using its minds, not its own fists, is vital to understanding its vision of the future. In short, except for the name, it's very little of Isaac in anything in this film. There will always be those who are uncritical (ie they do not think) who will say: "The film does not have to be like a book. Because of the media, movies sometimes require that changes be made." But what about the case in which the film never tried to stay close to a book (or book) from the very beginning? What if everything they took from a written title title? This raises the question: Why do you blur the great work by hitting it by the title on an empty piece of shit? Save money and do not buy the rights to work. The address is something else. Do not use the names of characters. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In essence, it is irrelevant what is the name for an unread movie viewer who accepts everything you throw. But it will disturb those who read, who think, who are not willing to let you give them a pretty light show. I, Robot, like most Hollywood genre films, are pushing Naucna fantastika back into the basement where she lived many years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. It takes a non-critical, meaningless audience to accept such a crawler.
