After surfing the Internet, I found a series of "Homefront" on DVD on ioffer.com. Before anyone got excited, the DVD set I got was burned by amateurs from home video tapes shot from TV 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are poor. The pictures look like you would expect the old video to look like. Although the advertisements are edited, the final credits of each episode still have voice announcements for segments in the ABC news program "Nightline", along with the main headlines in the early 1990s. Even with poor image quality, the shows were suitable for viewing and sound quality was good. In favor of this show, the casting was almost perfect. Everyone was convincing and really looked like a part. Their performance was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf was particularly well played by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in the remake of King Kong 2005). The costumes from the period were very authentic as well as kits, especially kitchens from the 1940s with antique appliances and decor. The direction was also creative and different for the TV show at that time. For example, conversations between characters were sometimes intertwined with the conversation about the same subject between other characters in different scenes. The dialogue of various conversations was held in liquid, despite the fact that different characters and locations differed. This requires good routing and editing and they have managed to work in this case. As I started to watch this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. In spite of all the ingredients for a fine performance, the shops and stories are from the beginning disappointing and confusing. First, the name of the show is completely wrong. When World War II ended in 1945, there was no longer a fight, so obviously there was no "homefront" anymore. Interestingly, the first episode of the "Homefront" show begins in 1945 after the end of the war. It's like recording a first episode of "Gilligan's Island", showing that the lifeguards were saved. The whole eminent premise premise is completely lost. I was still hoping that the rest of the series would be a flashback, but no, the whole show is taking place from 1946 to 1948. . In the third episode, it is obvious that this series was nothing but a thinly hidden vehicle for the ultra-left political program. The show was set up in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the theme of racism in the series seems to look more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the ensemble is Dick Villiams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. who show the Davis family. A large portion of the series shows that the Davis family is discriminated against by the evil "whites" to the extent that it is ridiculous and completely absurd, if not funny. The map of racism has been played and is now over 40 years old through Hollywood. We understand. We are also tired of everyday rubbing of the nose. The topic of racism is also unpopular with viewers, and it's the kiss of death for any performance, as it was for Homefront. The casting talents of Villiams, Vinston and Macera have been lost in their roles as a stereotyped "scared / angry black family". The wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes it seem like everyone in Ohio were members of the KCC or something like that. The issue of racism could be dealt with in this show in one episode with a simple blow to the nose or a poetry fight, in which the great monastery gets a well-deserved blow and leaves it on it. Commitment of the great part of the series to the issues of racism becomes really very fast and simply stupid. In another funny line, the big head of the local factory (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed as Ebenezer Scrooge as a character who is against the pensions and raises and is not concerned about the acid droplets on his employees. The workers are rebelling and taking over the factory in an open pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. I personally think this series had a great potential. The writers could easily set the time line in 1941? 1945 as the title says and has shown food and gas problems and a working time of 14 hours in war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and husbands who fought abroad would also add drama. The situation was also perfect for writing special guest stars as military or USO personnel passing through their city during training or on a trip to Europe or the Pacific. Opportunities for good stories and complications are infinite. But no, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting complications. Instead, they completely missed the point and strayed into a bizarre and unimportant obsession with racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the entire series, but the plots and the situations in which they were placed are total rubbish.
