A great example of how Hollivood can (and still can) take the masterpiece of literary fantasy and foolishly hide it. can improve the classic pioneering novel by Pulitzer Prize winner, AB Guthrie. In this way, they removed the soul of the story and any edge and influence that it may have had as a film adaptation. The epic nature of Guthrie's book and the evolution of her main character, Boone Caudill, from a naive, young Kentucky into a stubborn and competent survivor / mountain man, is replaced by a diminished river farce that has little similarity to the author's intent. In the film version, Boone's presence is nothing but annoying. Intriguing and even shocking chart elements that give Guthrie a new influence and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason. The most puzzling is the emphasis placed on the Zeb Callovai character, which was a random, smaller figure in the book, just taking up several pages. On the other hand, a very important and fascinating figure, Dick Summers, a veteran pioneer, is missing at all! It is also obvious that director Havks decided that the Zeb figure in the movie, played by the actor Hunnicutt, was not irritating enough. Thus, Zeb / Hunnicutt got a considerable amount of time working on this disgusting, vocal narrator which is a Hollywood short cut for incompetent writing, editing, and screen direction. Some movies have actually improved the books on which they were based ("Ben-Hur" Villyama Vilera is an excellent example). But it is terrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of the novel, but also as a film for itself. The story is boring and cliché, and the characters - at least those that are not arranged scenarios - are just shallow and boring shadows of Guthrie's literary vision. And unfortunately, Kirk Douglas's star, who could help raise the film, was suppressed in the milky way she got. If you can believe, the movie version of Guthrie's Pulitzer Prize is a sequel, "The West West", which also plays Kirk, is even worse. In my opinion, "The Big Ski" further strengthens the position of Howard Havks as one of the most appreciated, lukewarm directors in film history.
