Yes, Kazaam is one of those terribly bad films that almost resemble everything that is wrong with movies for children, but with humanity. Here we have Shaka as a wild genius - that, RAPPING genius - where he does everything from making bad games to wearing funny suits, everything ends in him in Christ's position with a lot of light surrounding him. So, yes, expect really sweet parts, including the first desire to be a lot of unhealthy food falling from the sky (and, unfortunately, you do not destroy the two main characters, especially the child). What can not be expected is that the film with the child and Shakuille O'Neill would be so incredibly sloppy! The main plot of the film involves this kid, who played in such an unusually typical and uncomfortable way, by the great-great-grandfather of Frank Capra (where the boy angrily shouted his dialogue), which came to the spirit that was trapped in a boom box. Then there is "hiareness" while the kid makes Shak-genie his quasi-robes while waiting for his last two desires while trying to forgive his father with an absent type of gang. This really sad, fictitious story about son and dad would be bad enough, because there are certain lines that are spoken in a million other films (ie, "two chances in life" from father to son). But it's Shakuille O'Neill, which is the reason to watch the movie (ironically), and obviously sink all this. His incomplete line includes him, when he does not receive excessive therapy from Capre, to enter the dialogue and start his brilliant career. Above all, he also breaks up and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in the boom-bok. So, is there a film camp? To some extent, it is even crushed by all the gigantic scenes and 'hearty' moments that really do not work with the rest of the material. It could be wondered if the filmmakers, who obviously did it on the order of popularity of the BASKETBALL player who wanted to go to Michael Jordan's acting bandwagon, would have been close to a decent fun or convincing one. I hope that they also knew they were paid. But I would even hope that at least a little felt the guilt for feeding Shak-machines. So if you want to make Shak a fun evening as a genius turned into a benchmark turned to the sage, and you are more fun. Hell, it might be interesting to have a night with Shaka's film with this and his other praised Steel efforts. But if you hope to keep several brain cells, keep away from what is probably the worst hit in 1996, and the candidate among many others for the worst 90s.
