Reviewing KAZAAM and saying that this is a bad movie is not hard at all - after all, critics at the moment they came out came out on the surface of themselves and surprised this movie - saying it was one of the worst movies of the decade! The fact that I say it's bad or someone else says it's bad is not a surprise. As if someone was talking about World War II - practically nobody says it's a good thing, is it? The question I have and there is no room on the IMDb can answer the question: "Why did they do this first?". After all, it's obvious to everyone who is not seriously injured in the brain that the movie will be horrifying. But movies such as ED (chocolate baseball), COOL AS ICE (played by all popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which does not even have trophies in it), BABI GENIUSES (Einstain as a superhero baby) and PINOCCHIO IN OUTER SPACE huh !?) It proves that any idea, no matter how stupid, can come to the big screen! The idea of ​​the best basketball player of that time, who acted as a genius for a disgusting little bartender, looks quite normal! The film starts with a boy who is pretty stiff and locks the cabinets in the hallway of the school. Like a GIRL from FREE VILLA, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total bug) and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible, he learned something and grew up to the end of the film. Just once, I want to see a kid like this end up in jail or dead to the end of the movie! In the end, while the rapists from the neighborhood are in the middle of a blow, the spirit of Kazaam (Shakuille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on bridging three wishes. But the kid does not believe him, and magical magic seems to be rusting. At the end, the bartender realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he denies his wishes so that in the meantime Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere - such as his personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, Mak and Kazaam will become lifelong friends and a bunch of tears will be shed. Oh, and Mak will reconcile with his absent father and mother's fiancé (I'll get stuck). Obviously, this spirit is a little social worker, besides being filled with wishes. As for Kazaam, Shakuille speaks in the vast majority of the film and even makes a break for the tail ... very bad. I'm a middle-aged white guy and I think I could probably repeat it! He is an incredible basketball player and I heard he was a nice guy - but a reper ... there's no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but he had such a beautiful personality in the movie that it was hard to hate him - even if he made him do a lot of stupid things. Is the movie so terribly horrible as you probably heard? through the first two thirds of the film, I would say no. It seems that Shakuille tried to endeavor with an incredible kid and a bad letter. However, later on in the movie, badly becomes terrible - as Kazaam seems to be too concerned about himself to help the kid when he really needs it. And, out of nowhere, the action becomes really, really weird - as it seems that the guy who wants Kazaam to make a rap star (?!?!) Has turned out the evil mobster! And, oddly, it seems that this guy accepts that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! In addition, the last part of the film consists of people who are trying to kill Maka and his father. I know the child was bored, but this should be a children's movie !! What part of the 'attempt to kill a kid' did not the writers understand?!? Then, in the ending that makes this perhaps the worst childish film that ends in history, Kazaam becomes God or something and it was all like a hallucination-induced drug! This region was even more stupid and weird than that of BLACK HOLE ... and a boy, did my brain hurt !! Uggghh - an awful dialogue was too much for submission! All in all, it's a horrible movie that is mostly attributed to writers who were certainly crazy. Yes, people, with a forbidden message, a bizarre material that is not pleasant to children and horrible characters, this is a miserable movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine that the final product turns out to be much worse. By the way, if you want to see Genie in a modern world movie that is GOOD, try the British for the TV film "Bernard and Genie" - a charming and extremely well written film from start to finish.
