This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eira I've ever seen and when I did it, I was stunned by it. So much of this novel is omitted and I think Villiam Hurt is terribly wrong as Rochester. Since then I have watched all other significant adaptations of the novels, three short versions of '44, '70 and '97, and three mini-series '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that there are worse adaptations and up Rochesters. This is no doubt the most explicit adaptation of Jane Eire as far as cinema is concerned. Director Franco Zerifferelli enjoys beautiful long recordings of snow falling from the winter sky, a lonely Rochester on the rock, and Jane looking out the window - but he is less good at telling stories and reviving characters. In addition, his script only scratches the surface of the novel by omitting many important scenes. As a consequence, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately, it also does not include the humorous side of their relationship. There are a couple of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each one is nicely placed, but a few sentences are not enough to show the audience they are attracted to each other. We know they need to fall in love, but we never see that it really does happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to find out Jane's reaction to his dilemma by placing his case in a hypothetical form before her after the wounded Mason left the house is completely missing, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the highlight - the novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other scriptwriters have made by replacing their own poor writing for Brontov's beautiful lines, nor are the crucial scenes completely changed and copied, but he makes it less insulting, but ultimately by a similar big mistake leaving many important scenes. What remains is only a brief look at the novel, which does not represent justice for the masterpiece of Charlotte Bronte. The actor is a mixed bag: while Fiona Shav is a great Mrs. Reed, young Jane Jane Pakuin is more lolita, the doll wanders from a lonely girl, craving for love. Constantly trusted Joan Plovright makes Mrs. Fairfaik's very cute, but too perceptive, and she can not feel that Bili Viteval should play a village witch instead of an obvious, diligent Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine, however, is physically the perfect choice for playing Jane Eire. Watching every 18, thin and fragile, with irregular, strong lines, she is closest to my inner vision of Jane from any other actress in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of her screen, I was enchanted by her performance. Gainsbourgh manages to allow the audience to guess the inner fire and strong will that lies behind the stoic mask. But, unfortunately, the script never allows her to further expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of omitting so many scenes and shortening so many dialogues, Gainsbourgh's portrait of Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and ultimately unsatisfactory. It's a pity, because with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh may have been a good Jane like Zelah Clark in the '83. But while it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there's no sign of Rochester in the character that Villyam Hurt displays. Hurt, who proved to be a good actor in many good films, must have been aware that he was physically and by type so wrong he did not even try to play the Rochester novel. His Rochester, besides being a blonde and a blonde, is a quiet, noble noble man, shy and quiet, somewhat cueer and eccentric, but basically benign and mild. He's so far from being irritable, curious, and eclipse that the lines that relate to these characteristics of his character sound absolutely funny. In addition, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression leaves a person to wonder if he is fighting against acute attacks of sleeping illness. Especially in the scene of the suggestion, he grimaces as a patient who gathers from general anesthesia and can barely keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester with a powerful and charming protagonist of the novel, simply pumping energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, he insulted me less than Rochester in the '70, '97, and '2006' versions, and I would generally rank this Jane Eire more than these three others. Hurt obviously made sense to recognize that he could not be a Rochester novel and therefore did not try to do it, while George C. Scott, Ciaran Hinds, and Toby Stephens thought I could, but they failed, and I'd rather see a non-Rochester character than Rochester who was badly played. I'd rather watch the Jane Eire film that leaves a series of novels, but does not invent a new one, but a version that uses modern-day dialogues that sound like they can tell today's couple in Starbucks coffee shop. Of course, this Jane Eire is a failure, but it's at least harmless, which is more than it can be said for adaptations in '97. And in 2006. So I would not give up watching this adaptation: You will not find Jane Eire, but at least you will find a beautifully made movie.
