Watching the movie, I recently watched this movie at TCM, hoping to be a precious gem, because I'm looking at many films from the 30s. This is not a jewel - not even half-hearted. Anahronistic clothing and Rolls Roice sedan from 1930 hit you right away. And casting is weird. But mostly, there are too many stupid and unnecessary devices for the works. This movie has many good ingredients and a basic promising plot, but the components are not mixed in accordance with the right recipe. It simply does not unite as it should. And that's a shame. With several quite obvious, but minor changes, this may have been a very good movie. The film talks about the American dancer (Jean Harlow) who is looking for a wealthy British husband - preferably from the nobility. He met Franchot Tone and his friend, who are joking at Rolls Roice, owned by his employer friend. Harlow mistakenly assumes that Tone is the Lord owning Rolls, and she looks at him. This early part of the film is a light comedy with no real difference. However, Tone unconsciously reveals the fact that his employer is actually German columnist on the eve of World War I, and that is when the film completely changes the tone and begins to break down. Tony and Harlow are married, but just as the honeymoon begins, he was killed by the type of Mata Hari (Benita Hume), and Harlow escapes from the scene with a passer-by who accuses Tone of the murder. (Actually, Tone is recovering from a wound.) Harlow runs to France, where he falls in love again - this time with a rich French craze (Cari Grant). Tone, now in the military, and Harlow were unexpectedly brought together in Grant's hospital room where he was on a plane crash. In the next scene, Tone accuses Harlo of abandoning him because she is essentially a digger of gold. Harlow never explains that the witness accuses of murder and panic! This is one of those unreal breaks in the story. Then Ton was brought back into contact with the woman (Hume) who shot him. She is on hand to watch her mistress, Grant, testing a new plane that Tone delivered to England. Unbelievable, both Hume and Tone are vaguely recognizing each other, but simply can not determine where! Okay, Tone was killed and died; maybe his memory is a little out of sleep. But how many people did Humea shoot to forget one of their tracks? (She does not seem to be playing a memory loss.) This is inexplicable and unnecessary. Hume should have absolutely recognized him, but he played stiffly when she realized that Tone could not make it. That would be a much better treatment for the issue. The finale is also very unsatisfactory. The film, as it is made, aims to forget Tone and Harlow to preserve the good reputation of Cad, Grant, which led to his false burial as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just leave. It is tempting to preserve the perception of the French public about their national war hero, but very unsatisfactory as a love story! charges of murder; Tone forgives her and quietly renews her love for her; he then wears a torch for her, even as she helps her to equip a place of an accident in order to preserve Grant's reputation. In the meantime, Harlow finally recognizes Grant for what he is. Then, after seeing Ton for a brave and noble man, Harlov again felt his feelings toward him. At the end of the film, the two of them become reconciled even while working together to impose the appearance of Grant's death. After Grant's hero's funeral, we see them hugging and kissing the faded. That would make a nice little movie. For fans of Cari Grant, it would have been even better for Tone to play the French cad player who was killed, and Grant's first husband who suffered, joined with Harlow. An Irishman who lives in England, while Keri Grant is dumped as a Frenchman. This movie would be much better to reverse roles. It would also be more favorable for a movie that should have been ...
