... and you can look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all the nasty and extremely violent scenes. Your crazy imagination does not even come close to some explicitly depicted scenes. The entire parts of this movie are just sick, repulsive, insulting, brutal, and bring you close to throwing out your guts. Now I love horror movies and I am very pro-violence, but I think it has to lead somewhere !! Is that too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely ill and distorted thoughts. "Film" contains four separate chapters that are connected through the story. This results in an endless indication of torture, murder and illness only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not really informative, if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the basic idea of ​​the land certainly has the potential. It is a cannibal hypnotist who has arranged with the devil himself to revenge and cause misery and death to all who were involved in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so they should have focused on it a bit more, rather than wanting to create the most distasteful film ever. . They did not have a lot of budget and spent everything on false blood and courage ... Tone! Actresses are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effect other than make-up looks very amateur (such as an attempt to make a real car crash). There is no tension or atmosphere to discover any place ... even attempts to build one. The cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. In the presence of the death-metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of filth ... see the link?) This film is obviously intended only for the eyes of twin teenagers trying to be controversial. Concerned girls and boys who enjoy taking care of their parents by watching this shit. And then people are constantly complaining that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency increases ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you easily get on it or give up an unstable mind. For every horror fan who respects himself, this film is an insult.
