This film was made for lovers Dani (and Cradle of Filth). I'm not one of them. I think he is just an imitator who drives a black metal bandwagon (though I'm not generally a black metal fan). But while I was wearing this DVD case to pay for it, I was convinced that something more authentic is trying to be more convincing. So I assumed that I was ready to ride a rubber slide and a splash of teeth. That's what I like. I came home and put it in. My patience lasted 15 minutes. AVFUL operation with camera and quality DISGUSTING. And that was then (2002), that it seemed like it was shot with a Hi8 camcorder. I left it on the shelf. Maybe a nice evening with beer and Bomoviya would create a nice environment for this ... picture. After several months I returned to it (in the mentioned environment) and saw half. Then, not only the mentioned aspects were irritated. My dissatisfaction has developed. I noticed that the ridiculous Days (1.65m, 5'5 "high) looked at his platform shoes that separated the head of the robbers. Yet I have not finished yet, so I was not positive. After more a couple of attempts, I finally managed to finish this movie - a few months earlier ... (Yes, it took me 5.5 years.) So, Dani was actually funny as Satan / Manson / super-evil-man HELPER and the film was not it makes sense, why? Well, I guess it's very, very bad. In fact, both are and that's pretty much. We have a couple of short stories to join It was about a guy who steals some sort of thing, because he wants to use it as his own. Yes, that's right. ACTIVE ROCK BOTTOM, and, boy, is Stinger's CGI baaaad) The story does not make sense, but the quality is ... Let's just say it's not satisfactory The only thing that can keep you is untroubled violence and blood The blood and intestines are pretty well made Why you can actually see that the film was there and then He continued on. (Example - The 'The Man' Filth Day takes a stuffed cat - as fake as it can be - and it's brave ... and then eats what turned out. Why? We never know about illegal substances because its heart is almost half that .) Perhaps you think, after my comment that this movie is so bad that it's good, but it's just bad. Cradle of Filth lovers can add 3 points. I added one for the worse.
