Was anyone who recorded this film, especially the director, spared the thought of the story's logic? They are not mere cavities, but planed tombs, which are getting deeper because we lose sympathy towards the main character and his troubles. That is, if you are kind enough to watch the boldest ignorance of the fact that most of the movies are characters or servants of grave holes, or boring and unsuitable. Or, in the case of Dowey's and Hana's characters, obviously superfluous. Reflecting on the reason for the existence of a significant screen of Downey's character in the film, I decided that either the director loved his character and unnecessarily increased his screen time (unlikely because the director did not change anything in the script or that his character should have been sacrificed on the ill-fitting altar. I'll leave you to guess who it was. I had to keep checking the cover page of the DVD to confirm that this was really made by convincing talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman would accept This job. Sure In fact, I can not understand why somebody took this scenario, except for the director who first searches for that experience. I assume that Robert Dovnei Jr. needed money for his I suppose that Kenneth Branagh wanted to try with the Southern accent.I guess Robert Duvall got only a few pages of the script and thought that the role in isolation sounded intriguing: these are the only motivations that can convince the good actors to take the roles in this film . As for Robert Altman, he has made a lot of effort to make the film fantastic. I noticed that I noticed how he framed such a scene, or used bright orange floating vests in the second scene to draw eye movements or imposed a wonderful filter to create a special mood. In movies, I do not usually notice such things, because most of the movies I watch end up are actually dealing with good stories and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched it to the end just because some funny element of optimism always kept me in the DVD cover and was convinced that due to the talent involved, there must be some redemptive factor in this film. Good direction. But I do not watch movies.
