Cradle of Fear This is not a movie that attracts attention to intricate delicate narrative shades. This is not a film in which special effects should leave us the expressionless expression of this feeling. What it is, however, is part of a lo-fi goth horror that leaves little imagination, created in the eyes of the director, Alec Chandon, as "a return to humorous 70s and horrors from the 80s." This is a very visceral experience for 2 hours, when four lines of the plot are connected through many aquatic blood, a bundle of dismembered parts of the body and intestines associated with intestinal or revenge. The leader of such a horrible violence is Dani Filth, lead singer of metal band Cradle of Filth, who performed the role he was destined to play. As others have said, there is nothing new in the desire to carry out an occult revenge. In this context, a convicted sex predator and murderer, Kemper, the father of our angel of the Devil's avenger, forces his son to punish those who are somehow connected with the condemnation of a purgatory in a madhouse. What is predicted for Chandon, who should congratulate himself on writing and editing this piece, is an opportunity to free his sick mind. It seems to enjoy the idea of ​​spraying blood into the openings of those on the screen, and in every corner that can be achieved. We are also trained in the major plans of broken skulls, demonic rape and other diverse images to engage those who love to come closer and be personal to their horror. And for some of those who carefully follow this kind of movie, there is an unusual sequence that can imagine: "Did I just see what I thought I was" because, of course, Pretty Voman did not. It reminds me of some of the up-celebrations created by Italian horror from 20 to 30 years ago, as well as many other works in which disgusting images have left their mark, but not the context in which they are viewed. The story of the 4 sets is particularly intriguing where the idea of ​​an obsession can ultimately lead to death in the search for Internet violence through the "Sick Room", where the user controls how life can be extinguished. Further recognitions should also be returned to the soundtrack that allows Filth to carry out his Danish talent, as well as the efficient use of drums and bass, which are often ignored in filmmaking as a sustainable form of support for visual effects. The use of the City of London as a background with real people, unlike film stands, also adds support to the command sense of the film. OK, classic it can not be, but blood, intestines, intestines, occult and demons in a somewhat perverse way.
