I've read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were broken. But they were destroyed more than they could have expected. The movie would be a decent movie that I did not read the novel before, which may have ruined it for me. In any case, for some reason they changed the labor camp in Toulon to the full ship of slaves. The scene in Bishop Miriel was fine. In fact, apart from the galleys, things survived until Fantina's dismissal. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good wife, she does not cut off her hair, does not sell her teeth, nor becomes a prostitute. The worst thing that happens is to enter the mayor's office and spit his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because of the fact that children are out of wedlock also need not speak, Tholomies is Fantinin's dead husband, not irresponsible whore. Valjean is able to bring Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathie affair, so that they happily reunite, another change. Then comes the monastery, which is quite a difficult scene to fuck. Luckily, he was saved. However, after these three minutes of precision, the film again begins to clash with the Classic novel. While Cosette and Valjean ride through the park, they meet with Marius, who holds a speech at the meeting. About prison reform. When she comes in to hand out leaflets to Valjean and Cosette, she says that line in a movie that screamed me on the TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Viktor Hugo throw himself into the grave. KURSEVI SU REVOLUCIONARI! They want to fight against the pseudo-monarchy that is in force for the benefit of another republic, you stupid scriptwriters! The historical fact is that there was a rebellion against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette goes to give Marius a donation from her father to the reform movement and to meet Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not eponine books. It seems that this eponine is a well-functioning secretary for prison reformers (working for Cafe Universal, unlike Cafe Musain). Not to mention the audience is already forced to dislike her because of her non-periodic, low-cut dress and her snooty manners. which I have ever seen) I decide that sharing leaflets is no longer good enough. That's why they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard of launching reforms that tear down streets and build barricades and attack government troops. About three hundred people (it was not supposed to be so much) began to attack the National Guard and build a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. The rest of the film is somehow accurate, except that Javert's suicide is again difficult to understand due to his small screen time and unusual interpretation of the character. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jumping into the river. This is again incorrect, because Valjean would never let Javert get drowned. He saved man's life earlier, why did he let him die now? Then, there is a complete skipping of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration, and his redemption on the bedside bed with Marius and Cosette next to him. All in all, I can blame the scenario mainly for problems. While I'm glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, they were terribly misinterpreted, as did the whole barricade scene. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too pity for her. That Cosette knows Valjean past from the beginning to mess with a complicated good deal. I did not even see Tardardi and Madame. Onardier had only a few seconds of the screen. It's the same with Gavroche. I very much liked the interpretation of Valjean by Frederich Mart, which was one of the features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great acting in other films, seems to have missed a sign with Javert. Lips shake, unnecessary screaming, and his acting behavior was just very wrong at all. He, like many Javerti whom I saw, did not appear threatening at all, something that should have been character. Again, this movie would probably feel a lot better if I did not read the book. I would not recommend it to reserve the purists. I would also say that the film would be a good adaptation for the time when an unusually precise French version appeared a year ago.
