When I tell people to watch movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is: "What do you think of such a movie?" There are several problems here. First, there is a likely chance that I did not see it and thus ruining my reputation. Secondly, I could destroy the film about who it is, without realizing that it was actually their favorite movie. In the end, I can get DVDs to watch in order to evaluate my opinion. So, I find myself sitting in front of "Convento", a type of film I would completely ignore in terms of choice, but I can not avoid it here. There is more damage, because this horrible "horror" is terrifying as a box of kittens. After well-off clichés, "Convent" focuses on a bunch of American high school students on a journey. in an abandoned monastery on a mission to stone, lay and mildly scared. But you will never guess what's going on? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from a spider who continues to choose children one by one in the classic tradition of horror. Will any of them survive and, more importantly, do not you have better things to care for? The only thing that saves the "monastery" from being a complete waste of time is the fact that no one truly takes this problem seriously, except Coolio's bizarre humor as a hyper-active policeman with a trigger trigger. It's too much fun to be scary enough - a zombie cheerleader that makes noisy noise for no reason, day-to-day jobs that appear when you become zombies - but what really kills him as a horror is the fact that you can immediately tell when someone will pop up and be killed. But even if they were trying, I still doubt that it would work - demonic nuns wearing this kind of makeup that you would see in the TV show "Buffi The Vampire Slaier" are not so scary. The most terrible thing about this movie is that more than 10% of voters gave a maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I barely split the sides. To be honest, I had fun at the dentist. "Monastery" is not exactly a film about horrors. It's a more comedic horror like "Scari Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead," but you laugh at it, not him. Frankly, I can not recommend this to anyone except the family of actors and crews, but even then I doubt that you would enjoy it. I do not enjoy the genre "so bad that it's good" - I personally think that if filmmakers can not try to save a party, then I should not ruin my stomach trying to watch it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should go home and do something more constructive. Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price labels - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it has been sold for 1 pound and it should tell you everything you need to know about this small, cheap, terribly bad shop. I'm sorry if you like it, but "Monastery" is actually a bunch of ungodly shit.
