I know that you've already read it, countless other movies without a doubt if you read comments here, but the Voodoo Academy is still the absolute worst movie I've ever found. There is no doubt that really bad are not even available for shopping or watching on television, but even so I think it's fair to qualify that I'm not just a stupid renter who has badly chosen. I've seen two thirds of the bottom 100 ranked films here on imdb, and I typed the rest with every chance. most of those who stand above and above their head ... in absolute monotony. I like to evaluate really bad movies (as in those who do not have humor even how bad) in number of people you need to watch it to go all over. if you can watch it yourself, it's not that bad. if you can watch it with just one friend ... it's bad, but it could be much worse. We had five to go through the Voodoo Academy. and even the usual entertainment moments of watching bad films (for example, noticing a microphone for example, 3 times in this case, if I'm not mistaken) can take away the dry taste in my mouth. Yes, I watched him, but I also forced 4 friends to watch with me to achieve that goal. I hope and pray that we have seen directors ... to think that there could be versions with another 20 minutes of big fluted eyelashes for babies rubbing their torso, just scaring me. so much film turns around this. I applaud David Dekotauu who managed the lens of this film for two days in a short budget. is undoubtedly a celluloid version of some of his fetish. but it's not a good movie. the original horror store was filmed in the same time period for a comparative amount of money (with regard to inflation) and was the ultimate jewel. It's not an excuse for how bad this baby is. Spojleri forward ... It is not even worth selecting holes for plots or to read all character characters. pacing the movie ... is crazy ... nothing ... is interesting during the time when the decoy is dedicated only to the massage of the pectoral. regardless of your alignment or sex ... rubbing can not withstand the time of the screen. The acting is cheese ... but not excessively amateur ... I've seen much worse in better movies ... but somehow it's a semi-competent delivery of some of the worst lines you'll ever hear in a movie, What really amuses you. Rent this if, like me, you have fascination with the worst of the worst, and only if you will look at it with a group of people who are willing to work to break through it. This is not a ha ha ha expensive affair. This is the endurance test you probably want to skip. I'm sure it's up ... but I would not be surprised if there is a decoft name on it.
