I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (starring actor Marvin Mange in this film.) He said that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you turned off the sound, they laughed in this movie. Obviously this is a secret. I had the strength. In fact, I listened to this thing and thought it was a disaster, and completely incomprehensible - a great disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalov, Little Gigolo". The story is stupid: Mange is a great loser who dreams of being a cop who is filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a crazy type of scientist who is appropriately dubbed Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and as a result loses control of his animal instincts. "It makes him" supercomputed. "He can squeeze drugs hidden in his body and throw out horses. Of course, he also has a nasty habit of eating cows and trying to seduce their goats, but is it a small price to pay? did not do it Left left a lot to get in. Is there an irritating actor all over Hollywood by John McGinley? Here he plays Sgt Sisk Mange's commander in the police as a disgusting caricature figure (same as and his doctoral character in the unexplained popular TV series "Scrubs.") I was eager to see m the first "serious" acting role Colleen Haskell (Can anything in this film be called "serious?") She, of course, gained her fame as a contestant on the first "Surviving" and proves here what we knew from it: she sweet as a button What she does not prove here is that she has some visible ability as an actress And what about Ed Asner as Chief of Police Wilson I mean, how old is this guy now He's the size of some of the cows Mange tried to eat, and it seemed that he was breathless. I'm surprised he managed to make a movie. There is also a short lead in the end, Adam Sandler (also executive producer of this). In any case, I laughed twice: Mange playing with his creaky toys in a police car, and the Schneider scene with Haskell and orangutan - orangutan has more acting talent! So, for two laughs - 2/10.
