Dreari. Schlocki. Simply terrible and terrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down and watch something called Double-D Avenger, you do not expect great art or even a mild mainstream party. You're probably expecting a cult movie and maybe you're looking at some impressive busts. You do not get any of this in the video. The story, as it is in keeping with most of these types, is rude: Kitten Natividad runs a local tavern, finds out that she has breast cancer, flying to South America due to fruits that she claims to be a medication for all diseases and superhuman abilities, returning and struggling, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club that wants to outstrip competition. As the stories go, I saw much worse, but as another critic noticed that execution was terrible. Action sequences lack zip, drive, motivation, and tissue is thin. Action is not even appropriate and the dialogue is a pit. Nothing, and I think NISHA is not ridiculous from listening to heavy handwritten references. Everything could be forgiven if girls could make up for it, but they were all short. Mače, Haji and Raven de la Croik are much older (still lovely in their own way), but they do not reveal anything and become an antite of what they are trying to be: the older, colorful caricatures of their former self. Instead, they look so miserable and desperate - more for vehicles in which they "head" more than their own abilities. There are other lovely lady, but you really do not see anything from everything. PG-13 would certainly be suitable for this. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, fatigued and obsolete - and again - NOT FUN! It was a brutal watch plus sitting through this, and it's a shame because I was expecting some camping and fun. The guy who played Bubba was the only real laugh to me. Not that he was good at everything, but every time he opened his mouth, I kept thinking about how terrible he was. A lonely bright spot here looks at how Mr. Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, plays the curator of wax figures and talks with his wax Frankenstein, who is kindly called Frankie. In addition, this is a complete failure - now that it is for another tired, terrible, banal game!
