Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me great hopes. I thought I had a cheaper version of Mummy. The placement was promising, in the 1920s, Cecil B. Demille makes his opus Ten Commandments. It seems that the use of Egyptian artifacts for the film set has ridden of ancient and terrible evil (right?). Aware of what DeMille has launched, he orders that the whole set be buried instead of the usual practice to destroy it. I hope that the evil will be buried with him for all time. Then we are going to the day where the team is trying to dig a site (the first mistake of the movie, but hey these costumes of the period are expensive and this is a Sci-Fi movie movie). The first view we received from the Anubis monster is well made and it's a costume that invests a bit of effort, and not the usual effect of CG. Then counting the body begins. This was a movie for me. The reaction to the fact that people are dying in terrible and weird ways is getting an unusually dampened reaction. Once they realize that the ancient evil is liberated again and that it is a murder, what makes the problem with actions a man and a lady? They usually stop "a guy who knows the truth, but he did not tell anyone." After receiving vital information she shares with her friends at the digging site? No, they stop at a hotel for a refreshing shower and a nice conversation. I'm really not the most active person, but if I knew that the demon from ancient Egypt was at liberty and killed everything in sight and would come after me, I would put a little crowd in my steps to solve the problem. After this long and meaningless middle part, they engage in the destruction of the monster Anubis in the usual way, racing around in balloons and shooting a rocket launcher while standing next to a pile of phosphor shells. The Sci-Fi movie was above the usual shit they dropped, which does not say much. What disappoints me is that it could have been much more that someone wrote a decent scenario for that.
