I've never been a great fan of Mormon movies. As a Mormon, I always felt that humor was too exclusive for the LDS community and made us look like a bunch of obsessive lunatics. I was hoping this would be a breath of fresh air, a Halestorm movie that I finally could talk to my non-Mormon friends. Man, I am wrong. , having had B-list talents such as Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson and Fred Villard (one of my favorites), this should be at least a little funny. Nevertheless, the basketball team matured with the potential for many harsh edges and the like. But I must say, during the entire film, it seemed as if nobody knew what they were doing. Each joke fell, and every opportunity for a truly funny joke was ignored. The dialogue was mild, and the film had some of the worst characters I've ever seen. Every character, but Wilson was less than one-dimensional. It's hard to believe that after nine rewriting, the film was still dead, as was the train wreck I saw. I can not say the anger that I felt through this. My friends and I were stats on the final scene, so we went to the premiere in Washington, DC, UT. Kurt Hale, director, was there, and I must say, I avoided all contacts with him after the show. He waited at the door, seemingly ready for feedback. I could not tell him that his film not only pulled out an hour and my life, but left a nasty, painful scar that I would never forget. I had several specific problems: there was a lesser backing for the love story between the domara and the chubby piano, but these two characters came from nowhere, and it was impossible to worry them, so we are my friends and I they kept asking why he should have been worried about these two chromes, an uninteresting character. There were many underground stations that appeared every time, and each of them promised the audience the opportunity to laugh, but each one came and went to the smoke, ending before you could start to worry. This film was quite similar to the entire film. This film was a big disappointment, and I feel bad for all those who expect the first REAL fun Mormon movie. True, jokes in this are not too exclusive for the Mormons. Again, it's hard to say what a joke was and what was the loud ringing in my ears. Please, DO NOT watch this movie. Keep in mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious. Respect the disappointment I've been through
