I watched this a few days ago, so the details become blurry. The film was shot on handheld cameras, and much of it was done at the time it was originally published, because we did not have many studio pictures made in this way. I can not help but feel this is more than anything that was designed to make the audience think that what we see on the screen did not have all the compromises that come with a big budget, so it was more "real". " What we have here is not much more than a poor scripping of the first half of the Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who saw it or any other deck from there will know what the main problem I had was stereotyped characters, with poor skin skin from the depths, close singing of harmony, Ebonics coming out of black guys, world tired sermons, bitter and distorted psychoses, etc. ... everything is put into the kind of situations that would provide the most friction and tension at any time. Perhaps it was deliberate to emphasize the nonsense and injustice of the situation, perhaps it was laziness, or maybe it was just a commission that wanted to appeal to the biggest audience, all I know was that it was embarrassing. One new thing was a mix of volunteers and volunteers (where otherwise all characters would be forced to do so), although only scenes between the two main characters do foot addition. It seems to be the headquarters of complications, with volunteers who came to mind and that volunteers gained a sense of duty and self-esteem, but all this was done in a rather compulsive and untouchable way. The second big mistake I had was that all characters (with the exception of psychos and real software) respond to every inevitable conflict with aggression and threats of violence, faced with Farrell's omnipresent stoicism, immediately retreated and were all reasonable and diplomatic. I guess if I have to find a plus, it will be an act of two tracks, which was strong and very convincing, given the formality of the characters, this was not the case. Too hard. In my imagination, Bozz grew up in Zeke off Tour of the Dut, and for my money, 4 episodes of that would be more fun to watch.
