I'm a film student for several years now. And the concept of cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee asked me: "Is it a movie that will break the mold?" Let's face it, America has never been lowered by any cinema in which simian costar is located. After such brilliant classics as "Monkei Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought that the best ideas were already busy. But then Funky Monkei comes. I laughed, I cried, I thought about suicide. Now I have read about possession of demons in the Bible, but this still does not explain why someone would create such a product of evil. First, having at least a piece of intelligence, I realized that the chimpanzee is actually a monkey, and in general a monkey. However, I was sure that the authors of the film would further clarify this problem. They are not. Let me summarize this artwork: Company Z.I.T. he decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about banana soldiers, but if it costs about $ 13 million of government money to train a chimpanzee, it does not seem cost-effective. In any case, Z.I.T. brought by CIA experts (Matthev Modine) for Clemens training (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. hoped. He can remove the entire shift of the guards, who all seem to have acquired their training skills at the local shopping mall, yet they manage to remind us to watch a children's movie. As you have guessed, Modine learns that the intentions of Z.I.T. maybe evil (Gasp!) And they decide to throw out Clemens. Being a CIA agent and all that, Modine knows that the best way to get out is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, appear regularly on television while fighting crime, and use checks to pay for everything. ZIT finds out where Modine resides, and sends the two best to pull it out. These guards are perhaps the biggest comedy of Martin and Levis, or were they Turner and Hooch? It does not matter anyway, because after all, good guys win !!! Yay! Time for predictability! Insert a foolish kid who learns to be alone, a lonely mommy who needs a meeting, and music assemblies that will show songs that even Disnei will get black and get Funky Monkei. Top of the movie? Football game! They played violent, bumblers, chimpanzees and dumbbells. No one seems to care about such substitutions in the high school football game. Funky Monkeys never give up! That's the edge of your party. Some even call it "American beauty" characteristics filled with monkeys. After completing this epic, I recalled that I heard a story about a railway worker who lost most of his brain functions when the metal rod broke through its temporal lobe. Funky Monkei is a metal bar in films.
