After watching this DVD for Christmas in 2005, I came here, but after reading other comments, I did not have the heart. Clearly this is a film that worked very well for children of a certain age. Well, not to be complete Grinch; may still work for some children - if they are not too saturated with the media and have not become visually sophisticated, e.g. from watching all LOTRs and Harry Potter. But if you are grown up, stay miles far; You will not enjoy it. Good Pieces: Barbara Kellerman as a witch, especially in the early scenes with Edmund, creates the right combination of charismatic evil and restrained madness. (In Stone Table she goes a little above the top.) Michael Aldridge in the minor role of Professor and Jeffrey S. Perrija dok g. Tumnus also have a kind of polished, skillful behavior that we would expect from the best BBC drama. And Aslan's costume works very well, incredibly well with that. They have their eyes right. Bad bits: almost everything else, but especially two areas. One, casting. England is full of good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British schoolchildren. How could they end up with these four wings? They move like wooden soldiers and talk about it. Peter has no gravity or charisma (and is shorter than his younger brothers and sisters); Edmund is just malicious; and Luke ... Sophie Vilcock as Luci is so dramatic, visibly, drastically wrong for this part that I can not imagine how she got the job. Two, animal costumes. Again, they seem to have worked for some kids. If children are still at the level at which Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, convincing characters, perhaps this film will impress them. But to the viewer with sophistication, say, a twelve-year-old who saw prisoners from Azkaban? When Mr. Beaver comes out of this tree, tears of cruel, mocking laughter will arise. Carries just do not work - I could not, and I do not think any adult or modern teenager could stop the disbelief when he looked at Mr. Bever. Designed animation later (griffins, etc.) For better, it's easier to take. So: ten stars for a very young and gentle soul; everyone else reads or reads the book and watches a far better movie that takes place in your imagination.
