Although the film may have been "true" to Levis' book (in the sense that the script was essentially word-for-word, literally), he failed to encompass any size that would otherwise be associated with this epic story. Mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffons, ghosts, ghosts) are drawn *, as in the previous review, the flying sequence of the green screen was very difficult to swallow. I almost laughed when I saw humanoid beavers with their giant fur scarves and teeth; I almost cried when I heard the wolf's "urn ..." a man in a gray, vague garment that basically screamed loudly and gently as he could. All the acting is heavily forced, especially from Little Penvensie ... I could only bear so much bitterness, desperation and teeth at fourteen hours of watching the movie. The actress who plays the white witch, in all this, seems to be more on her stage, where she is a loud voice, spreading her hands and a bold effort to something that Šekspirovac would be more than welcome. The sets feel claustrophobic, regardless of whether the scenes take place indoors or outdoors. Indoors, as if the BBC could only afford $ 100 to build a set, so it's very small, and all the characters are constantly collecting together. Castle "White Witch" has collapsed, rotten village castle full of polystyrene statuettes and poor lighting. When Penvensie kids wander through the forest - in fact, * any * scenes in the forest - feel as if they simply roam in circles. The only thing that looks decent in the movie is Aslan, but you can bet that the BBC probably puffed up the whole budget of a movie to build a mechanical cat. It looks great when standing still before it starts to speak, but when it starts to move, you can not help but pity the poor man who has to be on the back of the lion's suit. Yes, if you are fan of Narnije fans, you may want to see this version, simply because it keeps every word Levis ever wrote - but Levis certainly was not a scriptwriter, and a lot of Dialogue feels stiff and awkward when it's on the screen. During the scene where the children are at the beaver and who are preparing to flee from the wolves, the constant Mrs. Beaver, "oh, just one more thing, dear ones, and then we will be ready to go", intermittent by the shouts of the children and sighing and sighing "NO , Mrs. Beaver, PLEASE! " - the scene of a comic relief, so inconsistent (they should be of direct danger, not wondering whether to pack a sewing machine or not), diminishes the drama that the scene might otherwise have. The fact is that the entire film was sprayed with the direction of a fauk pas like these. I recommend you to see the new Narnia (Disney 2005). A new movie, with updated effects, spectacular computer animation, great timing all around you, and wonderful and stealthy Wake Vitch (which plays its part with all the subtle freak of an experienced politician, unlike screaming banshee) catches all the magnificence and magnificence of the Narnia world, and not to downplay at least Levis' original vision (I think). Luci is much thinner (without teeth, IAI!), Like beavers (and real size), and BBC Edmund's brother has nothing to do with divine, Desperateli-Hungry-for-Acceptance-Insecure-and-Angsting-vith Complex Edward-Inferioriti- Complek, a new version of Disney. Unless you are the guy who enjoys losing time by ridiculing movies, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
