*** THIS CONTAINS A LOT, A MANY SPOILER, I DO NOT HAVE ANY OF THIS PATENTLY OPENED *** Oh, my God, where do I start? Well, here it is - this is the first time that I ever came home from the film and said: "I have to go to the IMDb and write a review of this NOW. This is my civic duty." Such a bad thing. Begin digression * But allow me to say one thing before I start. I'm not some Harvard-art-major-movie-noir-veenie (in fact, I went to college at the other end of Mass Ave in Cambridge, the one where real smart people without rich dads and trust funds go, which should put me in the group for listing stupid-co-bi-obsessive-love-strip-books-movies, and yet I hated this movie ...). My preference for watching is for a superb film opus involving Die Hards, Bond flicks, Clerks and Grail. I wish that the Titanic never sank, not so much for lost lives, but that we would not be exposed to that bunch of films. And the only and only reason why I will watch one of the favorite French artistic films is whether there is a young and often emmanueled Emmanuelle Beart. I even gave Max Overdrive one of his precious dozens here on the IMDb, for God's sake. So I'm as shallow, so I'm not criticizing this movie because I'm looking for some standard of cinematographic excellence - that's because Elektra smells like a three-year-old dead goat. * End of Digression * OK, there is so much trouble that I have to try to categorize it. Here it is: MS. GARNER: One of the convincing reasons that a man wants to see this movie is to see a lot of hot JGara (I have no idea why my wife wanted it). I think that between this and "Finding Nemo", the other was a sexy movie. You know the red clothes she advertised in every crazy ad you see? You see it in her DOUBLE - once in the beginning, once in the end. Bummer. In the rest, it essentially looks like what Morrissey would look like if she were a woman - a lot of pouting and black clothes. This leads me to the incredible range of expression that JGar shows in her acting - from "pouting" to "pouting and criing." Oh, my God, I'd think she was forced to come out with Ben Affleck or something terrible. Hm, wait ... Bad guys / GAL: They show the same line of expression and acting ability you would expect from a little overlooked grapefruit. At least alongside JGAR's effect, it does not expose itself to too bad. The role of one man is to stand there and be enormous, the other is to stand there and have things to come out of it, and the role of a woman is to stand there and breathe and / or love people. They manage to pull these incredible talents. The main bad guy has the hardest role of everyone - he must SIMULTANO a) look angry and b) look Asian. This is a good job. I think there was a fifth bad guy / girl, but my brain is starting to block parts of this movie in self-defense. PANEL TVS! This film has so many surprises as a speech at the National Convention on Democracy. Let's say so - my wife, who was only half a year old in the US and speaks only a small amount of English - she whispered to me when the girl first appeared on JG's background, and I swear to God "I'm not going to house to kill a girlfriend. " And this is BEFORE the Father, as it appeared on the screen. Now my wife is not stupid, but Mensa does not sue her for gifts, and she has no exposure to Daredevil or genre of comics. And she realized this in .00015 seconds without any incentive and without previous information. Such is the obviousness of this film. RANO-PREVIOUS STUPIDITY! OK, so this big character is in the movie. He can take a shotgun bullet and clean the shot like fibers, and he can take the evil electro-stab in his chest and just bend the metal (or melt - or something - more defense, thanks to God). But JG jumps to the head, and explodes? Achilles nigga? OK! Such is the nonsense of this film. Ack. I'm starting to feel a cerebral hemorrhage, so I have to stop. Have you been warned? If you have to deliberately shorten your own tires to prevent you from seeing this movie, DO IT. And if Armageddon comes, let it be> before it hits the DVD.
