One friend once told me that an independent film art gallery appeared in the cinema when, after closing the film, the audience was so angry that they had preceded the break of the seat in the cinema. Of course, my imagination was insane, trying to understand the content of such a piece. Well, now my imagination can be rested. I am a lifelong fan of Andrew Tarkovsky and a furious fan of his work. I came across many people who thought Tarkovsky's films were slow and inert. Opinions are as they are, but I did not realize that this is valid for the wonderful works of the late director, which are made of meaning, beautiful compositions and complex philosophical questions. After hearing Alexander Sokurov who called the Tarkovian heir, I was excited to see his films. With the exception of riding outdoors through the fields (Stalker), this film has no relation to anything Tarkovski has Got. It does not appear to be the least meaning, even at a completely foolish level. It is allegedly a "magnificently sharp" cinema deprived of any compositional craftsmanship. There is no balance, no proportions, and the exposure meter seems to have a weak battery in frozen snow. The main character is so incompetent and hesitant, you seem to wonder if his father may have been alive to decide earlier. I am also not against incompetence or stories that are progressing. in several non-linear ways. But there is not a single story here. He must certainly enter into watching this film with a shaven head if he wants to get out of it with nothing gained and nothing lost because the hair pulling would be the only possible answer to the tempo that could make the Tarkos sculpture of time as if Jerry Bruckheimer recorded a short movie Charlie Chaplin. I do not rule out that this may be one of Sokur's stinkers (Solar Tarkovsky), but to conclude that he is one of the successors of Tarkovsky who is based on this film. - we would call Paris Hilton heir to Aristotle. Come on guys, do not be afraid to say that. No big, impressive word will magically lead the life of this celluloid corpse. I do not claim that I fully understand Russian culture and I probably do not have Russian values, but I immediately picked up the work of Tarkovsky as something magical, gentle and gifted to the viewers. If he did not have the name Sokurova on it, and it was broadcast on, Saturdai Night Live, I'm pretty sure no one would "read" all these magnificent analyzes in this wet stand of the movie.
