I live in Ottawa where this film was shot and I really do not want it. This is a terrible blow. I'm really trying to support independent movies, but there's a stigma attached to anything indie and that's the stigma: Indie Films Blov. Well, this film does not do anything to shed this curse. Actress, writer, director Brett Kelli makes little contribution to the genre, rather re-heats tired clichés from past films. I'm really tired of being threatened by evil characters who are lurking in shadows and plundering insects, it's too exaggerated. I can remember one scene especially close to the end of the film, where the entire scene is lit by the front lights of the car. Now, some might say that it was an effect that was used to create mood and tension, but unfortunately it was the presentation of the budgeting of this film. As for a movie that dares to be called a horror, the viewer will find himself in a difficult situation to find any blood, except for several scenes with corn syrup and a red color for food. The biggest thing that draws this movie is the pace and lack of character development, the main complication is that children are kidnapped, and parents must find this Bonesetter colleague a while ago to return their children. It is not that this concept permeates me, but, indeed, I did not consider it convincing that when two main figures, both of whom lost their children, could find time to exchange. This was done in such a short period of time that it was unimaginable; my first priority would be to return my daughter and at least meet the lady before I agree with her. The last thing I have is ... and I will not hold it against Kelly, but the movie is shot entirely on boring, insensitive video and it really takes away from all the tense moments it would just become the style of the movie. Although this film has been given millions of dollars of transformation and rewritten story and boring acting and chrome, all this could not keep this film on the surface. My only hope is that something happens that Brett Kelli is prevented from making a sequel, which was posted on his site, a continuation that was written in a single session. God helps us all.
