* Warning - there are no advanced spoilers, but film spoilers though ... * My significant other has rented this for me thinking it would be a great romance with the acting star. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is an exaggerated, excessive and exaggerated sentimental excuse to theatrical release of a student film 15 years after it was filmed! The date of the copyright on the box said 2005, but during the first flashback sequence I watched the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls were wearing dresses and hairstyles in the late 80's / early 90's. It looked like it was filmed 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to make myself suitable for being a flashback, and therefore it should look old, but it looked like VVVVVVVAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIII more than 80s from the 60s or even 21st century trying to be 60s ... then an adult associate appears the main character, and he looks just like a boy in the flashback sequences (he's still a different, much older character whose youth appears in flashback). I was totally confused until I saw a special short feature film - all of them were flashback sequences, taken in 1990 as a complete student film of the same title as this movie! It also contains comments that include a young boy who grew up (and really plays co-stars in 2005 scenes). So, this film is just a shell story intertwined around an old, re-cut student film, compiled as an obvious excuse to get it to the theater time. The story of the shell, shot in 2005, mainly refers to a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at a dance class to promise a dying man to attend his place (something about a dying man in the early sixties, his girlfriend, to meet on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse for filming segments around the old film in 2005?" These new scenes and plot might have been OK, except for the terrible, excessively sentimental result repeated by the ad nauseum in almost every new scene;lišejsku action that permeates the new film. Do not bother. There's a reason you've never heard of this film although there are well-known actors - it's terrible.
