If I had never read the book, I'd say it's a good movie. But I read the book. Who ever wrote on the screen, destroyed the story. There are so many changes that it was not really a decent title. Character changes, changes in the plan, changes in the timeline ... First, who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in the story. Henry had somehow Mitch's personality, but Mitch was not a cop. No, you did it so Roz, helped him to sink the body and use it as Zenia's blackmail against Roz. True so-called. The blackmail was that Roz thought Zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted to get away from him. Her son was also blackmailed because she was hiding from her mother like Gai. Her son is not even mentioned in the story. I do not even believe that he was his lover, Rozina's secretary. Tony and West were not together at the beginning. He was first with Zeni while studying. A black colored apartment was their idea, Tony just went to visit. Zenia and Toni meet there, they become fast friends. Tony hides her love for the West. Then Zenia went west, with cash from Tony, and then West and Tony were together. She finally married, at some point the West left Tony for Zenia briefly. Just to break the heart again. Then go back to Tony. Zena's blackmail for Tony was that Toni had written a test paper for Zenia. Now, as a college professor, she did not want to let her get out. I'll say that the character that acted Tony did this miraculously. Charis Charis was a blonde, not that it really matters. Zenia did not deceive her to have cancer while Augusta was alive. No, she was there when Charis had a lover named Billy. Augustin's father, he was a curse in the war in Vietnam. In the end, after Charis takes months about Zenia for what actually was a drug withdrawal. Zenia and Billy have an affair just below Charis's nose while taking care of them both. Then Zenia turns Billy toward the government and leaves with him on the ferry. Not with August, Charis was pregnant. Carris also had a divorced personality, Karen was her real name. and landed in the fountain. She had almost pure heroin in her blood and probably took some not knowing and fell as she refused. This time she really died of cancer. It did not show any of the childhood memories or anything that gave the reader the signs. The book was stripped to naked bones. Then re-create a visitor's vision. Why could not you just write your story by modeling what you made a movie. It was different enough, and I'm sure it could have been more.
