When I saw Mari Louise Parker connected with this epic novel, my film was intrigued. Because I'm a book lover, I assumed that Tony, Rosa, or Charis would play, but moreover, I was intrigued to see how he would turn this very stupid, almost psychological (but not psychological thriller) novel into a movie that would be available to those who did not read the novel, which would be at least a tiny pleasure for those who had them. The book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and I was interested in using three different narratives that lead to the story in the film. What they really did was a crime. The biggest mistake and confusing question is: Why would Oxygen, a network that advertises as a woman, take an incredible book on how complex, beautiful and terrible women are and can be, and change the protagonists with 3 women to a stupid, ex-cop without a real motive to get involved in the story? It seems that the one who adapted him came to an end by using this guy to straighten out asking Roz, Toni and Charis about knowing Zenia and then crossing the book. By doing so, although they shook the story and cut everything that is great in the characters in it, except that the audience could not convince him to connect. In the film, these women are not people, they are characters. In the book Zenia lies his death, but the book mentions that this item would be transferred, while the film lasts 30-45 minutes focusing on a former policeman running around and doing nothing. They tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or CSI. It turned out that Marie Louise Parker was playing Zenia, which was wrong. Zenia is Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even Scarlett Johnasson type. She is a woman whom men can not worship, and a woman whom women have intimidated and threatened, but in some way "keeps her enemies closer". And when it approaches, it seems to be completely honest and worthy of trust, despite your better judgment. She is the kind of woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is always still beautiful, still rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. In the film, Zenia did not take Charisin's man (a blond American Nazi who used Charis in the first place ...) but took it in August and tried to become her legal guardian (and apparently returned to be her Lesbian lover kisses in a cafe implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before she went with Augusta, but that did not make any sense because all the construction was done to her. It's like the one who wrote the script grabbed the straws to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I do not think I read the book, I would spend the whole film confused if I tried to keep it at All. And Rozen's husband was dead before Zenia came into the picture (which was strange because Zenia took Rozin's business and home life into a book, which Roz hated her so much) and she she Zenia stormed to kill Rosa's husband for years. And according to the film, Tony and Vest were coming out forever ... even at a party where Zenia and Vest (in the book) painted the whole spot in black and made Tony completely like this (and evil, bitch) the person they all respected for their intelligence and popularity for her. Tony's face was so wrong in this movie ... she seemed to be a little psycho and that she was like a master behind any conspiracy going down, unlike an inconspicuous, slightly drawn teacher who was in the book. The film basically implies that smart women are evil, that beautiful women are evil, that powerful women are evil, and that women who teach yoga are on their rockers. They basically tried to do this so that Zenia was not necessarily as horrible as it was in the book, and then, in the end, three women persuade the former policeman (who, of course, in the research process , meets Zenia and has an affair with her that should end with them Barbados or something funny, which of course takes Zenia to hide the Zenia's body (which they found in the hotel she stayed in, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her the balconies, or they made a joint effort to do it ...), and then Zenia managed to take all Rozin money into By the end of the film, I was only half paying attention to b / c ads that were so far in the spiraling space of what could and should be. If this does not confuse you with the breakdown of the film, Maybe you would like it, because I read the book and I saw a movie, and the film itself was funny confused. It was terrible. I realize that making a movie from this book is a pretty difficult task, but if you take the task, you should start by to determine what is in the book is unnecessary, instead of creating a useless figure to be our Alice in the land Desa. . Do not really have books that oxygen could make at least half of decent TV movies?
