I ended up watching this whole (very long) movie because I was fascinated by the stupidity and naivety myself. It seems difficult to believe that so many famous people (Anthony Kuinn, Lavrence Olivier, John Gielguld, Vittorio de Sica, etc.) would gladly participate in this farce. But maybe in 1968, people were really so naive? The action was written by some confused Latin American Marxists with the agenda. There is a conflict of superpower and the Russians are actually good guys, and the Secretary General of the Communist Party is a fine and spirited man, who suddenly, after 20 years, sees light and feels compelled to alleviate his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner from a Siberian gulag. The priest then quickly becomes the Pope by a series of coincidences. We are allowed to see the secret Vatican papal voting process that is portrayed in the most violent pious form you can imagine. Until death. To resolve this little stutter on a tirelessly brilliant road to communism, they want to embark on a nuclear war (to justly distribute the Western capitalist wealth to the poor Chinese workers). Our good old friend General Secretary is a little concerned and calls on the Pope just before his crowning to ask him to mediate in peace. I meet with Chinese leader Peng who looks and behaves like a 15-year-old boy. You will move on the floor, laughing at what people in 1968 thought the Chinese looked like. Another Peng demands that Western capitalists have to pay (which is absolutely logical, do not capitalists always pay for the madness of the Socialists?), And that the Pope must sacrifice something for a common altruistic cause. Equality and social justice. When the Pope is crowned in Rome, he promises the entire wealth of the Catholic Church all over the world to feed our poor Chinese brothers in Christ. And so save the world from the nuclear holocaust. In addition, there are also some smaller sub-plots, which, unfortunately, give little to buy this incredibly bad movie. I'd give her three Oscars for nonsense. By the way, Anthony Kuinn looks pretty incredible as Pope. He is much more likely than Zorba Grk.
