And I repeat, please, do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst, easiest comedy ever made. At least with most recent comedies today, the gigs are rough and flat, but writers and directors have put at least some kind of effort to make them fun. I'm never tired of repeating one of my favorite motto: Everyone thinks I can do comedy, and only 10% of them are right. Comedy is hard! This is not a genre with which every fool can play. I think it's terrible for the filmmakers to compare this piece of garbage with "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these bosoms comparing their so-called comic talents with those brilliant Jim Abrahams and Brothers Zucker. Come on, I've seen Pauli Shore movies that are 10 times more funny than "Underground Comedy Movie". Here's an example of a comedy for those who are curious to see this movie: One sketch includes a superhero dressed like a pen named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeated his enemies by boiling them with sperm. That's it. It's a whole joke. Vov. This is enough for the Carrot Top to turn its eyes. The other sketch includes a man who has sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in the second sketch, there is a competition for the beauty of the ladies, in which we are exposed to terrible scenes of middle-aged women wearing bikinis, with beer hives and stitches. Plus, ridiculing the homeless is more sad than funny. It's a step away from ridiculing mentally handicapped. The whole movie should be satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that the key element of the satire ... TRUTH !!! For anyone who really enjoyed this shit, explain to me what is true about ANY of these jokes! Some of the sketches may sound ridiculous on paper, but anyone who took any hours of writing on the screen knows that if she's heard to watch sounds too funny on paper, it's probably not going to be fun on the screen. If I tell someone about the big, black, muscular gay girl, who is kept for the right man, she'll probably laugh. But watching a premise that is played on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drawback. I hate when people criticize this comedy with low hips, because they are not ridiculous, they are considered stuck squares. I recently saw "Take Chicks". This is another low-political, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed. What is most insulting in "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! What the writers and directors do not understand is that it is not only dirty and unwillingly functioning. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There Something About Mari" (ironically, it's enough that bosses have put Farrells on their special gratitude list). The sperm joke was not just funny because it included body fluids. There was accumulation. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he does not come to a meeting with a "loaded gun". Then he turned to see where all the sperm had gone after being released. He's knocking at the door and he has to answer. His date, Marie, is at the door, and then it was discovered that the semen hangs on Ben's ear. In this film, there are multiple figures that include characters that sprinkle a lot of seeds in humans, without any accumulation. As Jai Leno always says, "This comedy is not that simple, is it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Bid, because you were not excluded for this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these gags is that they want to feel hip. Let's face it, today we can laugh at something that is politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this film should not be made to anyone, except perhaps the filmmakers themselves. As a note, the film had to be filmed before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in films such as "Armageddon" and "Green Mile". There can be no other reason why the actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateur freak. All the others in the actors are either non-actors, actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black has made a good impression in the film "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has done anything valuable since. Slash was probably drugged to be in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baivatch". Angelina is the biggest star of the film (bearing in mind that Duncan was not known at the time), and there are still tons of people who have not heard about her - for good reason. Usually, I support extreme low-budget movements, but this deserves to fall into the dark. I hope this will not become a cult classic for the Lord! Should not there be a law against the distribution of such shit?
