Hallam Foe tells us the story of a boy who lost his mother and after that he is experiencing some kind of Oedep's complex. It's like 95 minutes, but it would be better at ten. There is an hour in the middle where he is climbing roofs and habits in a church tower such as Kuasimodo (he is only much less compassionate). I have anything to do with anything. She looks like his mother, yes, so what? We know that his mother is missing, it was the first ten minutes. It only needed to put the beginning and the end together and that it would be OK. Short film. Now it's a portrait of a character that does not change. He's the guy with what's happening. The only active choice in the middle of the film is to apply for a job. There is this whole thing Oedepa who needs to make us analyze his character. Take a picture of her face, dress in a woman's clothes and wear a dead Badger on her head. A Badger! You must see the end! He returns home with a badger on his head (and he was shot as an awkward horror movie) to kill his father's new wife (with whom he initially had sex). And somehow they thought it would not be fun enough to put indie punk music in the background. I must admit that I am allergic to films that want to write a psychological complex on your nose. I feel like this MacKenzie director / guy / whatever it is trying to show us that he also studied psychology at school. You're so smart! Thank you for bringing all of those forgotten theories back to our memory! You really dig it! Kakav Vallraff! All right, now I realized that this film is based on a random book, but anyway .. Fotovise is bored. A lot of talking heads. In addition, the editor has changed colors from scene to scene, you know cold and warm, etc. Why? Maybe "Hallam Foe" is also a feature film and a test film for blind people. Or maybe they just thought that the drama would not be enough to tell us to feel alone, so they increased the blue color, so we really got it. I will not even comment on the cliché. indie-oh-hov-hov-hov-cute sweet drawings made in the presentation. And all the "sweet" sex things are happening. This whole movie is an independent cliché. But I recommend. I laughed more than a few times. Although it's really unpleasant to be a student of a movie and see how a shit like this breaks through the machine.
