First ... with names such as Fred Olen Rai, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors such as "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you are approached with. B movie mania! If you really expect to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Pou", then forget it and head for a great series of Roger Corman's 60's Poe films. This is a clean, uncut slap (with just a pedestrian attempt on a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), complete with a lot of R-rated, ready for video sex and nudity. Nevertheless, it's certainly fun and fun in an unusual way ... Brinke (who has three bare scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the rich, traumatized, insane housewife Victoria Monroe, whose fear of prematurely endangered stems from her belief that the same fate hit her father (Hoke Hauel). Her useless husband Terri (Jai Richardson) picked up a serious gambling debt (owed to the gangster played by Robert Kuarri) and, with the help of her twisted blonde, sex-secretary Lisa (Delia Sheppard), who had an emphasis on Europe, to abolish Brunettes for her money. The actress with name and values ​​Karen Black falls short on a blue wig as a hypnotist (too talented to play such an insignificant role), the sci-fi / horror star of the 50s Robert Clarke plays a doctor and a family friend, and Michael Berriman shows for a decent sequence nightmares, doing an autopsy on the still alive Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent sits in front of the house in his car and makes his eyes as Brinke walked in and out of the house. The killing plot of the spouse for heredity has been made a million times before, the ending is the unintentional laughter of laughter (the conclusion with the direct break of the segment Zuni Fetish Doll in TERROR TRILOGY) and whoever created a terribly stabbed face and a fractured head FKS For this edition you need to sharpen your little skills. Brinke does a decent job making her figure a bit cute, but the biggest surprise is how good a former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her role. She stole every scene she was in, and she easily gave her an extraordinary performance here.
