The continuation of David McKenna on the brilliant Young Adama wants to be a story of the feelings of the goodwill of a lonely voyeur who tries to confront some psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. He wants to be persistent, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be ridiculous and not condemn his troubled leadership while establishing himself as an adult. To fulfill this goal, the film is trying to be young. His poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Juno. His original soundtrack consists of a quick indie rock that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is fine; Just a little wrong. But, it's strange that the film is nothing but a youthful one. Like the young Adam, the central mystery of this film concerns drowned women - in this case Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery quiet, contemplative and well-developed to strike you with the truths coming. Hallam Foe does the opposite. She so clearly and so early in the foreground puts her person's psychosis to never do anything beyond the expected parameters. The introductory scene is Hallam in his house on a tree watching his sister joke with her boyfriend. Hallam quickly interrupted, confirming his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam will do for the rest of the film. The mystery surrounding the mother drowning was whether it was a suicide or a murder from his father's girlfriend. The audience can never truly believe Hallam, because, besides being scary, we think that his obsession has led him to madness. It has been hindered by an element of mystery because Hallam is too sporadic to be connected. Just when he found some clues to support his claim to fleeing home, he appears to be looking for the police at first. Then it is extreme bypassing a girl who resembles his mother, which frustratingly leads this story from the element of mystery. While Jamie Belle made some very expensive features in her lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This film is by no means mysterious, but it's not blunt. She tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues, but adds a very self-conscious courage that registers as completely opposite. This refers to the trainspotting attitude that is difficult for the sound background and helps the audience to use the protagonists who scale the buildings, chooses locks and camps because of voyeurism. These urban virtuosic adventures in which Hallam is lounging are too hard to get a drawn boy out of the country to attract and are not sexy, dizzy or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything; do not run character or story. Makenzi makes you understandable Halam, but he fails to build a common ground. He expects you to enjoy Halam's trials and troubles without much ideological justification. The film depends on the audience's view of the voyeurism / type of person dealing with it. It is obvious that most people would be outraged by it. And Hallam Foe understands this, but it does not allow us to see that Hallam measures the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person, trying to fulfill his deep emptiness. A particularly disturbing line from Halem's love interest is Kate, where the drunkard says, "I love the frightened boys," perhaps asking the audience to do the same. The line tries to hint at her understanding about him (her motivation remains unclear throughout the entire period) and tries to distance us from condemning him. It's not hard to love Hallam, but it's very difficult to participate in his adventure - if it's an adventure at all. The movie is trying to use its brilliant soundtrack all the time to conceal its indecent mood. Great performances are burdened with a film with a weak third act, muddy development and unnecessarily ambiguous direction of Mackenzie. Recently, this film has been renamed the American Edition and for what reason? Not only is it more unattractive, but it's also a tough truth that Halam's character never gets the title 'gentleman'.
