Anyone who visited the drive-ins of the 1950s, 60s, and 70s must have seen a movie or two by American International Pictures, a distributor who looked like a giant Cannon Films from the 1980s. Wherever the film visitors are going, the AIP would be there to provide the latest one-of-a-series titles - in the 50's there appeared horror films such as 'Voodoo Voman' and 'Undead;' The 60s were comedies on the beach Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello and bikers like 'The Glori Stompers'; And in the 1970s, AIP was throwing out garbage at home level like 'Cannibal Girls' and 'Sugar Hill'. 'Dillinger', released in 1973, is one of the 'highbrow' AIP efforts to capture the true spirit of filming movies; it is one of those uneven, top-notch movements that satisfy thirsty masses for fun, craftsmanship and common sense. As a whole, 'Dillinger' is typical for its era: fun and valuable for hours, but certainly not memorable. "Dillinger" was anxious for action and a brief glimpse of acting and historical fact, so the screenwriter-director John Milius ("Magnum Force") had an honest effort, but certainly left room for improvement in his long career. The 109-minute 'Dillinger' - the epic for the AIP range - follows the job of the FBI chief in the Middle West, Melvin Purvis, starring Ben Johnson, the Oscar winner. Purvis was an investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in an ambush in Kansas City in 1933 that helped gangster Frank Nash to avoid justice. There were at liberty people who allegedly planned this escape, including the professional bankruptcy of John Dillinger (Varren Oates), Pretty Boi Floida (Steve Canali) and psychologist Babi Face Nelson (Richard Dreifuss). Dillinger eventually joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, taking together Homer Van Meter (Harri Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Levis). He also linked with Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian extraction. As it unfolded for several months in 1933-4, 'Dillinger' was essentially a film about the pursuit, with Purvis's escort who wanted to escape and kill the people he asked for. Edgar Hoover. Dillinger has a documentary feeling, listing dates and places while Johnson supplies the story as Purvis. Milius holds the true depression, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; also sprawled around a black and white photo and captured gangster shots. The film is never boring, it moves fast, though at random speed. Action scenes are Dillinger's strongpoint, which was competently edited by Fred Feitshans Jr in his latest professional effort. To make this movie, thousands of rounds of ammunition had to be used, not to mention the kilograms of explosives. This film is certainly not for nasty people, because people shot and threw themselves dead everywhere. Violence, although free, brings a certain understanding of the criminal who threw organized crime into American life. This film, however, never exceeds its status of exploitation, because the required writing simply does not exist. John Milius, somewhat overestimated as a director, puts too much emphasis on action. Action scenes (mostly bloody shootings) are impressive and comparable to any major film about the crimes of his era, including "Bonnie and Clide" from 1967. But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his gang members as human beings; the vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is barely touched, since the couple meet at the bar during one scene and is hunted as lovers just ten minutes after that. It seems that Melvin Purvis goes in and out of the story, becoming a prominent person only when Milius needs to keep the film out of the plot. Too often, the film takes the person to shoot, when her characters could be thoroughly researched. In addition, the main crime in the picture is the ignorance of historical facts. While many say that 'Dillinger' is just a movie, it's movies like this that create fairy tales and make them lasting. Those who know the history of the gangster will point out that John Dilinger was not the last of his rings that died, because Milius's script and documentary style of the film are encouraging us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Babi Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; it was also said that he did not wear a pistol on the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette. Although these inaccuracies could lead to great drama, there is no reason why Milius could not keep up with the facts and wrote a great story about them. The performance of Varren Oates as Dillinger is pretty good, although he sometimes seems unconvincing. Oates is witty and beautifully shows how Dillinger became consumed by his larger picture of life in the American press; however, we never feel the threat he called for his life. Ben Johnson gives life to Purvis, mild, but fairly straight. Michelle Phillips brings emotions into the character of Billie Frechette and it's really bad that Milius's script did not bring in connection with Dillinger. We never found out what attracted her to the cold-blooded killer, apart from the stereotype about a girl who is easily recovering and attracted by men dangerous. Acceptable roles with Kanali, Dreifuss, Stanton, Levis and Cloris Leachman, who appear briefly, are acceptable for such talent. , where I just picked up a DVD release of MGM for $ 4.99. The movie is beautifully displayed on a wide screen (required for drive-in shifts) with titles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theater trailer is delivered as a lone extra. To a large extent forgotten by fans of gangster films and driving enthusiasts, the film does not require much more than additional material. For lovers of this genre, it's definitely worth a look. ** From 4 Roving Reviever - www.web.geocities.com / paul_johnr
