Proof why Hollywood conventions are in force. Outdated dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and unconnected storyline are just part of the problem with this gangster classic. Trying to be brave and different, but it seems to be an attempt to revisit the magic of Bonnie and Clay Arthur Penne (1967) and Butch Cassidy George Roi Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and films - but they fell far below bar. Problems with stories are in themselves understandable, which results in the need to explain problems. Editing reappears as an attempt to duplicate previous classics, but occasionally it is unconnected and causes more technical problems for me. Unnecessary shots are cast in order to justify their recording, but it would be better for the viewer to sit on the floor of the cutting room. Stills, black and white editing and periodic music are inserted from time to time in attempts to be different or to hide scenes that can not be crossed well or to replace scenes that simply did not work at all and resemble Butch Cassidi and Sundance Kid (1969 ). Too dramatic breaks between sentences, random scenes of surrounding landscapes that were not needed for the narrative plus over-the-top playback of the players and auxiliary actors, reminded the director of the backyard of the camcorder of the late eighties - I was left wondering who it was was in charge of this film during production and during post-production. Playing music in most of the two shots and close-ups, and then suddenly stopping in a wide frame, emphasized poor music. No sound processing was drastically obvious, because the bulk of the film was shot, door, steps and dialogue (style used in the late 60s to mid 70's by new directors), but the lack of background noise, which looked artificial - in particular, the tire creeps on earthy roads. In my sincere opinion, the biggest problem for everything is that there are no 'sympathetic' characters for the audience that could be directed, nor have they led us to see ourselves as the protagonists of the story. Neither the gangsters nor the laws were the characters I wanted to see, nor were they focused on the 'hero' - the necessity for each story to work for me. We know from the films Penna and Hill who are 'heroes'. Although they are criminals, we love them and want to escape them. I do not care less who is on the screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius was trying to show documentary documentation about events surrounding John Dillerger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death), without historical accuracy. To be honest, there are some moments of good solid narration, which are moments that shine brightly from the dark and sad canisters in which this movie sits. John Milius fortunately fortunates in future films where he does not seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total loss because many stars and well-known faces who were on the threshold of outburst are involved in the director's "big budget" but are waiting for the classic movie channel instead of spending money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
