Once again I saw a movie that people do not know anything about. I recently checked Babi Face Nelson. I saw Dillinger now and I had it. This film is a garbage. I do not know how anyone in a healthy mind could compare this with a classics such as Bonnie and Clide. This film is far from classic. Someone called it brilliant. It's crazy to say. This movie can not get any facts and has the worst casting I've ever seen. I do not know whose stupid idea was to kill Varren Oates like John Dillinger. First, he does not look like him. Second, until John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. You could even say he's older than real Dillinger just watching him. Not only was he too old, but Ben Johnson was like Melvin Purvis. They show that Babi Face Nelson died, then Homer Van Meter and eventually John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed in front of them. The last one who died of three was Babi Face Nelson. Not only did the writers know when they died, they did not even know how they died. Babi Face Nelson was not killed after escaping from Bohemia in a robe. Homer Van Meter did not kill pistol farmers. Homer Van Meter was dragged into the corner of the police in St. Paul and killed with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's band, Harry Pierpont, shows that the police killed him in this film. Pierpont was not killed. Harri Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death on an electric chair. I go to what happened with Babi Face Nelson on my Babi Face Nelson review so I will not get into it again. Allow me to add that the portrait of Richard Dreifuss with Babi Face Nelson is pathetic. There's a scene where Dillinger is attacking, and then gets a bad beat. While Dillinger beat him, he cried as a baby and screamed: "Leave me alone!" Babi Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's methods of bank robbery, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a girl while he was beaten. They call him Lester "Babi Face" Nelson. He was never known in his life for that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Ioungblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Ioungblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where the hell did John Milius get the information? I could probably make a better movie than him. Finally, the way they showed that John Dillinger died is unheard and unenforceable. The film shows Dillinger coming out of a biography with a lady in red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts: "Johnny!" Dillinger pulled out a gun and was thrown into hell. The fact that Dillinger did not have a gun that night was proven. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight, he was fired. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that burns on powder were on his face. It was a murder. They also say that the man who was killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing a ton of civilians in an incident in Mali Bohemia, can you imagine the FBI reporting that they just killed another innocent unarmed man? The gun that they had at the show, allegedly at Dillinger, was also proven that it was not produced just after Dillinger's death. I could continue as the man whom they killed was John Dillinger, but I will stop here. If you want to find out more, check out here. See the Dillinger version with Lavrence Tiernei if you like, but do not waste time with this innocent garbage film.
