I think the heart is warm and inspiring that a team of writers behind such hopeless mainstream Hollywood films like INDIAN JONES AND CHAM DOOM, American Graffiti and HOVARD THE DUCK will begin their career with this kind of film. Perhaps as evidence that Villard Hiuck and Gloria Katz will be nominated for an Oscar later in their careers, the Messiah of Evil has potential, but unfortunately it becomes frustrating precisely because it can not provoke the courage to film the movie. The space involves a young girl who travels to a small coastal city in search for his father who disappeared for some time. It does not take long that the fragmented narration abandons all hope and enslaves in inseparable absurdity - and for some time it works perfectly well to the point when you begin to think that the Messiah of Evil must be free from slipper exploitation of the 70's as an example of a skillful mysterious horror. Surrealist non-squeaks continue to accumulate while the daughter encounters a young couple in a scarce hotel room in the city to carry out a local-level research on a 'blood month' legend, a scanty and semi-mad alcoholic (played by the great Elisha chef Jr, perhaps in the best movie scene) that warns her father was found dead in the dog's street a little later, a blind old lady who owns a local art gallery, and who inexplicably removed all her father's photos from the store and the last but not least v an angry, retarded, killer albino who eats squirrels. Part of the film charm is precisely this mask of artistic surrealism that deals with cheap basements that defies logic and genre conventions at every step. While Linch is obviously a sign of a talented creator, with the Messiah of Evil, the boundaries between the 'deliberate', 'unintentional' and 'really did not expect it to appear in this way, but it is good enough - VRAP SCENE \ t get upset hopelessly. Take, for example, a dual narration that enters and exits the picture in the way the drug is added, feverish, in the direction of consciousness, which comes from a daughter while wandering for a place in search of her father, and the other tells the father of his voice while reading his diary. While we are still talking about a "dead live" picture, the Messiah of evil is different and only loosely - at least with current prejudices about what a zombie film should be. The origin of the living dead here is a curse 100 years old, which was given to the city by the mysterious Dark Stranger that one day came from the forest. In the meantime, Hiuck finds time to criticize mass consumption at a meat-eating supermarket scene, preceding the LAW of the dead for many years (you can hear the line MST3K: 'The man is dead, only his capitalist food cans remain') and well thought-out, but bad a similar scene was made in the cinema. Generally I think the surgeon works in careful, well-measured doses - how is it absurd to work if it is not hidden if it is not hidden within perfectly normal? It seems that Hiuck only smoothes him all over the picture and so dangerously oversees his hand. When an albino, for example, pick up a girl who returns to the city and eats a squirrel in front of you, you can almost imagine that the director sensibly hints at the audience, entertained and satisfied with her own hijinkama. The overall film level is also quite low - halfway through, the tempo gets messed up, and the story is tired and obviously not going anywhere and is not particularly fast. Add to this both the agitated editing, the average acting and Hiuk's general inability to capture the true atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal city have been misused - and I would submit to the Messiah under the 'missed opportunity' but it will still be sufficient for the prices - even if it is not special bloody, trashy or sleazy.
