What about Dahmer's Childhood - A double hernia operation that is believed to have caused her obsession with the internal action of the human body? What about "infinite land"? - The game he invented as a child, which included the rods that were destroyed when they came too close to each other, indicating that intimacy is an ultimate danger. What about the relationship of his parents and the emotional problems of his mother that were more relevant to his relationship with his father? His feeling of neglect when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How to disrupt traffic and hang it in the forest behind your house? And what about the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the filmmaker decided to give us a diluted 'recording' at night or two in his life, and he combined it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks, to events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. Why did the film producer not show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects, not people? He could have done this many times, especially in the scenes where he had drugged his victims while he had sex with them (which actually happened in the health club, not in the nightclub). Instead, he just shows him to hit them backwards. Although I appreciate that there is only so much information that you can charge in 90 minutes (or how long), but why spend so much of a film examining his relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). My only assumption is that the director was trying to build a Pinet character, to try to make us afraid or sympathize with him, but this film should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he spend that forty-five minutes. to something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to guarantee that this was enough time enough, but not. The scene in which he killed Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of the story of Jeffrey Dahmer because it was the first murder, and the effects that killing had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first murder, or that he did not kill again nine years ago. We assume, because his hairstyle is different, and he wears glasses that this is a flashback, but when? And why? What about the sanctuary that he made in his living room to the end of his career? - one of the most important evidence we have in understanding Dahmer and his motivation .. Some people can understand my need for accuracy and details a bit more analytical, but since I have studied Geefrey Dahmer in detail, it is clear that this film he has very little in common with the person he was in with the crimes he committed. Why do you try to spend time making a Jeffrey Dahmer movie instead of dealing with real problems after his descent into insanity and the ensuing event? We should have a certificate, not 15. We should have seen his perversion deeper, to understand how he was separated from us by others. This does not mean, for example, a demonstration of exercises that, for example, enters the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, but at least indicates the number of people he killed, and what his Modus Operandi actually did when he actually killed him. Anyone who watches this movie that does not know the Dahmer story could go away thinking that he killed only a few people. He killed seventeen men. Besides the fact and lack of depth, the film is not all bad. There is some good cinema and good performances from two main characters. I wish that this is done again by a director who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make a movie.
