Skullduggeri is a weird, strange film based on Vercors' novel "You Will Know It". To release the criticism of the film, she feels really unkind, because it is a film dealing with serious issues such as humanity and requests for honest moral standards and tolerance. But in spite of his honest intentions and good-hearted tone, Skullduggeri is simply not a good movie. For me, the main problem is a terribly unrelated story that can not figure out how to best communicate your message. The first half of the movie is like watching a standard expedition to the jungle with Tarzan ilk; later he is being squeezed into a science fiction fairytale; in the end, it enters the melodramatic of the courtroom. The differences in the tone between each section of the film are too great, too disturbing to overlook. They come out like a painful thumb and keep reminding you that you are looking at a messy, unorganized movie. Archaeological expedition in the Jungle of New Guinea leads the adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reinolds). One of the main archeologists involved in the excursion is an attractive scientist Dr. Sibil Greame (Susan Clark). After a busy trip, they stumble upon the tribe of unknown monkey creatures. These primitive, long-lost people are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without any influence or influence of the modern man. Is there some evidence that they can give ancestors of an early man? "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys into humans. Or maybe the race of people who just look and behave differently than usual? Or even the race of animals that began to develop human traits? Archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are initially thrilled with the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when nasty opportunist Vancruisen (Paul Hubschmid) announces his intention to use the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developer. He calls into question whether the Tropics are truly "human" and takes arguments before the court, hoping to be given legal support in order to continue his greedy ambitions. This was a very early film. in Reinolds' career, and he is actually debasing this film by behaving as if he is in comedy, while the rest of the actors take it very seriously. Not that Reinolds can be blamed? he has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to Tarzan. His character and film are not mutually relevant. Clark is much better than an archaeologist, and there are also nice support for British actors Edward Fox, Alecander Knock and Wilfried Hide-Witte. The main disadvantage of Skullduggeri is a lumpy and inefficient make-up that is used to give the Tropi its strange hairy look. Instead of casting the actors as convincing hominoids, the scalped hair makes them unintentionally ridiculous. and this is not a real idea. We intend to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but this is very difficult when they look so unbelievable. Skullduggeri is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that could be touchy, philosophical and stimulating. The honorary intentions are there to see everyone, but the end result is not doing justice to them. A worthless failure could still be a failure.
