Although the overall idea of ​​Escape from Atlanta was intriguing, I found that the film was far smaller than what I had hoped to read the action. Perhaps I am too a child in the technological age: the film was made, as it was in 2002, an official five years ago - after watching fantastic epics such as Lord of the Rings, and science-fiction ventures such as Star Wars, in general can not be compared with other films of a similar line like Dinotopia or Homer's The Odissei. My beef, in essence, is that I can not relate - I am about the same age of children (young adults), and have no problems putting it in place of a middle-aged man, if this character is available. But the picture did not lead me to a different mental plane of existence. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would do the same thing! 'It did not open the door to my imagination. Even without comparing to high-budget films or other television films, standing by myself, certain aspects of this element that I considered cliché: The development of character in children took place too quickly for my taste, watching too many stereotypical selfish teenagers - a picture that changes after divorce, it changes in us - big - happy - family - come on - never - we do not split - we feel again that in the end it can make or break a picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves could be subject to improvement: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes. There was an ubiquitous selfish beauty that she wanted to be rebellious, accompanied by a gentleman. Perfect pictures of combining athletics, good looks and intelligence, but also a thoughtful attitude, and at the end of a smart brother who was so frequent these days. Although I know that personalities have suppressed the story, I think adding more individuality to the nuances and more unique differences would make it a pleasure - and more convincing (as far as character is concerned) - a film. <br /> <I have to raise a costume for a costume and a set design - it was worth it to finish for me. Do not misunderstand me: all the movies are worth looking at themselves, and one's opinion could never explain the opinion of many, but I think with a little more depth of scenarios, and a little more (I can not believe it) I say this) the reality I dare to I say Escape from Atlantis could be magical.
