When I saw this movie, I heard all the hyps, and I heard people say that Denzel deserved the Oscars along with his Golden Globe, and I believed he had done a remarkable job since Kevin Spacei was excellent. I was wrong. I understand that people say this to not anger the African-American community (if they are not Afro-Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans have never been nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes it's true (not so much today) because Vhoppa Goldberg should have won the best actress for Color Purple, and the film was supposed to get the best picture. The only reason this film was so blown away is that people see a film about (* SEMI-SPOILER *) the problems of an Afro-American during a very racist period and they automatically denote it as a masterpiece. Denzel Washington is an extraordinary actor, but his role in this film did not affect me. I was bored with him in the film, and his acting was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so well. The audience should go to believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the films that worshiped this man, this hero, and went out and bought his book, making this hero rich. * SPOILERS * This film talks about the man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crime he committed (mostly stealing) was only to survive, nothing more. People complained him, even though drug dealers and thieves were likely to be so for the same reasons, but they looked at society from the heights. Everything in this film attempts to portray this man as a saint (apart from the obvious innocence he had toward his wife and aggression he showed to another man when he met his wife), but why not - after all, that's his point of view. I do not like films (especially Hollywood interpretations) based on "true stories" because they usually distort the "real" parts into something else, something is not so true. It was his attitude and Hollywood construction, but everyone believed that this was unquestionable. Well, I did a little research on his past before I made any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. And not only that, there is still the possibility that he killed those people. If you do not believe me, look it up on the internet and read the articles some people have about him. A boxing match he claimed to have won so easily won his opponent Joe Giardello and there are bands that prove it. In addition, there are many twisted and deliberate facts in this film. Support was the most beautiful person I've ever seen on Earth, and their "beautiful and perfect" personality seemed difficult to maintain. This film was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate truth. a story that is still left to be true. Denzel's acting was stagnating, and Mickey Mouse's stance supporting the actors was annoying. The film also starts very slow and boring.
