Like most people, I was intrigued when I heard the concept of this film, especially when the "filmmakers attacked" an aspect that seemed to emphasize, which, with a picture on the wrapper of filmmakers, was driving an angry mob. Then, to look at the movie and discover, oh, what they mean by "filmmakers were attacked", some children threw stones at the sign, and some people made a loud complaint and said "Somebody would win these two kids. "The cover image," chase "what it was like? Total fabrication. I think this is related to the subject of film, lying and manipulation in order to satisfy futile, stupid children with more money and time than meaning. I have no idea what the great truth that the viewer should take away from this movie. It's like Michael Moore's "Roger & Me," but if "Roger & Me" was Moore, who was lying to Flint people. It's completely misleading and totally dishonest. Wow! Can you believe that people who suffered under the yoke of Communism would be really excited about the markets being full of food? What a jerk! And it is not so much, "See the effects of capitalism and Western media blah blah blah," since it was not just that their fake market had comparable prices with competitors, it was, as many people in the film say, the prices were absurdly low, somebody mentions that they should have known that it was fake as much as they were ducking. This does not prove anything except that people who are poor will go to a low-cost shop, bravery guys, a way to stab people at the bottom. The way to play a stupid joke on elderly people. You should be very proud. How to make your documentary about Iraq and show that people will be really excited about the house without a hole in bullets in the walls, and then, say, "HAH! DO NOT SUCH A HOUSE EVERYTHING IS PREDICTED TO MEDIA!". Morgan "Please Like Me" Spurlock has freed this wet fart movie and is not a surprise because Spurlock as one hit prince of the documentary world seems to cast his weight behind every stupid sound concept to stay relevant in a world that really matters to him no need. Avoid As Plague.
