The main problem with the documentary film "Czech Dream" is that he does not actually say what he thinks he is talking about. In a laugh - I reluctant to use the word "inspired" - the act of street theater, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, have pulled out a huge corporate talent that will serve as the basis for their film: deliberately made a fake "hypermarket" (East European equivalent Costco or Val Mart Super Store), built the whole advertising campaign around it - packed with billboards, radio and TV spots, an official logo, an attractive theme song and photos of fake goods - and then waited to see how much "dopoda" will show up to their st Cheating on the day of opening. They even made an improvised façade to convince people that the store actually existed. It can be asked: "Why such something?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer given by the filmmakers does not exactly fit all that. Basically, we were told that the purpose of the press is to show how people can easily be manipulated to believe in something-even in something that is not true-simply through the power of advertising. And filmmakers advocate a moral claim arguing that the "real" (ie Higher) purpose of the charade is to persuade the Czech people not to fall into all the commercials that encourage them to join the European Union. Fair enough - especially when considering that real advertisers who agree to agree with the stout to plead against the unethical nature of lying to clients, as long as they justify their cooperation in fraud, arguing that this is a form of "research" in which it does and does not work in advertising. In a way, allowing themselves to be caught up in the camera and making these comments, these ad men and women are equally deceived by those who create films as those poor people who do not doubt, who are the primary target of a prank. But, in many ways, the satirical arrow not only did not hit its target goal, but ironic the zero on the filmmakers who launched it. Because they are themselves, not people of a good heart and natural trust that ultimately come as unethical and unscrupulous people here, because they continue to make fools of perfectly decent people, some of them old and handicapped and forced to travel long distance to the spot. And what should all this prove? That people are "greedy" because they are going to open a new supermarket in search of contracts? Or they are stupid and gullible because they do not suspect that there may not be a real market though someone is advertised? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would practically disable the functioning of the real world. No, I'm afraid that this smart, nasty, small "stunt" just proves what is completely and completely the tricks of filmmakers are because some really nice people felt like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick playing on them, react with kindness and good humor, I'm not sure I would be able to find myself in their position. I do not say that the film is not rough - something similar to the testimony of a massive traffic accident in action - but, when the dust finally settles down and all the disappointed buyers return the red face and empty hands in their homes, we can say with certainty that are not those who should be ashamed.
