Now I have a movie from the library and I have not finished watching it. It's so bad that I'm in disbelief. Until then, Audrey Hepburn lost her talent altogether, although she ended up with Robin and Marian. This is the worst thing in this terribly stupid movie. This is really interesting only because it was her last feature film and the appearance of Dorothy Stratten just before the murder. There is nothing but idiocy between Gazzara and his friends. Small signals and small arches and nodding in the right comedy, of which this is the weakest, brightest shadow. Who would have believed that there were even some of the surrounding Manhattan that Hepburn settled so magically and even mythical in 'Breakfast in Tiffany' twenty years earlier? The soundtrack of the old Sinatra's songs and the Gershwin's song from which the title was taken is too loud and obvious - you do not have to wait for points to find that something is subtly embedded in the cine-musical image to know when your songs were ejected. 'Return to typing' means return, as well as return, I suppose. In this case, the chic European lady Audrey Hepburn is everything you see from someone who used to be an occasional actress and always a star. Here she even lost her talent as a star. If somebody to whom talent continued to grow during that period, such as Ann-Margret, played this role, there would be some life in it, even with incredibly bad material and situations at the mongoloid level. Hepburn was a great person, of course, bigger than most movie stars they had ever dreamed of, and was once one of the most charming and most beautiful film actors. After this terrible performance, she made a terrible TV film with Robert Wagner called Love Among Thieves. In 'They were all laughing' it's like he's still playing ingenue in his fifties. Even the more empty and obviously less intelligent actors who insisted on it like Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than Heepburn. Turner acted seriously even when she was bad. Hepburn did not take it serious at all, he could not take care of it; even her hair and clothes look sticky. Her last really good job was in "Two for the Way", perhaps her most perfect, if not her best in many ways. And that girl who plays the singer in the country is just disgusting. John Ritter is horrible, there's simply nothing to recommend this movie except to see Dorothy Stratten, who was really pretty. Otherwise, critic David Thomson, who often uses the term "loses his talent", never made more sense. By that time Ben Gazarra had lost all sexual attraction, so we have two films with Gazar and Hepburn. - who could ask for something less? The last, poor film of Sandra Dee 'Lost', 2 years later, low budget, he had more than that. At least Madame Dee spoke with her voice; By 1981, the accent of Audrey Hepburn sounded stupid; she would continue to work in PBS 'Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn' and there she had a somewhat irritating accent when she walked to English gardens with aristocrats or wet stroll about what I liked most when the flowers returned to nature! 'like in naturalized narcissus, but in a real fictitious film, it just sounds ridiculous. Thinking that 'Breakfast in Tiffany' was such a deep, light poetic thing with Audrey Hepburn as one of the most beautiful women in the world - it was certainly one of the most beautiful screen presentations in 'Mi Fair Ladi', matching Garbo in several things and Delphine Seirig in 'Last Iear at Marienbad'. And then this! And her last short role as an angel 'Hap' in Spielberg's' Always' movie was just more of the ladies' things - dumb, foolish, and choked. I went to her commemoration at the Fifth Avenue Presbiterian Church, a beautiful service that included a children's choir singing the Shaker 'Simple Gifts' anthem. The only thing that was not mentioned in the program was the sudden gig of Hepburn's song 'Moon River' in a fire in 'Breakfast at Tiffany', and it brought a lot of emotions and some real tears in the community. The great lady who was once a fine actress (like in 'The Nun's Story') and one of the biggest and most beautiful movie stars in many films of the 50's and 60's which became really bad - that's not all in common. And maybe it's just a great human being, making such things as film trivia trivial, still has the magnitude of the mind that he wants the mistakes to stand out mercilessly - which contains all of his late film works in abundance. The biggest part of the story about Hepburn's miscasting is "My Wonderful Lady". But the one who needed to have the original actress in it was 'Vait Until Dark', played by Lee Remick on Broadway. She was never as famous as Hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (Hepburn was completely incapable of playing something really bad), although Hepburn was sufficiently adequate in that part. After that, all her acting went downhill.
