I've heard a lot about this movie, with people who write to me to tell me I need to see it, because I'm fan of extremely bloodthirsty, bloody films. I almost reached my hands right now, but one thing or another kept me from watching me - until now. It would be better for me not to remember that I even had it. This film was horrible. The worst thing is that it could have been much better than it actually was. I know it was the story of Clive Barker and everything, and no, I did not read that story - but it seems to me that if you are not, then you will, as I myself do, completely do not know and be completely disappointed. > The film starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood was a bit poor, but given that it was the first scene, I was hoping to improve later on. I was wrong. Blood and effects are so terrible that it's almost an insult to my intelligence that one can expect to believe that, for example, someone could hit the head of a man's right from their shoulders using only a hammer for meat. VTF? CGI blood (did they even use any "real" blood at all? My homework looks better than anyone else in this movie!), Incredible demoralizing actions (eyes popping only from a blow to the back of the head; hands neatly cut off - no one does not remember that there are BONES through our bodies?!), too dark scenes (each scene is either unusual yellow or hidden in the shadow) ... it just gets worse and worse. I discovered that I made a mistake by mistake. There are too many of them. Add to this the fact that what could and should be a great serial killer turns into a demonic / supernatural / monstrous movie in the end ... no thank you! It was supposed to be guarded like a creepy guy who was killing people in the subway - OK, with a conspiracy theory that was inserted and over-photographed. Maybe they kill people and sell meat over meat? Possible, feasible ... and much better than the "real" story. That could and should have worked. Instead, it became "the creature that lives at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it except for you, and if you do not read the book, well ... you will just not understand it" fiasco. Tragically, what a horrible thing for a movie with such a potential. If you love foolish false blood and blood, you will love this. But if you have half the brain in your head, you will hate it completely. Stay away, far away.
