I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was a name, maybe it was the way the poster looked, I do not know. In any case, it was initially quite promising. Even throughout the story there were some great moments. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of horror, and I do not watch them a lot, but this sometimes looked fresh. But the rest is not that good. Sometimes she laughs. The film is slow, sometimes it will be boring for you to forget what the story was like. Neither characters are big. All of them. The butcher is fine, it seems creepy and crazy enough. Even though I did not get what were strange things on his chest (that whole scene looked like a fake and somehow blue), and why did he collect it in jars at home? The main trace is plain. His character is really hard to believe, and very underdeveloped. But I guess they are the screenwriters guilty. How did he cry when he photographed his girlfriend? The bad side is also bad. But the main thing that I hated in this movie was the girl. God, when are women in horor movies going to have a brain? That's funny. The girl finds out that the maniac took the camera of her guys, tried to go to the police, it did not work, and then she thought of the best idea ever. Why do not we just go and take it! I know where the maniac lives! Yup! Thats svell! Then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then get in the room, you see a bag that was not there before and just look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Does not have. But many interesting things. Shini. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means that the butcher returned is too heavy for her tiny little brain. Then, of course, never stopping the trick "falls while running", which really made it look bad. Then, in order to put the last nail in the figure, at the end of the movie, she enters the FULL car with bodies that hang on her legs, screaming "Noooo" as if she had just torn down the Gucci bag and still into the car. Jeez. Come on. Nobody else thinks it's just, good, stupid? Just terrible. If her character was not so bad, maybe the movie would get another one or two stars. I would even forgive MMT characters who can hit the head with a steel hammer (that guy in the train who killed the conductor), butcher vests that can protect against bullets, strange and cheap monsters in the end (I did not read the novel Clive Barkers, so I have no idea from where these monsters came), the fact that nobody cares that hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the prison) disappeared in the city, and the main figure who did not bleed death when he pulled out his tongue (he barely noticed). Oh, and the predictable end. Damn it, I knew it was half way, it's just disappointing. The only reason I'm still responsible for the creators is that the movie looks better than most of the horrors I've seen in the past months. The visual style is nice, some recordings were very good and good CGI that made the murders look very brutal. (although the blood did not look real at all) I suppose some people will enjoy it, some like me, they will watch it if you can not see anything else, some will hate it absolutely.
