I heard and read many praises on "Midnight Meat Train" based on a short story written by Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work from the original "Hellraiser" that I directed, but so far I can only express very mixed feelings about to your viewing experience. The most suitable term to summarize the whole movie is just a word: it is tedious! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horrors, but it is indescribably unnecessary and exploitative. Normally speaking, I am very pro-violence, but it must at least serve some kind of purpose. The butchering ?? literally ?? shown in "Midnight Meat Train" is exclusively intended to shock and reject viewers with weak nervous systems and easily disturbs the stomach, even if it is not entirely effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are several flaws, some even bigger than pointless mountains, but perhaps I should first focus on good elements. The basic concept is definitely promising, and multiple sequences (such as Searching for a freezing room) literally flourish from tension and nasty atmosphere. Unfortunately, the pacing is very uneven and the elaboration of a potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily intricate. It is assumed that the processing of a short story in a long screenplay of the feature film is responsible for puzzleing irregularities, but I honestly think that they could do more with the scandal as well as with the likeness of Vinnie Jones. The story is Leon, an ambitious photographer in New York City, whose agents advise him to look for the scary city of the city through malicious images. Leon then becomes obsessed with the lurking of an introvert and suspicious butcher who is always waiting for the midnight train. Leon is right, because it turns out that the butcher is an irresistible serial killer who literally hits his victims with a big hammer, but the motivation and behavior of the killer suggests that there is something far more significant that happens on the line at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing locations such as metro stations in night and animal slaughter, plus a movie also uses good acting and a truck of disturbing images (such as corpses on the hips for meat and blood-sucking wagons), but director Riuhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Vars") does not use all this completely. The ending leaves lots of questions unanswered and, even if Clive Barker thinks it's like this, I still think we deserved a little better clarification of the finals. "Midnight Meat Train" is a bit intriguing and definitely a movie that devours, but not without tasks. It is not intended for easily offended viewers, but maybe people who seek courtesy and clarity should also leave it alone.
