Is it the same Kim K Duk who directed the touching, life-giving statement "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? Same Kim K Duck, who directed an extraordinary, almost silent, heartbreaking aspiration for "3 Iron"? Same Kim Ki Duck, who blinded us with the stunning tragedy of the Coast Guard, made us angry at the uglyness of merciless teenage prostitution before we returned to his almost patented motive of nature to allow all of us (characters and viewers) to be redeemed into "Samaritan Girl "? I just can not find it in this movie. Oh, of course, Kim's natural motif is still present. The film takes place exclusively on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishermen floating peacefully on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the movie as "beautiful" in an interview that is included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm no longer sure what it means after watching this putrescent presentation. What is beautiful in angry prostitutes, in lusty, violent and rampant fishermen, the greedy dumb merchant, explicit torture of animals, the sequence of self-defense, and the rhythm that struggled between the bestial carnality and the foolish brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that are presented in this utterly confusing and ultimately meaningless film. If it is based on a story or is intended as a parable or is intended to be a symbol of something greater, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. It was convenient compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from some incredibly good performance, especially considering what they had to do, actors Seo Jung and Kim Ioo Suk, I find a few reasons to recommend this movie. I did not see "Audition," but I doubt that I would change my view of "Island" in any way. Violence is pornographic and senseless sadistic. Her sex is not pornographic, but without passion and masochist. The signs behave in an irritating impulse because there is no complication. His point is either non-existent or, I admit, lost in the middle of Korean cultural dossiers that I do not understand. The only beauty is in cinema, which is classic Kim: foggy mist boats slowly across vedro lakes, mountain terrain dominates the background, and imaginative and playful color usage. Sometimes it seems that the viewers are locked up in the Kim K Duk fight room. Some touches, like the mysterious and seductive silent dealer played by Jung, and the weirdly strange use of the engines, are intriguing. But, as a movie, this effort is completely confusing and, ultimately, offensive to the senses, not necessarily for sensibility. One hopes Kim will leave this way of filming the film in the trash of his past, because we know he is capable of much more.
