As a good advertisement for Republicanism as you will ever see, "Maierling" is a daily story of the royal people at the end of the nineteenth century in Austria. During one of the seemingly incessant internal turmoil in Europe, she deals with Emperor Francis Joseph (James Mason), his rebellious son, the Crown Prince Rudolf (Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extravagantly uniformed poppies, gypsies, dancers, women, soldiers, swans, horses and bizarre inbred networks of European nobles during the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy of Francis Joseph. Shot in what the old posters called "color rebellion", does not look like anything other than the expensive, but intellectually challenging production of the "Student Princess". his versatile European emphasis whenever he remembers. I am his big fan, and I sincerely hope that the fee was proportionate to the disgust that he clearly felt for the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who built a career that was largely based on watching directly in the camera with his big brown eyes and looked mental, gives a stunning monotonous performance as his son Crown Prince. He is utterly unpredictable as a man in the film The Least of Cuts through the Port of Austrian Aristocracy. With his well-soaked locks he sits firmly on his feet and rely on less and less likely uniforms. As an insurgent, he talks to the conversation, but he does not noticeably go by walking, leaving the Lower button canceled on one of his tunic as far as his defiance is concerned. Luckily, he falls in love with an ordinary man. "Forbidden Love" is one of the incoming films. Catherine Deneuve barely pushes that envelope. Mis Deneuve has a profile for which he dies and we see a lot of things, especially in the order placed on the ballet. Now I love the ballet as much as the next man, but it seems that the series continues for too long, and the cynical critic might consider it to be a "padding". Rudolf's mother, Carica plays Miss Ava Gardner. It gives a part of a good old American oooomph, making it a bit like "Aunt Mama", but it's done with an undefeated style. I will not say much more strongly. The only performance to be watched is Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - excuse me, Edward, Prince of Vales. He is so unattractively interested in everything that is happening around him that's a pleasure to watch. immortal question "What is the bleeding time?". I am not qualified to challenge the historical accuracy of "Maierling", but, in my opinion, everything else is possible. It's Ruritanian Opera Buffa without any melodies that send you home from the cinema.
