Let me start by saying that I read many reviews before I rented this movie and I knew what to expect. Still, I was surprised how bad it was. I am a big beard admirer and I'm used to much forgiving when I watch one. Most of them have sub-effects, bad acting and a bad story (best from earlier films). So far, with the possible exception of some later Hovling series, this is the worst thing. First, the story. She is quoted more than once in the reviews on this site, so I will not go into details. However, it is obvious that the writer (s) had absolutely no affinity for the likes of the lananthropic monsters. As this often happens when a horror film is given to a writer who considers himself "above" such a fare, they have tried to find a new spin on myrrh bears. That's fine, but the non-horror fan that tries to do it generally ignores the intelligence and sophistication of the horror audience and ends with writing. The action feels like a parody of inferno films, and the events are only shown so wrong that I felt that my intelligence was seriously offended. TV news shows, for example, never leave the reporter to a close-up of someone in the crowd behind them. Give characters and viewers the merit of being able to spot a villain on the scene without using a blurred neon advertising. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. As for the effects, I NEVER seen less convincing insects. I'd be happier with Lon Chanei Jr. in crepe hair. The beast they used look like ... well, like a guy in a cheap rubber suit with a little hair glued and some really horrible animatronics. And I know that many people have already criticized the CG, but my God, it was terrible. One scene has a woman who is changing and starts with a completely CG version of the actress, act, but for some reason without warts. My first thought was, "Hey, why is one of the characters in ReBoot turning into a stupid insect?" In any case, I like to look for positive results in any movie, and there were a few. Cinema was passable (the film was shot completely digital, which is interesting), and some of the shows were not terrible. It was interesting to see Tipi Hedron as the most homeless homeless in the world, and Kane Hodder as the title of a bad guy. Also, Yellow Rangers grew up and ... well, a curse. And if you're looking for a skin, there are pretty tasty examples. This ends the male-pig segment of the review. All in all, if you want a good wrestling film, try the "American Werewolf in London", the original "Wolf", "Dog Soldiers", or even "The Wolfman" (although that wolf has more than it was). If you have ended up with an artillery, then take a look. Otherwise, miss this.
