Despite the fact that they knew people who were either big fans of Noam Chomsky, or think that he is tired relic from the sixties, I really did not have an opinion about this man, except that I knew that he gained fame as a linguist, but I could not clarify any from his theory, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist preferences. So, stumbling on the DVD documentary in 2003. Noam Chomsky: Rebel Vithout A Pause in the used video store, movie who accompanied him on the book in 2002 for his book 9-11, I decided to get it, just so you could have little knowledge about a person the next time a person, for or against, would talk about him. While I was happy to get a movie, my first reaction to this boring and sick hagiography was, and what is all that fuss? <Br /> <br /> For a man with so many degrees, praised as "the most important intellectual '', according to The New York Times, in the case of DVDs, there certainly was not much, intellectually speaking. I know that I would chew him and spit into the debate, and I would not even want to watch what Willieam F. Buckley could do it. However, the entire film was apparently that Chomsky video everywhere conspiracy, and that their glazed eyes nodding their heads in approval of most normal amazing and outrageous things he said, and not on linguistics, so maybe that's why so bad. But, again, if he is a linguist and a top in his field, why would he care in the world what he could say about something beyond his field of expertise ???. Even worse are his assistants, who seem to isolate man more from reality, arguing that the Chomsky target for Zionist killers is the target. The little I knew about Chomsky before watching this movie, I knew so much: it was generally considered to have been intellectually and rather irrelevant, from the fall of the Soviet empire. The film is so poorly structured, and without a narrative thread, it's hard to separate all the confusion. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave an interview, which was cut off and released everywhere in the film. She seems to be a pretty enough woman, but entirely from her element that answers everything except for the most basic questions about their life. The only interesting thing he says is that September 11 was a great thing for Chomskis, since since then he has earned a lot of money in paying for his speech. It's not surprising, this type of film gives almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers must know all the praise of the 'big man' bears. Chomsky rarely interviewed one at a time. Stylish, there are no camera movements, no interesting changes, no touch, and most of the film is separated by fairy tale Chomsky, recorded by Humax Chomsky about this or that, and students who looked at him as stiff and excited were immaterial, that is, when darkened students do not ask barely audible and funny simple questions. This is a really bad film production by the director and editor Vill Pascoe, who in the statement of the film movie DVD shows that he is another non-critical Chomsky chocolat. In addition, one of the safest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but a mere agitprop, and a piece of agitpropa in something, is that Chomsky has never shown himself to be struggling with the answer. He seems to be a knowledge-based font that has no boundaries. <Br /> <br /> Considering the fact that most of the footage shot during Chomskijevih lectures at McMaster University, in Ontario, in Canada, prior to the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky says seems distant as things from the time of the Vietnam War. Yes, he here and there gives some good sides of American complicity in the media before the war, but he follows them with pure madness, because he does not seem to realize that most of the conspiracies are ad hoc and not fully planned. As an example, he argues that the advertising industry is a cable that mercilessly controls the population, but it does not say a word about the zombie population that is so controlled. Similarly, he argues that Trilaterals rule the world and that people's fear of crime is another result of the cable. Of course, this claim is fully explained by the distant cyberbullying centers, and all this wastes the time and money of the district prosecutor's offices. It also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been the victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and the company were big sponsors, in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the fall of the Soviet Union. I can only speculate that the UFOs of the conspirators are only waiting for Chomsky to declare that gray aliens have set up centers for the impregnation of species blending in Idaho. In his simple world without the gray, the Chomsky is terrifying as thick as the members of Busho, which he slanders; even more so because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, over the head of most questions, and beyond his intellectual depth. Near this film he warns: "Be careful when you hear that intellectuals are fighting for justice," and yet it can only laugh, because a man who apparently never met a revolutionary person, nor the idea that he does not like, no matter how barbaric their crimes, and anti-intellectual stance. Please, stop before you waste time and money on this stupid, but irrelevant, DVD.
