Record: Full month. The creature, the great insect, is in the hunt. Not for meat, not for blood (not that it seems necessary to bite on the road), but for a partner. He's looking for a girlfriend. But not any girl. Girl. A girl who is clean (and also a waswolf, although she does not know yet). Three, check it well, two policemen (after the first scene) and an old lady with a bag is all that can stop it, or even knows that it's a killing thing and eating lots of people around the full moon inmates. This mighty inferno Darkwolf approaches the girl. If he gets it, mankind is doomed to failure. Now the police have to find a girl, she convinces her not only that there is someone, a jealous man who wants to rape her, and maybe she is killed, but she is a waswolf himself. And then they had to stop it ... Comments: This is one for guys, for teenagers. Many scenes with semi-naked girls are more or less important to the plot. Mostly less. So I guess you need to fill something for a while because the plot is (expected) thin. Unfortunately, apart from the girls, there is little that can help to break the plot. They usually switch to two main themes. Golotinja. Check it out. And then special effects. Hmm ... Well, there are some things you can call the effects. They're not very special. In fact, to be open, they are very bad. It seems that the film suffers from a lack of funds. Some of the girls could not afford clothes;), and the effects are cheap. Some of the transformations between insects and human form, apparently derived from computers, are really bad. Maybe you overlook such things. But Darkwolf itself is very rough, and you never see that there were murders. Only some later corrupted corpses. And there's a surprisingly small amount of blood in a movie that sincerely needs to be soaked with blood. I'm not sure what to say about actors and characters. Most of the time they work well, but unfortunately there are mistakes that the characters (or actors) simply lost. Several of these failures could be related to the above problems. As a bad effect, or a bad budget (?). This could explain why there is little precious recording, even if the characters are armed as a small army, and the target is obvious (and it does not move). But hey, when you're in real danger, nothing that will save your life as a good liner ... Unfortunately, this can not explain the moments when a policeman, Steve, is the only one who knows how to deal with the problem, the inferno who is running , when only what can be certain is that the inferno comes to the girl, who is now next to him, and that she can not have it. But, I'm sure, it has allowed the creators to stop further the end ... But I would not mind if I do not see that none of the main actors / actress gets another attempt in another movie. Pa. Let me give a little conclusion: Not the film I recommend. 3/10
