Hip. Erotic. Evil sexy ... whatever. It's "Terminator" with the inmates. No, seriously. A policeman rescues a girl (a waitress!) From a big monster and calls himself his "protector." The main actor Ryan Alosio works pretty well with Killa Reese ... a massacre at the police station ... a bad guy is muscular with red eyes ... and even contains a dialogue modeled on "You said" Never. The death script comes from the first screenwriter who, thanks to God, did not sell any of this, and all this is cast by well-known bad director Richard Friedman. The film opens in a striptease bar. (always a good sign), and an unusually handsome biker appeared without apparent reason, driven by three policemen. One of them is black, and (shocking horror!) He is the one who was killed in the first five minutes. The film goes downhill for the next hour, then gets a little bit up with some decent action sequences, before rounding them with the end. In most cases, actors find themselves as competent actors doing what I can with a bad script and director who is willing to satisfy less. If anything, it seems to be learning how to act in this movie, and Alosio, along with some of the supporting actors, shows talent marks. DarkVolf in his human form plays a huge Kane Hodder - famous for his numerous reviews by Jason Warhees in the films 'Friday, 13th'. He's decent enough, especially since he's not used to talking about roles. He became known among the group of rosy teenagers for the lesbian umbrella scene between Andrea Bogart and Sashe Villiams, who gives her a set several times in the great tradition of the former Pover Rangers actresses. And it is unclear that the editor spent a lot of time on the scene ... in any case, the main feature of redemption is that the physical effects of the injuries are pretty good, and the design of the wolf is not at all bad. It's bad. Simply bad. I seriously think, if you can not achieve some level of realism - why be tortured? Throw a little more money in makeup! In addition to the horrible scenario, this film has its moments, many of which are unintentionally ridiculous. It's good to laugh if you have nothing better to do, but just do not spend money on it. Please.
