DarkVolf tells the story of a young waitress named Samaire Armstrong who led a fairly ordinary life while her friend Mari (Tippi Hedren) was not killed by the Vukodlak, you see Werewolves actually exist in modern America and even there is a special police organization to have fighting against the threat of the Werewolves by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has a difficult task to tell Josie she is actually a purebred Vukodlak and that the so-called Vukodlak is a 'dark prince'. (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new kind of clean blood insects that will take over the whole world, or something like that. It is understandable that Josie has a difficult time believing in it until she sees evidence with her own eyes. It's from Steve's policeman to save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-executive producer and director Richard Friedman I thought DarkVolf was a pretty bad budget shot on a digital camera's horror movie that did nothing for me. Geoffrey Alan Hollidai's script starts very promising, because it is set in a strip club with lots of naked chests on the shov, and then there is a Verevolf attack that leaves someone scattered everywhere, but after this decent order of opening it is quite downhill. m fear. For starters it's slow, it's boring, predictable and filled with very disturbing characters that come out with lots of bad dialogue and do stupid things like when they have the chance to shoot in the Wolverine, and I have no idea why, but they just stand there. The script is silly and does not explain itself, why Josie never turned into a Werewolf? Is she really the only one? Why can not this "gloomy prince" find another female inferno? There are many other things that make little or no sense as an ancient book that at first glance seems very important, but then it is completely forgotten halfway, but you get the idea, on the whole, the film greatly moves the fashion to a very predictable climate calculation that is at least uncomfortable. Director Friedman well illuminates a film with a brilliant neon, but this does not point to a new or original and does not improve the movie spectacle. Let's talk about special effects or their shortcomings now because the effects in DarkVolf are far from special, Transformation of Wolves is achieved by using CGI and it's among the worst CGI I've ever seen, and it would be seriously that Plaistation is shy about these computers. graphics. It's easy to be the worst transformation of the Wolverine I've ever seen, the American Werewolf in London (1981) was made more than 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkVolf, which says that special effects have over the years? Animatronic puppet effects are not much better, although at least something is psychic on the screen. The mountain is not much after the murder of the bloody opening, there are blood and many dead bodies, but not much. Thre is a pretty big naked woman if it's your thing, but do not get too excited because you still have to sit through a horrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? Technically, DarkVolf is fine except perhaps the worst CGI effect ever, it's pretty well made and seems to have at least a production value. Acting is what you really would expect. DarkVolf is another low-budget horror film that bites shelves for video shops and breaks the layout of unknown cable TV stations. it was as bad as some, but as if going to the dentist was somewhat more fun than going to a funeral, although everyone said they did it and they were still terrible ...
