"Nacho Libre" (2006) Director: Jared Hess Cast: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Hector Jimenez, and Darius Rose <br /> <br /> <br /> <br / > MPAA Rating: "PG-13" (for some rough actions and rough humor including dialogue) Tell me what you want about it (I know some people who despise it to the end), but I always thought it was "Napoleon Dynamites" a funny movie - not the brightest brick on the wall, but a funny movie. Jack Black is also a very funny man - sometimes irritating, yes, and massively overrated by an audience that practically adores him, but ridiculous. There was rarely a Jack Black comedy that I did not enjoy to a certain extent. So, I was very happy to hear that Jared Hess, the writer and director of Napoleon Dynamites, and Jack Black will gather a movie for a Spanish friar who becomes a wrestler to save the orphanage. My only reservation was that the plot seemed too thin. Unfortunately, my only reservation proved to be the fall of the entire movie. This plot, made as a skit on some such show, such as "Saturdai Night Live" or maybe even "Mad TV", would work flawlessly. Unfortunately, the plot runs too thinly over about one and a half hours of work and this comedy with one scar falls flat. Nacho grew up in a Mexican monastery and became a devout Lord. Nacho (a black man), now a monastery cook, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional wrestler. Since monastery finance has hit all the time, Nacho decides to join the wrestling tournament in order to win the prize pool and provide good food for the orphanage in the monastery. This action sounds so sweet and carefree. It looks like a perfect movie for Jack Blacko. After all, see what he did with the School of Rock. Well, to my dissatisfaction, this plot is almost completely destroyed by an offensive and rude humor that only takes away the heart of the film. Again is Hollywood the way to show that they think the audience will only understand jokes and stupid humor? Watching an obese woman moving like a mouse over the floor will surely get people to laugh, but do not expect to get a reward for putting in your movie. A seven-year-old could invent the same joke. The performances in "Nacho Libre" are actually good. Jack Black once again proves that he is absolutely hilarious and that even the dumbest, worthless lines can be on paper comically. Unfortunately, this film was not enough for him. It did not give him anything to continue and the only reason that some of his jokes worked for him. I've never seen or heard of Anu de la Reguer before, but now I can say that she is not only very talented, she is also one of the most beautiful women who have ever adorned me. She just clicked on the role and worked beautifully. Hector Jimenez, playing Nacho's partner, Esqueleto, was laughing at me forever. He did a very good job and was very efficient when he teamed up with Jack Black. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, did not have many rows, but, what can I say, I enjoyed it. He was wonderful. The other actors did their job. It's sad that they are lost in such a sub-movie. "Nacho Libre" simply does not work. His plot is too thin. The heart of everything is dashed with moronic humor and tedious scarves that simply do not work. I rarely laughed and, if I did, it was because of Jack Black or another member of the acting team. And that brings me to the bright side of "Nacho Libre": yes, the actors. This actress was only good, because of the lack of a better word, they were involved. They all clicked, they had excellent chemistry together, and pumped as many lives as possible in the flat scenario. After Napoleon Dynamites Jared Hess was amused for the entire film, I was surprised that I often found myself with Nacho Libre. Something is lost here and I still do not understand what it is. All I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie, and yet, due to its acting, it's totally worthless. There is little reason to look at it, just to watch Jack Black's work. But if you're not a Jack Black fan, then avoid this movie as a plague. I love Black, but I ended up with this movie and with this criticism. <br /> <br /> Final Thought: Iikes! This is a surprisingly disappointing continuation of his hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". <br /> <br /> Total rating: 4/10 (C +)
