Even if this film is allegedly joking in response to criticism, it's still a horrible movie. If anyone wants to be devoted to such things, even if he did it with a good joke ... first, Jeroen Krabbe I guess the poor Gerard Depardieu ... of course I hate Gerard Depardieu although he was very funny in the 'Iron Mask' Three Musketeers. Otherwise, he's poison at the box office, and Jeroen Krabbe is worse than that. Poor poison for cash ... is really not fair to the economically disenfranchised. If "The Fourth Man" should have been some kind of criticism of the Bourgeoisie .... what am I saying? it's not. Let's just say hypothetically, if it should have been, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a cunning thing ... if it's not sharp enough, the viewer becomes an ass instead ... I think it happened. The story ends up as a bunch of poor disgusting characters who do nothing that would cost everyone and not in an interesting way ..... (for a more interesting and worthy application see any movie Luis Bunuel ... very sharp satire) <br / > [Potential Caution of spoilers] Really, smoking at a cemetery that Jeroen Krabbe's character is so hard to achieve ... do you care? Is it funny? since Mr. Voerhoven should have been a good film producer, I will give him the benefit of suspicion and assume that it was some kind of misanthropic joke that escaped control ... although I guess he did not give Jeroen Krabbe because he is the worst actor and every the character he played was a pretentious bourgeois ass ... except that he was incapable of doing so. It turns out to be a weird caricature. Do you think that Mr. Voerhoven deliberately did it? and Jeroen Krabbe is the butt of a joke? I just do not see ... So, you understand the dilemma I face, right? It's the worst movie ever because it was supposed to be a good director. So, there's some sort of duperation. I knew that "Patch Adams" was terrible, and that he did not even see it. Do not fool yourself with a 'deceitful mischievous pack of 4th man' or a reputation g. Taken as a good director, etc.
