This sad excuse for the film reminded me of what I heard about Gigli, that Ben and Jen flopped earlier this summer. The "Red" is obviously arranged on such an inconsistent level that the scenes, instead of creating a cohesive and provocative film, seemed to be the sum of unconnected sequences that did little to convey any illusion of a unified complication. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You", "Knight's Story", and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man needs to find a better agent. Continue to accept scenarios such as "Red" and "Four Feathers" and it will be on the fast track to forget forgetting. Here's the problem I had with the movie. First, the director tried to compensate for the inadequacy of his essential conspiracy by introducing two more complicated lines that apparently had nothing to do with, well, much, anything. Knit juices in which the American was trying to take over the Vatican and the Dark Popes, although mildly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads together were at best pathetic. Secondly, please do not offend the intelligence of viewers by inserting them into movie scenes that are obviously mandatory. We made madness, made love and the most radical sex that looked like a page right behind the "Matrik Reloaded" with techno-music that hinders the skull. Instead of developing character, these elements looked like cheap devices that were obviously a half-attempt to put adolescents on chewing gum in the seats. Third, and most importantly, this film had an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have supernatural forces in the game. Then why do not we learn almost anything about someone's background? We learned a little about Alek, but even he gives up the passion of the clergy to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during exorcism at some point in the past. And Alek is the most developed, if you can call it that, a character in the whole movie. As it clicks today, if you're going to see a movie this year, make sure it's not this one. There are a dozen interesting minutes in an unbearable affair of 101 minutes. The only thing that saved me was to go with a girl who liked me more. 1 of 10. I'm disappointed. Submit this document firmly below the potential, but spit it on editing and poorly directed. Heath mi man, go back to Monster's Ball-like Thumbnails. They really do.
