The red line begins in Rome, where a dead boss of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons named Francesco Carnelutti, cut into New York, is contacted by one of his orders, Alec Bernier (Heath Ledger). cardinal Driscoll (Peter Veller) who asked him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend Mara Villims (Shannin Sossamon) and fellow priest Tomas Garrett (Mark Addi), Alek travels to Italy to embark on the death of her mentor, while the truth begins to appear. he sinned and lived with the burden to die peacefully and that the Church was not satisfied with his activities. Alek has to do what is right even if he is contrary to what he believes ... Also, under the title The Eat Eater, this American German co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & did not. I really do so much for me if I am honest and usually alone, honest. In any case, let's start with a messy script that has some OK ideas, but it's pretty predictable, very boring and boring, really stupid at times and it's taken too seriously. The whole concept is insignificant, and while he thinks he's clever with his so sharp ending that connects everything and gives the story a full circle I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to finish things. Here are the usual religious themes, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, you know what kind of things. Then there are outlines that are not difficult to see, there is the abuse of power by high priests, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know what Clichy Hollywood ideals are and the themes that are reused every time they deal with the Church. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious film movie, it's shit, a lot. I'm not really sure who the Red should appeal, as a stubborn horror fan, in that I did not see horror at all, as a thriller less than exciting, as the mystery is too predictable and there is nothing here to really squeeze or hold interest, and for some reason I can not to understand that IMDb also lists the Order as an action movie that is absurd because it is exciting and full of action as well as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - today), maybe rough, but that's what I think ... < Director Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme Previous and everything looks a bit drab, gray and dull. For the alleged horror movie Red is very light on fears or terrible elements, in fact there is not one of the two evil kid who can without any reason be turned into a flock of birds, do not ask. Forget about any kind of blood or violence because there is not one that is fine, but it would help at least for the Red to look a little. According to the IMDb 'Trivia' section, the date of issue of the order was returned so that some special effects can be improved because they seemed inadvertently funny, all I can say after the finished movie, the effects had to be bad for the beginning, as they are not so brilliant like now. I was stunned when I saw that the Order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money, and I just can not see where it all happened separately from the sets and designs of production that are good. The whole film looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. The acting is fine, though it's an annoying fat guy who looks like a kind of stinking comedy irritating, a good actor like Peter Veller deserves better than this. Red, I prefer the title. A sinner that does not really matter too much, misses all the intended goals for an honorable mile, as far as I'm concerned, and it's a pretty boring way to lose 100 minutes of your life, so do not do it! Not recommended.
