On the days of the Catholic Church, the sinner was an individual who, through the ritual, would take on the sins of a dying person. Often these people were excommunicated or similar individuals whom the church would not release, and thus denied them entry into the sky. The sinners were considered blasphemous, bypassing the Crum monopoly for ransom. Seize this little with some open supernatural my, let the concept wander where it can, and you have "The Order", a film that combines Stigmata with religious anti-authoritarianism, "The X-Files" paranormal research and "sexual spirituality" of bird birds " (Alek) (Alek Heath) is an apostate priest, one of the last members of the Karolinska Order, a semi-hereditary order of priests looking for knowledge, fighting the demons. When Alek's mentor was found dead under bizarre circumstances, the bishop Driscoll (Peter Veller) Mark is Marking Addict and Shannin Sossman, who was the subject of one of Alec's exorcisms a year earlier, and three of them go to Rome to explore and get into the dark underground bizarre Catholic heresy, malicious propaganda, demonic decline, and a man who claims to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same principles on scattershot and half-hearted "Knight's Story "), the film is unusual and difficult to classify. He wants to be a few things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, drama TV pilot - and only sometimes succeeds in any of them. It does not help slow the pace or the fact that most actors seem to be smashing through their performances with occasional bursts. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly staggering desperation scene in an otherwise monochrome performance. Sossman, however, showed the same unconnected performance that she showed in all of her films (especially in the "Rules of Attraction"). The plot of the meandrider between several different ports of the story, leads you to wonder which is the main with every arc containing its part of red herrings. It seems that the large void narratives between the scenes are sometimes lost, which can be confusing to many, but this is also one of the ways to save the movie. The structure of the film - combined with the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist to the very end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and think at a time when most films are obviously obvious in everything (an exception to this is the historical background of the Carolingians and the practice of eating the sin, explained in dry presentation). Even at the beginning of the film, instead of explaining, connections and character history are concluded. Combine this with on-the-go shooting and clever use of special effects, and you also have a very supernatural thriller with the old world, even opening which resemble something from the late 70's / early 80's. It also mentions the subtle and organic result of David Torne, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic vocal Lisa Gerrard. A very nice result that reminds you without a bombasticity and exists in very misleading simplicity. The confusing plot, the lack of purpose, and sometimes the sleepy performances, would often be a damn movie, but for some reason, the "Red" remains visible. Many people will be very excluded from the film because of its strange sensibilities, and some may even become angry that they are forced to hire more brain functions to understand it. However, the pure intangibility of the film will prevent either being a critical or commercial success while a DVD, which I am sure will be supplied with abundant amounts of deleted scenes. Recommended movie only for people who like to think while watching. 6 of 10
