Good guys in Webster's dictionary define Logophobia as "fear of words". Maybe I'm just Logophobic. Because no combination of words scares me anymore than at the beginning of the film, credits contain the words 'Produced, Vritten and Directed would:', and followed by the name of one individual. Think about that. There are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few crafts. Even the most experienced directors, such as Speilberg and Scorsese, rarely take control of their films. But I was here, all nestled in my seat, popping in my hand and ready to watch the Order when they threw me like Nolan Rian fastball, were the words 'Produced, Vritten and directed by Brian Helgeland'. Vhoa! As a movie lover, I knew about Brian Helgeland. As a writer, his filmography over the past 10 years would be displayed as dotcom stocks in 1998. There were so many theater inconveniences (Assassins, The Postman, Conspiraci Theori) as there were critical and award winning successes (LA Confidential, Mistic) Reka. They seemed to change? one good, one bad, and knowing that his last film, BloodVork was one of the worst efforts in Clint Eastwood's career, I breathed and hoped for the best. In retrospect, I should not be breathing out. The Red is the star of Heath Ledger (Helgeland's A Knights Tale), like Alec Bernier, a priest in a line known as Carolinians, who was summoned to Rome when a fellow priest was killed under circumstances that the Arch Bishop considers "curious." Meeting with Father Thomas (also the Red and beautifully playing with Mark Addy), they set out to make up a puzzle that was left behind by the priest's premature death. Complicating things are a side-by-side action involving Mara Sinclair (played by Shannin Sossamon) who fled the institution as a result of her attempts to kill Alec during exorcism. Alek has feelings for Mari and for some reason the audience knows nothing, they travel together to Rome together. Nightly good sleep passes and Alek faces Villain Eden (Benno Furmann) who claims to be the sinner of sin for centuries. The sinner who eats, as we have been told, are those who eat the sins of a dying individual when the church does not, and so permitting entry into paradise. William, like happiness, is tired of the healing life and demands that Alek take over his role and relieve him of his worldly duties. Alex resists, but after the death of his new love, Mara, Alex adds to the ritual that eats sin to save and the transformation is complete. Then Alex asks for answers to his many questions, while Father Tomas discovers a Vatican plot after delegating authority to his fellow investigator. Red is not a horrible movie, but it's terribly boring. There were funny special effects and nothing to do with any character. Even on the most dramatic scene - Aleko's entry to the dying Maru - is pale and pale and leaves us without an emotional response to the troubles of the couple. It seems that everyone speaks so quietly and smoothly that film straight lines and fragrant salts can be applied to prevent me from trying to sleep fast in the middle of the film. So, Mr. Helgeland, Please do not try this again. Share your vision with others and allow those who are more experienced to help guide you in directions that are not so narrow-minded and self-serving. Until then, there is nothing to indicate that you are capable of something more than an unsuccessful evaluation. Two stars. <br /> <br />
