... and even then, even they can live without it. To be honest, this movie (if it's so called) is of real interest only to the fake cops. Betty's site lovers will learn absolutely nothing new (and I do not mean anything *), nor will they enjoy the warm fusion of experiencing something famous, loved or appreciated. Regardless of the endless scenario, wooden, less-than-the-scenes acting, extreme absenteeism, shaved lighting, or any of the other valuable production values. This is definitely "Hey, kids, we make a movie!" shooting a movie of the lowest order. I guess it might be grateful that at least they knew how to operate the camera. No, I'm sorry to say that none of this is related to why this thing is so wrong *. It's wrong because the young lady who plays Betty Page, a bit of a fussy girl whose only similarity to the Queen's Curly is dark hair and the trademark bangs, quite failing to bring anything into a role beyond the willingness to be tied and gagged. This is obviously a good thing for her film career before and after this poor surplus, but not because of the poor surplus, which consists primarily of a large number of newly reunited B & D sets in sandwiches between the terrible terrible fauk-biographical scenes that describe Ms. The page falls from grace (so to speak). In fact, there is probably more information about the life of a page in the opening and closing itself than about the rest of the film. Do not be fooled. This is not a worthy escort movie "Notorious Bettie Page." This is not worth the film at all. This is a fetish piece that trades on the attraction of one of the greatest pin-ups of all time, and it works without class, without style, and without any real sense of understanding the character of Bettie Page. No real Bettie Page fan will find anything but disappointment, I guarantee you. Avoid at all costs. If it's free, remember that time is the money. Your may not be worth much, but I bet it's worth enough to be sorry for you wasting time with this. That's it, I'm done, you're warned.
