This film was incredible. I saw it at the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before it started, the owner of the theater rose and told us that half of the audience had left the theater last night, which was his "world premiere". I do not think anybody in the theater did not understand how much the movie would be bad at that moment. By the end, we all understood. It's not a documentary even though it was somehow sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biography and mistakenly honored Bettie Paige, in which half of the film is actually a remake of the old Bettie Paige movies. The film is only 90 minutes long, and the content of those 90 minutes is at least the least. The scene would start to go, and someone would say "wow, you are so great Beti, why not make another movie." followed by five minutes remake by Bettie Paige, which is almost as funny as the (normally boring) normal part of the film. By the end of the film, people laughed whenever another film about Betty Paige appeared. It was funny. In this theater I heard a lot of laughter, but people did not laugh with the film, they laughed at the film and its poor content and structure. It was easy to say, because the most laughing parts were those who were supposed to be serious or uncovered. I know that movies are expensive. I've seen many inexpensive independent films, but somehow the cinema and quality of this film have been separated from everything I've ever seen. The movie looks like it was made for $ 12. The cuts, graininess and lack of sensual action have made this an unforgettable experience. This movie says "Man, where's my car?" I look like Citizen Kane. My friends and I left the theater like we just paid $ 8 for torture. The only redeeming part of the experience is that we had to laugh at the fact that someone actually made this film and thought it was good. Obviously, the night before, on the night of the "world premiere," the director / writer / producer was in the audience and was a witness that people laugh and go to his film. Betty Paige films have been destroyed. And they should destroy this movie.
