One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples of excessive river sedimentation in the US in the 19th century was caused by the hydraulic excavation of golden cemetery hills on the Sacramento Valley between the 1850s and early 1880s. This process involved directing high-pressure water jets to the hillsides, causing the material to be washed downhill, where gold can be separated from gravel and sediment. Then the deposit was collected in a ditch or stream, and most found the way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that remained in the riverbed increased the likelihood of floods in downstream agricultural fields and cities and created permanent wetlands in some areas. A portion of the sludge was spread over agricultural fields, where it could cover crops or cover more desirable soil or make it difficult to harvest. Therefore, the conflicting interests of companies that used hydraulic exploitation and downstream farmers who were adversely affected by these operations, are the subject of this almost forgotten Varner film from 1938. First, we can wonder why Varner decided to film this film in a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. The story of wheat farmers and gold miners would not justify the cost and difficulty of filming at this time. It seems that the answer is an unusually long time spent indoors, with abandoned colorful clothes and ornaments. Then we might wonder why the colorless George Brent was chosen as the leading man and the main hero, to counterbalance Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic leader to wear it. Even the colorful Gabby Haies, in his small role, seemed unusually humiliated. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the seemingly more dramatic final part of the film. The part I saw took too much time to establish a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of graphically displaying the condition of the selected wheat baron and perhaps the nearby city people and their attempts to cope with their problems of flood and sedimentation. It should have been more like "Good Earth", published only a year earlier. Perhaps then it would be perfect for a charismatic leading man, such as Errol Flinn. Finally, there is also a blank title issue. It is sure that Varner could have reached an attractive or more convenient title. "Gold or grain" is short and accurate. Otherwise, as far as I understand, there are still plenty of gold in the '' them hills '', waiting to be extracted by other means other than hydraulic.
