Exploding the cepelini that are being demolished on the basis of the 'Captain' Jude Lav's 'Ski Captain' are an adequate metaphor to describe how this film is really terrible. First, allow me to say right away that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever recover money from this film. A cult hit could become, but only because it is so remarkable for what he failed to achieve. Now I see the terrain for studies. "Let's combine German expressionism from the 1920s and the 1940s world adventure with modern actions and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Vov, will not it be a success!" Skicaptain hits the viewer with his pure surplus. There are too many fake explosions, too many unconvincing scenes of struggle, and few real moments in which characters are anything but painful two-dimensional. After all, why shock and awe with one floating airplane when you can have three or five or a hundred?! Moreover, what could have been a revolutionary film, an inconspicuous combination of computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing environment will instead become a flop in a small part because it fails to meet the most important requirement for any impact using CGI. Simply, the graphics are incredibly bad. From the movement of cars to aircraft physics in combat, everything seems to be just a little bit. I'm not in any way picky. A child can notice that the car does not slip road like a muddy train (unless the Mercedes S500). And for those who raise voices in protest, shouting 'This is a stylized movie, it should not be like reality,' just to say this. Lord of the Rings set the standard for the integration of real actors with CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for irony science-fiction films, Rocketeer did a solid job by re-introducing the decade of the 1920s into the Hollywood movie portfolio, and Tim Burton's Batman created a unique image of New York / Gotham that has yet to be repeated. The captain of the sky is so short of all these films, it's hard to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, acting is so poor that it makes me sick. So you have it. I used $ 9 to watch this movie and you get my review. I hope it will distract you from making the same mistake as me.
