In short, this film is completely worthless. The idea is to make a film from the point of view of what someone from the early 1900s could think of the future. An interesting idea, but the lack of a convincing story or character prevents us from ever suspending our disbelief, so the idea only collapses. Obviously, the whole movie was shot with actors in front of the green screens and we should be impressed. But as a graphics person, excessive softening was an obvious stash to hide a severe sharp green screening problem. The color is largely washed without any significant effect except for reducing visual quality. And I do not understand why anyone would consider anything that is shown in this film in any way to break the earth. If nothing else, ridiculous retrograde graphics have dropped the bar for really bad graphics - they do not match even with ancient graphics from the Jurassic Park. Models for robots were so simple, simple and very insensitive. There were a bunch of strange prehistoric animals on this island, but they have not been explained in any way. The story is terribly incredible. In fact, I can not believe I did not get out of this movie. The relationship between Polly and Joe is impotent, and through the film is based on distrust and deceit. Why is Morris Paley the character even there? We are not in any way convinced that Joe is a heroic - I think he is flying by plane and saved one person (Polly) for personal reasons. Yes, there is a great hero for you. The guy has very little time on the screen, so why should we care about Joe who wants to save him? Who were the Nepalese who locked Joe and Polly in the mine, and why would they do that (recalling that Totenkopf's entire operation was robotic)? (a big drop in her great character in "Crow") stops the robots who captured Joe? They searched for bottles and did not find them. (2) Why would Dek be captured, but not killed (he does not know or knows about bottles, and bad guys did not know that Polly had bottles and was connected to Joe and to Deku)? (3) Poli suggests that "they" know nothing about Totenkopf, but she has some secret source about it that contains what looks like a pretty complete file in the FBI. (4) Empty place on the maps described by the Nepalese - if they know all about this mysterious area, then why, hell, their map is empty at that place? (5) At one point, Polly and Joe have to give up their clothes (burned) - Joe gets new clothes that are identical to his old clothes, but Polly is forced to wear some weird, bulky dress in the same line of continuity at once Polly has your original clothes back. Sigh *. How far should I transfer my brain to watching this shit? We should be excited about the production of music, even when there is nothing interesting or fun on the screen. > <br /> A acting? Should we be impressed with a bunch of bad British accents? Which character is not boring? I think Ling Bai's dialogue is probably the best in the whole movie (it does not have one line). The dialogue was not a camp and it did not even rise to the level of cheese. It's just bad and boring. These people are not heroic or tempting; they are the kinds of people you would try to ignore or separate if you have ever had an accident to get to know them in real life. I can not believe this movie gets a superior score here at IMDb. IMHO should compete with "Batman Forever" at the bottom 100 of all time.
