In the theater I entered the Ski Captain in 2004, expecting a good movie. Almost every review of this film was positive, the effects were appealing, they are convincing. It was anger. Apart from being bored and poorly written, the reason this movie gets 2 of the 10 stars is that everything in the movie is stolen from another source. I understand the difference between honoring and stealing: this was a theft. More importantly, it seems that filmmakers did not steal to make progress or to move the plot. They stole only to show that I can. Literally it makes no sense to display the Oscar Wizard's shot at the theater at the beginning of the film, apart from setting another scene (which I will no longer talk about) that steals from the same movie. Needless to say, every concept in the film was neither original nor even turning on the old concept: it was literally just a repetition of something I've already seen, from pulp-like robots that resemble old Superman cartoons and a recent movie. The Iron Giant, "a mighty soldier who deals with the martial criminals of the villain who has been used in countless films, the most recognizable in recent years as Darth Maul in" Star Wars: A Phantom Threat. "The subject of the current film, Most of the performances were entirely wooden, perhaps because the entire movie was shot on a blue screen with computer images that filled everything except actors. Frankly, this is not an excuse for bad behavior. If a person has ever been a child, they realize that lack of visual references is not from speech that you do not try. Finally, there is no humanity in this film .The protagonists are the only real human beings here. Almost all antagonists are robots, and the number of friendly characters shown during the film can be counted on one side If the robots attack the whole planet, should not we expect to see the masses of people running from them? The performance of the main characters prevents us from joining, indeed, anything here. The movie was not the worst movie There, why I did not give it 1 Instead, the film was an example of everything that is wrong with modern a Cioni films: film-makers have tried to justify the film with special effects, but without the artistic vision or originality of any kind, it falls flat.
