When robotic hordes start attacking big cities, who will stop the lunatics behind the attack? Ski Captain !!! Jude Lav plays Joe Sullivan, ascending to heavenly roads, struggling with incalculable coefficients along with her boring reporter, former girlfriend Gwyneth Paltrow, and former flight partner Captain Frankie Cook (Angelina Jolie). Ski Captain and the Vorld of Tomorro can look and feel like an exciting movie, but it's really pretty boring. The duration of the movie is 106 minutes, but it feels much longer, as there is no content in this movie. Visual images were great and the film did a nice job on that. However, there is nothing to support these beautiful images. The film lacks stories and interesting characters that make this thing quite boring and unnecessary. Curse of director and writer Kerry Conran. It focuses too much on visual effects and spends little time on the real story. The film is like a girl without a personality, after a while she gets mild and strenuous. Captain Heaven is a beautiful girl without a personality. It's just another case of style compared to a substance. The performance is surprisingly average and this is not actually their fault because they had very little work. The main reason I was watching this film is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the commercial is pretty wrong and it is only in the movie about 30 minutes. Its performance is also surprisingly mild. Jude Leo gives a good performance even though he would expect much more from him. Gwineth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. The performance of Ling Bai was the only one I loved. She gives a pretty good performance to a mysterious woman and was the only interesting character in the whole movie. Film, however, is not a complete failure. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There was not enough of them. The movie does not have that hook to really make it unforgettable. In fact, it was pretty gentle and not very interesting. It's a shame that the movie was not very good because it had such a promising premise. In the end, the Ski Captain is surprisingly below average and is not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
