The captain of the sky is probably the best horrible movie I've seen for a long time. Rife with incredible CG and special effects, hooked on the A-list (Jude Lav, Gwineth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and infinitely sympathetic Giovanni Ribisi) and running along with exaggerated, but Indiana Jones-esquire story, this should have been excellent It was supposed to be the key term here, of course. Jude Leo plays Captain Joe Ski with summer accent and abundance of over-the-the-ones. -Plavac, stinking hearts, but you can not do anything out of nothing, and even his frivolous delivery and childlike good looks can not save the stone dialogue of the film. (If Giovanni Ribisio sniffed his back on his back and said, "Good boy, Dek," just one more time, I might have eaten the whole guy in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins, is nothing short of the nerve bars. Her nasal whining and non-sarcastic comments become old in the first ten minutes of the film. She may have put too much effort into playing a stereotypical heroine from a book of comics - who knows? I expected more from her. An example of how a similar figure was played (and played well) is in the movie "The Phantom" in the late '90s, featuring Kristi Swanson and Billy Zane. Get the movie and you'll know what I mean. Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were rescue graces in the film. (Angelina Jolie was incredibly hot in that eiepatch. I admit it.) In just a few short scenes, both actors have somehow managed to rise above the tired material and provide more incredible performances than their dry, two-dimensional castas. The action and continuous progress of the story were old, boring, and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie over the past thirty years. The speed of the rapid burning in the first half of the film, and the speed of the snail in the other, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the final conclusion of the film, but also to understand who the main criminal is. Pairing is pretty cliché, too - Polly Perkins and the Ski Captain apparently reunite after several years of separation from the bitter romance, and their story is not as charming and eclectic as it is boring and unconcerned. When it finally settles with its mutual feelings to the end of the film, no one is surprised, and nobody really worries about anything. Requests for directors because it appreciates Bai Ling enough to dress in slim vinyl for the entire movie, as well as intriguing sepian tones that served as coloring. But Ski Captain, despite all the essential elements of being a great movie, falls on the face. It does not even cost $ 2.75 that I paid to go into the theater.
