"Ski Captain" can be considered respect for comics, adventures and film series, but it contains little magic of some of the best of these genres. One associate says that enjoying the movie depends on whether someone recognizes the effects of movies. I do not think that's true at all. One of the expectations of movies, fiction and serials that the Captain is honoring is completely different. Especially for those who experienced these fun while they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of these films. Of course, we know that traces will come in and out of scratches, but there must be some tension and drama. According to the peak of the "Captain" law, Paltrow has ten minutes to prevent a catastrophe and by the time they go down for five minutes they do not walk towards their goal. They take the time for a long look and unnecessary conversation and thinking about the foe an enemy from 30 seconds to the tragedy. Of course, some conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would maintain a sense of urgency. We do not expect such films to necessarily "make sense". They are expected to be fun, exciting, and have some sense of internal logic. "Captain" almost does not exist. Remember when the law and the Paltrow are persecuted by winged creatures and they reach a huge sink crossing the bridge? How come they are perfectly safe from these creatures when they reach the other side? I can FLI !!! The sink does not mean anything to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where's the escape? If the country is banned by flying creatures over the break-in, the film did not bother telling us how or why or even if. I know that Paltrow and Lew (both gave fine performances in the past) played "types", but both were pretty straightforward. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who has shown himself capable of a great nuance) and Angelina Jolie seems to have given any "mess" to their roles, although Omid Gilli looked as if he could do a bit more if he was just given the opportunity . He did a pretty good job anyway, considering that he was essentially lost. The film had an excellent 'look', but there are many ways that CGI interferes. CGI works best when used for fantastic purposes, when used to create beings that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular. When used to replace natural sites, it disappoints. There's no real sense in the miracle. The CGI Mountain has no status or sense of awe and the expectation that the right mountain works. I know that the design of this film was pretty thoughtful and did not necessarily have to look real, but should not it be so? It's just not. As for the weak and clichéed letter ... honor is no excuse. Even if the film had excitement and dramatic tension, it might still be pleasant. The "Last Samurai" was predictable as the days of the week and I am not a fan of Tom Cruise, but he had everything that the "Captain" did not notice most that the viewer got into his world and forced us to accept the rules and the way in the way "Ski Captain "definitely not. I'd like to see a similar approach to films about comic book characters from the 30s and 40s. The original (Jai Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as mature for such treatment. Perhaps better, better known and fully realized characters, who are these characters, made a much better movie. It would be hard to get worse.
