After Lock, Stock, and Tvo Smoking Barrels, the British film industry was soon overwhelmed by the bad gangster films of the late '90s-early 00s, which now seem even more desperate than they did at that time. In one of the biggest cases of pearls-of-pigs, manufacturers of Rancid Aluminum have brazenly put the quote "The best movie of the century" from one review by ad, and the rest of the sentence is omitted, indicating that this was only because, at the time of writing, it was the only a film that was released in 2000. Looking at him today, it's hard to imagine how it's ever done, bringing together an actor who was briefly regarded as Cool Britannia's Lads cream. Mags Brigade ?? Rhis Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? but now only a Turkish guarantee every time in the confused adaptation of the confused novel by James Haves. The fact that the plot never explains can be reduced to the possibility that no one really knows what it is, or may simply not think it is important. Something about the Ifans businessman who was established with the criminal Russian criminal Steven Berkoff in the money laundering or investment scheme (it's never clear why no one ever asks) Fiennes's ruined Irish accountant, who expects the Russians to kill so he can take over your company. Since then, things have become increasingly confusing and unexplained, Ifans is changing from shouting about his life as horrible as juggling a visit to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and funny acclaimed Russian seductress Tara Fitzgerald, Berkoff continues to say "Bizniss" and " Francis Drake "and" Fiennes "have a decent Irish accent while proving that just because he played the great writer in Shakespeare in love does not mean that he can judge good writing when it comes to film scripts. When the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behra, you know that the movie is in deep trouble. With Poland in which Russia is filled with people with Polish accents and an unusual result that passes from John Barry pastics to music for spaghetti western Ennio Morricone on the stylistic budget, it completely disappears in cold stakes, which weighs and ends up in a curious but almost confusing, less and less by itself, sitting there like a dog shit.
