This is a direct continuation of the "Mummy's Hand" (1940), since the main character, Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and connects the story (with the help of archival footage) with his fiancée. There are only two unusual aspects of the film: the early death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey. Lon Chanei as a mummy Kharis gets the highest bribe, although given the nature of his role, he has a little more to do than to relax or mulch with his hands. There is nothing terrifying in his presence, except for his attempt to take the fiance, Isobel (Elise Knock). Dick Foran gets another bill, but he was killed in the first fifteen minutes! We should wait until 'Psicho' (1960) when the main character (Janet Leigh) died before the end of the movie! Banning's friend from the first film, Babe Jenson (now Henson), appears a little later, much, much, older and does nothing of the comedian who did it in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great acting thing is futile because Kharis kills him after only two short scenes. Then he stayed up to Banning's son John (played by John Hubbard) to head the cemetery - NO! The sheriff leads a torch that drives a mob in Banning's house to burn him and kill the mummy. Sound universally known? Turhan Bei is presented to the audience as a new high priest, Mehmet Bei, who cares about the food and feeds the tan leaves Kharisu. With its 'exotic' voice and looks, it's bad to be so easily killed. It would be better for Babe to take Von Helsing in charge of finding a mummy, with the ultimate decisive battle with him and Mehmet Bai. But instead, we have a pedestrian transformation of various pieces from the previous Universal Horror Films, compiled by hack Griffin Jai who wrote many of the other Universal Clowners, although he also worked "Don Vinsel of the Navi" (1942) and Don Winslow from Coast Guard (1943), which included Elise Knock. Elise Knock starred Anne Hove in six Joe Palooke films (1946-1949), and, of course, Turhan Bei, with 43 films and TV attachments, is great in the title role 'Amazing Dr. X' (1948) ). The cinema is much darker and atmospheric (with many noir shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first movie of the Kharis mummy, but it's a little interesting and exciting. I will give him 3.
