This film was a real torture that was supposed to pass. His first mistake is that nuclear energy is treated as a self-evidently "bad thing" that is hardly convincing in the audience. When it comes down to putting arguments, participants give barely justified facts without breath; All that is missing is someone who cries "when someone will think of children!". As I watched this film, I was constantly thinking, "Where did you hear that?" or "it can by no means be true" - but little information was supported by any reliable sources. And blessing them, 'ordinary people' in the movie have come across more insane than people with any understanding of and against nuclear energy; To be fair, it could be a mistake of filmmakers, but equally fair, that's the state that the movie stars share. As for the performer ......... Now some of these people are very respectable musicians whose music I enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this goal. But all of them came across the hippies of old hippies who desperately sought something to be processed, now that they were 60 years old. Graham Nash and James Tailor are particularly unpleasant. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he seems to be unable to believe what he was told (not to blame him), but desperately wants to be noticed and involved. James Tailor is performing what must be the vimpiest "hymn" ever, "Stand and Fight," in the most fertile way you can imagine. In fact, most performances are quite inconvenient when they do not obey. It seems that no one has done this event, as if it does not mean much to them at all. It is important to note that the driving force of the whole event is John Hole, the band Orleans, and is responsible for some of the most popular POPs of the 70's. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance Vith Me" and "Still One.") It's worth mentioning because it's symbolic that the cause here does not inspire any real passion in music. The cause is supposedly life-or-death, but everyone goes through their numbers as if playing Catskills. Except perhaps Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We've Lost Lost Detroit" is at least on the subject, but delivered with all the complacency of a high school age impressed by how much he is "controversial". Bruce Springsteen's performance only boosts the pulse; I've never been a great admirer of the boss, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. Part of me thinks that he was shot separately, at some other event, and that he was mounted in this movie to awaken the audience. Compared to the general courtesy and feeling of complacency here, it's no wonder Bruce was greeted as a rock'n'roll savior. But even his performance is aggravated by lifelong concert recording. I do not expect much vague camera motion from the 1970s, but the images are unnecessarily static, broken only by separation of seconds from cutting to backup singing tunes. Some of this may be because the performers are lifelong to start; and * perhaps * filmmakers are more skilled in documentary filming than concert shots - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Valtz" to see this kind of multi-skill movie. And with exciting musicians. Well, indeed, there are only two things to watch for this movie: Springsteen's brilliant performance, and as a sad recording of a counter-culture in decline.
