This extremely poor Australian excuse for the film is something like Pavel's experiment among horror films. You remember this famous experimental "conditional reflex" from your school books, right? Russian scientist Pavlov has proven that dogs tend to salivate before food enters their mouth through repeating routines that stimulate animal reflexes. Pavlov bent a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while, he became anxious and excited and he had already begun to get rid of the sound of the bells. What the hell is this bored explanation common with the stinking and low-budget Aussie Slasher movie, I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of a maniac killer in the "Nightmares" is the exact variant of Paul's experiment. Each individual sequence of murders is preceded by a raw sound and a picture of a killer who breaks the window, as he / she insists on the use of sharp pieces of glass in order to cut the victims. So, this means that, after a short while, the inattentive and boring viewers can afford to sneeze and simply look again when they hear the sound of breaking the glass. That way they still do not miss anything special! Regarding the quality of "nightmares" as a movie, they can be very short. This is a cheap, uninspired and mostly imbecil Aussie cash-in on the contemporary popular trend of American slasher films. At the beginning of the sixties, a four-year-old witness witnessed the brutal death of her mother as her throat opens in a nasty traffic accident. Twenty years later, the same girl? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She is heard for a role in a black comedy dealing with death and gaining a role. Shortly after the big premiere, all who even intervened in the production were slaughtered. It is really retarded that this film is trying to keep the mystery about the identity and motivation of the killer, although even the most interesting viewer can understand this after the first murder. I do not think I've ever seen a more obvious member of the "nightmares" and the creators should immediately show their face and save themselves from shame. The murders are explicit and very bloody, and there is an unhealthy huge amount of free nudity to "enjoy". However, production values ​​are poor and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative at some point. Several of the cuts we see in the actual show make it seem quite possible that this is the worst thing ever made on the scene. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of directors and gay critics, who are both beautifully sarcastic and offend the rest of the actors as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a horrific piece of exploitative horror movie, but hey, at least I gave you the golden tip to make it even more dignified.
