The cheap, central continuation of the successful "Mummy's Hand", is assumed that dead evil professor Andoheb (George Zucco) prepared his predecessor Mehmet Bey (Turhan Bei) for a quest for revenge abroad in America using Mom Kharis (Lon Chanei, Jr. in a mask .. any stuntman could do the same thing as a credible job to crash and smash victims) in order to kill survivors of the Banning family whose patrons Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Vallace Ford) found the mummified corpse of Princess Ananke from her goods in Egypt. Andoheb thinks this is a strange act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for such a terrible act of ancient Egyptian custom. Bei and Kharis mummies find a nice hideaway in a cemetery where the great priest in Karnak can work as a guardian in disguised skin. Every full moon, Bei will feed the Kharis form of liquid derived from several Than leaves that will keep it not only alive, but also subordinate to the wishes of its master. Bei orders Kharis to kill Stjepan and his sister Jane (Marie Gordon), while also waiting for Babe to return to become a victim # 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elise Knock), but he does not know that Bei secretly wanted his fiancestone planning to kidnap him with the help of Kharis. John's life is in jeopardy because his father is also the last member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there's no way that Bannings is born yet. The police must find Kharisa and the one responsible for his slaughter .. Bay. This film is a sequel from the HAND series a year later, when the members of this film, Foran, Ford and Zucco all appear in "aging" "make-up by providing wrinkles that show gaps at the time when Andoheb was preparing for the death of Bannings, it seems that the novel of John and Isobel is only on this puzzle, so that Bay will ruin the peril of his perfect plan that was successfully carried out before he ruined it. And Bey just sees that she was having fun with John on the grass ... the whole "garbage at first glance" did not wash me. Plus, the mummy is the way to kill people with one hand ... is the mummy really SECRET? This film also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save the budget on this sequel. There is really not that much story and that, typical of universal monster pictures, even in The American crowd will set fire to ... that they will catch ... the robbery after Kharis. You know how it will end. John and the superior Kharis will push into a huge villa with a fire that burns everywhere around them with a blight that is swallowed by flames.
