First, yes, animals have emotions. If you did not already know that, then I think you're a moron. But let's assume that none of us are an idiot. We all know that animals have emotions, and now we want to see how these emotions manifest themselves in nature, right? What we get is a boring and funny simplified documentary trying to show how animals are "human". Film authors search high and low for footage of animals dealing with human behavior, and when this happens they say: "That monkey is almost a human being!" (it's actually a direct quote). Everything is in human terms. They waste time by theorizing what makes the dog "smiling", but they do not even mention what the "tail" means. The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting. They even go so far as to show chimpanzees dressed in human clothes and a cowboy hat. I expected an insightful documentary about animals under their conditions. I wanted to learn how animals feel on their OVN languages. Instead, researchers continue to rely on pedantic, anthropomorphic observations and assumptions. Add sugar sound and chimpanzee pictures that "celebrate Christmas", and that was enough to turn my stomach away. But this does not end. Half of this documentary is not recorded in the wild, but in laboratories and experimental facilities. All chimpanzee shots are over steel rods, and we see that these monkeys are together in their sterile concrete cages. One particularly sober moment is happening near the beginning (although you must quickly notice it) where a monkey in captivity says the sign language, "Want to go out, hurry up." Unknown references have been made to "stress tests and psychological experiments that I can imagine. Baby monkeys are separated from mothers at birth and they receive wire dolls to prove that baby monkeys crave" mother's figure " "And after 40 years of experiment, self-satisfied researchers tap on their backs to come up with their brilliant conclusion: monkeys have emotions. One chimpanzee named" Vashoe "is in a concrete cage since 1966 for there for the purpose and to this day it remains so. We got a brief glance (again through the grids) its back on the concrete wall with a pretty bad expression, I personally do not have to see any additional experimental data. Vashoe, I apologize for our entire kind.
