One night I switched on the cable channel in parallel a few minutes after the loans started, so I did not know who did it. The longer I watched, I began to think more, "Jesus, this looks like a move by Alberto Piuno." However, it was not entirely certain for two main reasons: the photo was pretty good (and the desert landscape of Utah was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious performance like Simon, the killer cyborg, but with some style and sense of humor. Paulin must have banned many smart line-ups that he fired because Albert Piun did not write anything that would be fun or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Pauline does not have so much time on the screen before he leaves, and the film is worse for him. Lance Henriksen, playing the cyborg evil, speaks through his role, as he did in countless other films like this one. I do not know what the hell Chris Kristofferson is doing in this thing; maybe he wanted to see what a desert in Utah looks like and get paid for it. He goes through the film, watching (and sounding) as if he's just woken up, and he's actually spending most of the last half of the movie on his back in the tent. Kathi Long, a nominal hero, has a great body, she is attractive, has a great body, she fights extremely well, has a great body, and she does not have a lot of acting talent, but it does not matter in a movie like This. This is Albert Piun's movie, full of trademarks that we all know and love: meaningless and idiotic dialogue, excited editing and impression that they lost a reel in the middle of the picture and concluded, "Ah, nobody will ever notice it." As far as this film is bad, it's a shadow above most of Piun's other efforts - this is "Citizen Kane" compared to his brainwashing adrenaline. : Feel the rush ", for example. The fighting is pretty well made, if they repeat (after eight or nine guys break down one after the other, you find yourself saying" Okay, let's go to something else "), and Long is very athletic (and as previous) poster he noticed, he has excellent derriere.) This is not a good movie at any stage of imagination, but it is not nearly as uncompetitive and incompetent as Piun's usual extravaganza. It could also be worse than renting this movie - Not much worse, approved, but still worse.
