Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by warlord Job hinder the human population. Basically, they keep them as cattle because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of her attacks when she was a child, and last year she again came face to face with cyborgs, but this time she rescued cyborg Gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. Job and his men are on the road to capture the largely populated city, while Nea (with revenge on her mind) begs Gabriel to train her in the way of kiborg killing, and she will take him to Gabriel. The cheap cyborg / post-apocalyptic cabinet of writer / director Alberto Pioun (who had previously recorded "cyborg" and the fierce "Nemsis" the same year) is a pretty wrong piece of garbage with some interesting newspapers. A very small structure enters the wicked story, since the storm scenario is weak, banal and excessive. The lead scar is trying to be witty, but it's pretty stinky and appealing to comedy at unintentional moments. Most of the actions that are taking place are pretty meaningless and routine. The material could have used another nail polish, because it was an inspired idea swallowed by lazy inclusions, lack of narration, and almost humorous tone. The conclusion with the open end is very abrupt, especially since the continuation has not yet been made. It feels like it's missing money and said: "It's time to pack up. Let's finish it for another day (or maybe for another decade). There's no hurry." However, there was quite a turning-off, thanks to a very fast pace, some well-executed fighting and slipping of George Mooradian's cinema that captured the visually-striking background beautifully. The performances are fair. Chris Kristofferson's dry and clean person works perfectly just as Gabriel and confident, psychologically capable Kathy Long draws skills and aggression. However, its behavior is too wooden. The enthusiasm of Lance Henriksen gives a striking performance of pure prosciutto, as a negative cyborg leader, Job, who is constantly falling into saliva. Scott Paulin also drums with much joy while one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels pouts as one too. Piun strikes in several exciting martial arts sets, including some colorful energy and free slow playback. The background is striking, but mechanical music. Special effects and make-up FKS stand well. It can be watched, but not success, and its minimal limitations can be the cause.
