I'm usually a fan of Spike Lee. It takes some time to really enter into his "mine", but when you see a clear message and the ability to tell a story that is close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th or Bamboozleda (two of his favorite films), there was no clear story in this film. I managed to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play good or to be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee never managed to get the right feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was handed to him, but it could be said that it was not Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee direct this film, but he also wrote it. One might say. The work on the camera was terrible and writing has only contributed to the decay of the film. This movie has come full circle and it will not be nice. Lee was not 100% behind this movie as he was with Do The Right Thing. Of all the films that I saw in Lee, this was the brightest and humbleest of his films. It's almost like he made a Hollywood movie instead of the one that was his. I do not know if he saw the money from "Do the right thing" and run with him, or what? but this film did not show his real talent. For anyone who watched this movie and maybe stopped watching all that Later was filmed by Spike Lee for this film, I suggest you give him a second chance. Do not misunderstand me, I see exactly where you come from this movie and why you want to put this behind you, but Lee does not grow up. His work becomes more his, and you can see transformation from the desire to earn money just to make good films. It took me a while to watch the 25th hour, but when I did it, it was really great. Perhaps they were actors, maybe a story, but Li took an incredible movie from one man's journey into an unknown. I guess that's what I was hoping Mo 'Better Blues would be. This really dark journey into the life of a man who really did not grow up, but instead, everything I got was Denzel like Denzel. He is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him Sidney Poitier at the cinema, but it was not a movie that showed his talent. The film used Spike's sister who played one of the love interests. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could record a scene of sex with my sister. I do not care who the actor or how much money I get, I would never do that. It's just something I never want to see, but it looks like it's different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the full picture of his sister without any remorse. It was sad, and even it made me blush. Also, I need someone to answer me. What did Flavor Flav introduce to this film? So, I sit on my couch, ready to launch a movie, when suddenly there is a voice from the past that is pronounced by the studio that recorded this film, and then it is recognized itself. That did not contribute to the powerful rest of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was going to make money for this movie instead of real talent. Perhaps he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same film without any explosions. In this film there were two great scenes that made it worthwhile to watch. Do not misunderstand me, this was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every passage. The scene when Bleek accidentally forgot what his wife was was, was enchanting. He was continually moving back and forth, pointing the truth to confusion in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in duplicity because of the remaining bad scenes. The second scene worth watching was the way Lee presented and finished the film. Holding the same pacing and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around the full circle and give him a chance to change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the film was pure garbage, which is not worth watching, unless you are ready to blink. Rate: ** from *****
