There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie seen by normal people. Although I will admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion, however, is not just a knee response - I've seen most of Fellini's films and I've seen many films of the world's most famous directors. With this in mind, I think that the most overrated and boring directors could be Godard and Fellini. Both were delighted with bizarre and often invisible, yet they received a bunch of acknowledgments from reviewers and "intelligence", while the average person would never sit through some of their films. However, even a person who likes international cinema is generally left in the cold when watching some of these films. Since only a small clique actually watches their films and is already predestined to watch directors as a genius, it's not surprising that their films so often boast - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, consider many of Godard's films such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, or what about FELLINI SATIRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films abound with boredom, strangeness and incomprehensibility. Now I'm not saying that the movie can not be weird (after all I love THE KATAKURIS GIRL and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be visible! Now for this movie. In a way, Fellini managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man who is completely boring and unseen. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make this so elusive. Instead of cheap sexual excitement, sexual acts are choreographed in a dull and boring way, while Casanova's figure is buried under so many makeups and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghost. I know that some of them had to be Fellini's intentions, but many viewers will remain totally annoying with this sterile performance - especially because Sutherland's lines are poorly mapped into Italian so he does not look or sound like him! Unfortunately, when the film is not embedded in these boring sexual escapades, there is really nothing else to look at. An interesting reminder of the first sexual conquest shown in this boring movie is that the actress Amazing looks like a younger version of Felini's wife Giulietta Masin. Given that Fellini has played characters such as a prostitute and a terribly abused woman in previous decades, Masina seems to have truly hated his wife and that he did it on the screen. I read a bit about them and their stormy relationship and it seems to confirm it. It's about the only aspect of this swollen film that I was even interested in. Do not tell me I did not warn you!
