The allegation of severe sexual abuse along with some other unpleasant attacks, including improper use of a broom, was made against a half-dozen of the most popular high school students in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "slightly retarded" student. (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and the construction of the case were handed over to the district prosecutor's office, where Alli Sheedi and Eric Stoltz were in charge. The case rumors spread across Glen Ridge, a suburb of the upper middle class. in which fans worshiped everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is the lieutenant of the police.) Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take such a whore to the cellar, raped her, and subjected her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedi and Stoltz will ever be able to come up with a sufficiently convincing case that they can bring trials to trial. Matarazzo is not an ideal prosecutor. She desperately seeks love and friendship, and this makes it easier for fake friends to deceive her into false statements. One slick journalist says, "You can trust me," but it turns out that the reporter can not be trusted at all. Another student, a very popular girl at school, pulls Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be her friend, but all the time asking her the leading questions about the incident - and recording the results! As a consequence, watching this story takes place like you are on a roller coaster. At first it looks like a good case for Sheedi and Stoltz. But then, ups, the community is organized against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter gets involved. Then this obstacle does not overcome, as Linda Tripp throws her big nose in the investigation and publishes tapes that indicate that Matarazzo lied. (Well, in fact, she lied - but she lied to her interrogator to please her.) Then it prevailed, but Matarazzo opposes to take the stance because he does not want to be characterized as "retarded." Eric Stoltz is fine in the part of the prosecutor. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pag Pag roughly at the same time. (I hope he was not the kid with whom I had this quarrel at the Seaside Club bar. If it was, I'm taking my compliment again.) Ally Sheedi is a strange actress and hard to describe. In "Fine Art" she worked a wonderful, restrained job, but I did not feel any special effort in this role, which was anyway overly formal. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz were anyone else who could give a brawl in what is essentially the story of a comic strip. Producers and director had a good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of the victim. The worst thing they could do was to throw an ethereally beautiful, non-tonic blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, without being at all ugly, seems pretty simple and this plain quality complements its processing and makeup. Neither the writers turned into gentle and gentle. She has temperament and is sometimes irritating to listening, which is all for good. Matarazz character is best drawn in the film. Athletes are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think they are above the law, they are falling into the fun of a pretty girl in East Orange, breaking the place during a party far worse than the "La Dolce Vita" climatic orgy, and go without explanation or apologies. They deserve to get it in the neck - and they do it. This I mentioned as a story about comics and it's pretty much. This does not call into question our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubts at all about who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetorical - the film is nearly like this one and a dozen others, but in which the victim lies to get her name and photo in the newspaper and collect all those chips' sympathies from the right people like us. The film is based on a true story, as well as many others that we all saw, and even more fictional characteristics. (Eg, "Accused.") Some are good, some strictly routine. Okay. Fair. Now that we will see a film about the case of Tavana Bravlay, in which the teenager disappeared for a few days, and then her friends beat her, tied her up and dirty her filth, so she can claim that the police kidnapped her and raped her? Now that would be a challenge in this way is simply not.
