Six geotags that will be sent home and released will be drunk and sung into a cult encounter in Asia. Surrounded by hooded characters, two dancers pretend to argue. Behind them, on the altar, a knitted basket opens and the painting appears painted and begins to imitate the snake, which eventually bites one of the dancers on the neck. The snake's imitation is dressed in some expensive tights. (This is definitely a female imitation of a snake.) A member of the cult who pulled them into a secret meeting has repeatedly warned the six men that the ceremonies must not be interrupted and, definitely, photographs must not be recorded or hunted. and killed. Naturally, GIs take a flash photo, send members of the cult into angry hysteria, steal a basket with a "snake" and flee with it into an Asian night. One of the guys, the most abusive and snarky, dies from the bite of the cobra on the neck, although no one can explain how the snake entered his hospital room. In New York, it all seems like old news as the emptied men are placing themselves in their civilian lives, still maintaining their connection. Their jobs range from David Janssen to a research student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a nice blonde girlfriend. Kelly is a bit careless woman. But everyone agrees well and everyone seems happy. Then a dark, fictitious, mysterious woman (Faith Domergue) and Marshall Thompson appear and likes her in her group. Guess what's happening. First Janssen is scared by a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car accident. Then Kelly comes to Domergue. Something terribly afraid of him falling from the window and dying in the autumn on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson start to doubt what the viewer already knows - that Domergue had something with death. They also think that it might turn into a cobra, which is the case. Dobson faces her suspicions and she proves her claim. By this time Long and Thompson were thoroughly exhausted, especially Thompson, who was in love with Domergue and discovered that she too was attracted to him. , although she must explain to her what is "love". Does not matter. The last reckless assault on the cobra against Long's girlfriend, not one of the six original offenders - and Thompson must throw the snake out of the window. On the sidewalk below, the body changes in relation to Domergue. The end. I think I will skip most of the questions that plots ask. I'll only mention one more proactive. Who paid for Domergue's transportation from somewhere in Asia to New York? Who pays bills at the hotel? Who paid her spectacular wardrobe? How does she speak English English well? What the hell is going on? The writers and director clearly saw some of Val Valton's modest films, and although much effort was not made to this production, they unintentionally stole some tricks from Levton. In Levton's "The Cat People", for example, a woman turns into a black leopard, but, with a small exception, the threat is always kept in the shadows, and it's even more crazy for her. Most transformations use shadows, but unlike Levton, the shadows are clumsy and unequivocal. Levton occasionally used what he called "buses". Levton's first "bus" was literal. The potential victim hurries herself through the dark tunnels of the Central Park only with the sounds of the steps. Something or someone is following. Freezing from fear under the street lamp. Something ramparts shrubs above it. She looks up. There is a loud, rampant scream that makes your hair in the end. It's a bus that uses air brakes to stop for it. The producers used at least two "buses" in this film and they represent nothing. A man walked through the intersection, for example, and there is a sudden rumble of a truck that almost hits him. No settings for the shot. It's stuck with a horn for shoes. I do not care much about films that maintain the stereotype of snakes like slim, ugly, poisonous, and phallic. In fact, no snake is slim, most are harmless, and many are extremely beautiful. Moreover, they are more feminine than men in their twisting movements and serpentine approach to goals. Want a reptilian symbol for masculinity? Try six-wheel racing. It's a very fast lizard. When he saw something for a meal, he ran and ate it. In any case, if you want to see some fine, low-budget movies, do not be bothered with this. Find "Cats People" or one of the other smaller Levton masterpieces, of which this is an obvious copy.
