Like Danac, I am proud of a handful of good Danish films that have been produced in recent years. However, it is a terrible disadvantage that this rise in quality has led to the fact that most Danish film critics lose the sense of criticism. In fact, it has become so bad that I no longer believe in any reviews of Danish films, and as a result, I stopped watching them in cinemas. I know it's wrong to keep this unhappy development against any One film, so let me emphasize that "Villa Paranoia" would be a horrible movie under any conditions. The fact that the critics have enriched it just added fuel to my fiancée of disappointment with the Danish film. Moreover, waiting until it appeared on DVD was very little help against the unwavering sense of loss of time and money. Erik Klausen is an excellent director with a sense of social realism in settings in Copenhagen. I especially enjoyed "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor, he is usually ridiculous, although he usually plays the same role in all his films, namely the working class that has been left unhappy, partly because he is crazy, but mostly because of society, and who is being redeemed doing something good for his community. This is the number one issue in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen deals with chickens, which is such a break from the norm that he never succeeds in making it credible. It's much worse, however, that the film must make a turn and reverse and violates all the rules to tell the story so the audience can understand what's going on. For example, the movie opens with a very sad attempt to visualize the experience of a close-knit death of the protagonist using the effects of low budget and poor camera performance. After that, the character tells her best friend that she suddenly felt the need to throw her off the bridge. This is symptomatic for the entire movie; There is little or no motivation for the actions of characters, and Clausen recalls the lowest form of communication regardless of motivation: Speak instead of showing. So at one point you have a character who speaks loudly to the catatonic about the way he feels, because the script would not allow him to express his feelings; and later, the transfer of voice was suddenly introduced, quite possibly as a subsequent idea, in order to convey feelings that would otherwise remain unknown to the audience because of their directing incompetence. Fortunately, at this moment, you took about an hour earlier about any character, let alone the so-called story. The acting, which was often a problem in Clausen's films, may be in a sad statement: Søren Vesterberg Bentsen, whose only other claim that she was a star as a Big Brother contestant, is not worse than a few announced actors in the actors. I give this 2-out-of-10 rating.
