The Kobre Culture is now available on DVD in an intact print that fully meets all that it has as a movie. Unfortunately, that does not say much. It has a competent composition of other factors that are released, as could be expected under the given circumstances. It is effectively directed exclusively to the sound stage and standing sets on the backdrop of the studio. It looks okay, but it is overly scribbled and in the scarce 80 minutes it is still very padded. For example, the double attack of the cobra at the first GI was certainly an attack too. The business of Julia, who decides to marry Pete, and not Tom, never represents anything. Tom immediately falls in love with Lisa and there is never a reason to be jealous of Julia (nor is she). Julia's 'female intuition' is presented as if it would lead to important complications. development, but not. Similarly, Pete's investigation of fake cults and the suspicion that they are briefly dropping on Tom serves no purpose other than filling the screen's time. These are just symptoms of the underlying problem. The film is structured as a mystery, but it is not. As soon as the curse is pronounced, we know exactly where the story goes, so the characters are left to dare to discover what we already know. The finish is particularly chrome. July is only endangered by chance. Lisa has no reason to kill her - she's accidentally in the wrong place at the wrong time. When Tom appears at the moment to save her, it is not even clear whether she was at all compromised. Then he simply has a cobra in the way that any of the previous victims did. It's such an insignificant little pussy story that I wondered how, on the ground, he set up a study head. Then it came to my mind. Someone said: "Those Val Levton movies were very successful in RKO, why do not we do one?" The Kobre cult is obviously modeled on Cat people: mysterious, upset, the woman who changes the form falls in love with the hero, apparently frigid, kills people, raises the suspicions of a friend of the hero and dies in the end. But 'modeled on' does not mean 'good as' - a wide margin. Copies, but does not understand what it's copying. It is obvious that he is working on a low key, a suggestive Levton style, but this approach does not go through the story. Lisa is not Irene. She is meant to be weird and mysterious, but there is no mystery in her. After the first attack in Asia, we see her, so immediately recognize her when she appears in New York. There is never any doubt about her purpose. Nor is there any ambiguity about whether it actually turns into a snake. Well, again, during her night stroll we get, not one, but two attempts at "buses". None of them are separated because the director does not understand what the "bus" is doing and, in any case, they happen to a stalker, not a person who is being persecuted. These poor eyelashes from cats give the Cobra Culture any small difference, but they only draw attention to yawning the gap between the original and the imitation. Plagiarism can be the most sincere form of flattery, but I doubt that Levton or Tourneur was particularly flattering when this young passerby came out.
