For years, I've been using IMDb and I never wanted to get involved in movie reviews so far. This documentary has so many problems that I can hardly know what to say. I am not a Muslim, nor am I an expert in Islamic studies, but I know enough to illuminate the apparently unilateral view that this documentary supports. The problems with this film begin with the fact that this is a documentary film. Most of the documentaries I've watched are about several valid points and then surround these points with controversial interpretations and misinformation. This is certainly the case with Islam: what the West should know. Yes, there are fundamentalists around the world, and some of them are Muslims, but to make a documentary about the whole of Islam about a small percentage of radicalized people is incredibly wrong. This is indeed a documentary on the fundamentalist aspects of Islam and nothing more. For those who want to more objectively investigate some of the issues raised in this documentary, here are some things that can help. There was nothing positive about Islam in the documentary. The documentary focuses on the Middle East, but more Muslims live outside this region. More Muslims live in China, believe it or not, than to Saudi Arabia. About 40% of all Muslims live in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, and Indonesia. The translation of the Qur'an used in the documentary is questionable. I watched the documentary while I watched the second translation and the differences were striking. I was warned about the translation that was used in the documentary and now I know why. Surrah 98: 6 is a good example. The documentary suggests that Surrah says the unbelievers will go to hell. But the translation I read: "Those who reject the Truth among the people in the book and among the polytheists will be in hellfire." The difference is that those who reject the Truth are those people who know about God and the Truth of God and decide to reject it. The film mentions that there is no morality in Islam, but this is not true. Although it is true that many come from the Quran and Hadith, Islam also recognizes a concept called 'Urf or' normative behavior '. Obviously, what is normative can be interpreted in many ways, but 'Urf is meant to be' good 'behavior, what the average person would consider to be right or wrong. as one unique body of knowledge that all Muslims follow. It just is not true. There are many Islamic law schools and they move from progressive and modernist to fundamentalist in the way they interpret it. The tradition of hadith is similar. There are thousands of hadiths and each school accepts some and rejects others. Using Hadis without a serious scholarship to determine which are true, real and applicable, selectively selects and selects historical quotes that match what you want to say ?? What the documentary did. I hope that people will realize that fundamentalism is a problem, not Islam or any other religion. Christianity has fundamentalists who kill doctors of the clinic for abortion and so on. I know this is not the same as a suicide bombing, I just understand that the justice of fundamentalism is a problem. If you think you have an answer, then all others must be wrong. But if you feel that you have an answer, you can work together with the views of other people about politics, religion, God, or anything else.
