Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the intentions of filmmakers to make a film dealing with the superiority of the whites, the inconsistency of his protagonist, Bronson Green, the inspired actor in New York, was easily reversed by L. A. Green, which is constantly rejected by los angel agents that they are outdated (ie Too Much like New York when the 80s are looking for big, blue and stupid ones), he thinks success comes easy when he is ready to succumb to falsification of his image. Unfortunately, a new hair color and a calm "surfer" gives him a chance to play with the Church of Jericho, which signs the white supremacist teaching of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past, especially turning his back to his ten-year-old young black friend, in order to be a new spokesman for the Church. This makes no sense, since it is principally our character at the beginning. It is this sudden and relaxed change in character, along with the rapid return to a hardened, DeNiro-obsessed form (as its character of a taxi driver), able to fight with the villains. A noble attempt by filmmakers, but one that ultimately reveals itself as nothing but serious. And the other characters are pretty boring and what we're forced to recognize is coming too easily - the psychotic paranoia of the leader of the Church, a girl who was interested in herself (the first girl Bronson had in LA) , and a new blond girl whose character does not have so much development, she is mostly walking, talking about voids. We just need to see them in short-term moments where something randomly forces us to draw assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development of any of them. Another problem with this film is the ungodly amount of time in which characters are involved in very few important actions. Many beginnings refer to the introduction of characters, obviously, and later we see Bronson's difficulties with a break in the acting scene L. and frustration stemming from constant rejection. But after he has readily changed his appearance and personality to be accepted, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of lost film in which very little is happening. For movies that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this has not been done with sufficient credibility.
