Before I begin, let me say that my experience with this film could have been under the influence of duplication, for which I realized that the other comments are genuine, which is considered inferior to some. So, it is quite possible that a subtitle or apparently new DVD version will make a difference. I also did not read the appropriate book; I am only familiar with another Japanese manga and maybe there is no cultural context. Potential smaller spoilers forwards. Usually I like the darkly colored stories of science fiction (likes Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys, etc.), but I did not enjoy this movie at all. Although it began to be mildly intriguing, it became tiring until the moment it ended halfway. There are various problems; Let's start with what's probably the hardest: dialogue. It seems that characters can not formulate complete sentences; If they do not shout one other name for the nth way, they are usually grunting monosillable ("Kanedaaa!", "Tetsuoooo!", "Huh?", "Grrr", etc.). This leaves most of the characters completely underdeveloped and two-dimensional. At the very least, it does not help many of them get only a few minutes of time for the screen without any interesting thing that could separate them from stereotypes suggesting visuals. Grunting is magnified by some random pseudo-philosophical technoblock that sounds indefinitely and non-violent even Star Trek standards. There is nothing deep and meaningful here - it all happens by chance, random wrongs from different parts and parts of sci-fi ideas without any coherence. The little that exists from the understandable plot is nothing more than an excuse to start a long lasting sequence consisting of escalating chaos scenes and destruction. It's not that something is wrong with a nice massacre and destruction, of course; but in this case you will find yourself asking "what's the point of all this and how long until it's over". Character development in the last 30 minutes consists of slightly more than Tetsuo that turns into Pizza the Hutt without obvious reason. The ending is similar to that of 2001 - a bizarre series of images that, far from resolving or explaining anything, leave the viewer feeling that he only looked at the kaleidoscope for only two hours. I'm sure some will argue that this is an art; but for me it was only a lot of recognition of the imaginative use of colors and shapes. (Some of the music were also very interesting). Unfortunately, everything is in style and without any substance. Want to watch animated films intelligently dealing with "adult" topics? I'm sorry to say that you'll probably find such things in South Park.
