Well, AVFUL is just the first name. This film is a cliché piece of garbage. Comedy at a military training camp. I'm sorry I had to give this 1 star he did not deserve. THIS CAN CONTINUE SPOILERS: Almost everything is completely forced, unconvincing, and unrealistic. HEPO (military police) will not come for you if you do not show up, especially on the day of the wedding. The actors were quite unpleasant during this scene, because the scene did not work as it was very incredible. You can feel them in their voices. Even if they were not so bad actors, they would not be able to save the scene. Then the guy has to practice in the wedding suit. No, there was no time to get his uniform first. Man, this is great cinema! I'll remember this scene for the rest of my life. In the camp there are GIRLS - exciting - one of them is even a model, although it does not look so great - and the worst actress I've ever seen. I doubt that in Hollivood they would let one sentence in the B film. Good girls in the army! Now this is fun. The girls are even on the same floor, so we can sneak into their room at night! In reality, they would be located in the second building, a quarter of a mile away, separated by two fences with barbed wire. Leisure tanks are available, of which we have plenty of. No, the containers are not locked, and the ignition keys are inserted. No one will notice the sound of the engine, especially at night. There are a bunch of sex scenes and references and everything is below the line of waste. We need them so that the sexually obsessed Germans will love the movie. Switzerland is a small market for any feature film. Good work! One scene of sex takes place in the kitchen. Of course, none of these facilities are ever locked up. Military routines are as messy as they can get. At the end of a stupid movie, mob attacks are due to the revenge of a poor guy who is trying to kill him! Because he left his fiancé! Of course, I buy it, Italians are so - a jealous crowd (no). Bad guys try to do it on an open day with twenty eyewitnesses. Not at night in the dark alley. Again, military polygons (shooting ammunition) are open to the public, anyone can freely ride or enter there. There are no such things as guards or fences. However, the work was prevented by a good captain to launch a rocket into the car of the Italians. An explosion throws a blow and a razor blade from the legs. No one at 40 feet is injured when the car breaks into pieces. It's COMEDY, remember. OK. It's a comedy, I have it, and I can live with it. Realism is not needed. Film makers can easily deal with this if it's hilarious, funny, or fun, interesting, challenging. Unfortunately, it's none of this. It's just embarrassing. Dismissing from American comedies without a brain. The latter, at least, work professionally, without amateur actors. It's pretty boring and predictable, wasting time and energy, especially for those who sit through the whole movie as I unfortunately did it. Iavn.
