Seriously - avoid this film at all costs. I just saw him in my first "ham" ever and even though I paid for the irreversible money, I got out of the cinema after only 15 minutes. What already involves 2 minutes of conversation among my friends whether to leave or not. The first time I got out of the movie. And I've lived through some pretty bad days. It is one of those movies that are synchronized (and bad) although it is displayed in the original language. She relies on the oldest, simplest and cheapest jokes in the book. About the military ("What are we doing when we get to the battle zone?" - "Get out of the car and die", in fact, it's much more fun to read here that the way it is put in the movie), about drugs. (the guy eats some "space cakes", he behaves really stupid and misses his wedding or he must pass through it while he is tall - all badly written and acting), about women in the army ("Why do we get only trumpets? pistols!" - "So is, so will stay ") ... Argh. Okay, maybe you really find this really funny, but in that case, you're seriously scared. Besides, I better behave in the form of soft pornographic movies you get on European TV late at night. So, that was a scary joke (poorly delivered), above low average behavior, lack of rhythm, poorly named and arranged? Simply failed. At least not at any level that is used as a measure for movies. I would even be so brave to say that this film proves that there are people who can be a lot less funny to the Germans. And it says something if you like stereotypes. (Which I do not know, it's nice to play with them, but in case somebody thinks I'm not enough PC.) Instead of looking at this movie, do something useful. Try to learn helmets for shrimp, color your nails on your feet in a really irritating color, split a bicycle, change some bulbs, try to understand Einstein's theories, turn to another religion and back - in fact, go and listen to "Last Christmas" would Vham! on endless repetition. Anything, but do not watch this horrible movie.
