I'm likely to get a lot to hate this movie - I suppose I did not approve him with the appropriate nostalgia of the generation before me. But it's enough to say - St Elmo's Fire was pretty shy-fry, even when it comes to Brat Pack movies. Here's another nice example of a self-reliant, self-inflicted neurosis that's all 80's (RENT, anybody?) The action is virtually nonexistent and philosophies are at best a kitchi, a poorly delivered rest of the time. A complete lack of anything similar to a sympathetic character does not help the situation. There was really no growth, there was no movement at all. Even the climatic suicide scene was effectively sterilized by refusing to allow death or anything similar to the reality or the life of adults. possible. Stalker is a creep for no apparent reason except that Stalker and Andie MacDovell are wonderful. Jackass does everything in his power to remind you that he is, well, a donkey. The Gorgeous Slut hides a truly mental, deep pain with a wild lifestyle. The poet is located and mopes around for a full 3/4 film until he can detect (!) He is actually full of bears and sun and rain. The virgin finally becomes a whole, happy human being after every virgin desires a hot roll in Jackass bag before she left it to really change (this time really). Cheating Bastard cheats until the time comes for him to catch him. And finally, the Feminist travels the holy water with every soul that pronounces "devotion". What brings me to my last beef - which super-cement relationship keeps those people together as friends? I can not imagine that I am with only one of them - Now imagine the vortex that created all this narcissism centered on one rod. And they were all so terrible to each other - heads in the toilets, near rape, and slept around with the everrrion. The cherry tree was after the two BFF acted like total pavians after they fucked up a feminist, she's like, "umm, actually I do not want to be with any of you anymore. Let's be friends, and we can hang out on a completely clumsy way knowing that I can join one or the other at any given point, but not one of you is satisfied enough for commitment (DO NOT say!) And everyone smiles as if they say, "Naked gee, I never thought about it! What a great idea! "Only that is not. Somehow in a way that watching this movie is not.
