What happened in the making of this film so it ended up like a total mess? Just a year after "The Breakfast Club," a brilliant film with many of the same actors as "The Fire of St. Elma" (who by the way looked and behaved in the latter as if they were still high school students from the former ex-school), but without constriction or discipline in showing their roles. Whether it was directing or writing. Since it was the same person (Joel Schumacher), it must be both. Fantom iz opera "," Telephone stand "," Vreme za ubijanje ", and two Batman films," Batman and Robin "and" Batman forever ", moving from good to excellent directing. There is no genius, no comedy is worth anything , and it's very far from what's really worth living. Example: The character Wendy (a rich girl with a heart to do well and help the happiest girl you play Mare Vinningham) reveals Billy (a disobedient servant who cheating on his wife and his girlfriends, drinking too much and there is no point in order in his life that has properly played ob Love) that she is still a virgin. Billy sees the challenge and possible conquest, but Wendy is "not ready." Wendy, in fact, is not so willing to find it difficult to believe she is in this clique of a friend. Billy, whose wife left her a child and married another, somehow somehow drew some strings of his life. Billy leaves for New York, abandoning and abandoning all parental responsibility for his daughter, he assures Wendy that her innocence will be the perfect "departure from her" . And Wendy, who works as a social worker who helps broken families, this despot does not appear to be in the phase at all. Give me a break. The only thing she can give only once, she gives the loser who leaves his family and friends? Schumacher framed this scene as a wonderful and touching moment. There are many more examples where there is complete disconnection between what is real and the values ​​that are thrown into the sea, and the works seem to look like virtue. I suppose that some might say that it was the '80s, but I remember that in the 1980s men began to be held accountable for the children they gave birth either in marriage or out of wedlock. /> I think this film is so bad because it's so incompatible with what's really worth and right. As for the technique (not the story), it was terrible as well. It's unconnected and feels like a 3-hour movie that's been arranged in 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense. Pick up what's on the mounting floor, put it back and the movie will probably be much better ... but it's still a horrible movie. Perhaps Schumacher became a better and stronger director since 1986 (must have been), or maybe he was above his head when writing scenarios for St Elmo's Fire or maybe this group of actors took over set and went their own way - that's what I really think happened.
