This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen this year. You do not have to watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Grey Matters is centered on Grey and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Graya and Sam are brothers and sisters; they live together in the eyes of everyone else as men and women. No sex, but everything else. Initially, the film begins with its theme: 'The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment when you hit the most absurd reactions.' Gray and Sam decided to look at the park with dogs. Instead of pushing his brother to get thinner on the first woman he sees for him, she does it and gets and gets on the bad questions. When he signals his brother to come across them, they begin with 3 paths. Charlie (Bridget Moinahan) is a girl of their dreams, as well as all the real things, etc. He ends his gray head, and the couple ends a meeting with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Graa and Sam will be in Vegas. Next week Charlie and Gray go shopping for wedding dresses (obviously Charlie has an unusual figure). Grey smoked ice cream when Charlie suggested that Graa was trying to dress some dresses and choose a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie stinging in this dress that "descends on the house," Grey continues to snap the latte (I swear it was like a food bag). What should happen except "voops!" everywhere in the dress. It has never been explained how they left the bridal salon in Bloomingdale with a $ 10,000 colored dress. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Palace Las Vegas. They have a 'high roller room' (Sam is a resident of a surgeon, and Charlie is a trainee of a zoologist? Do they receive all that money?) Gray casts her into a single room down the hall so she and Charlie can have a girl they drank - you were wondering - They kissed. Grai remembers everything; Charlie remembers hopes. They come to the chapel for the wedding and the right when the Reverend arrives to the line "If there is anyone who has any objection to the unity of these two birds of love," Graa gets stuck. Gray apologizes, for some reason, the Reverend has to repeat his last line and turn to the right again to 'hurl'. Grey returns to New York and begins to see each lucky man, literally. And of course he hit again! Gai. The other is a jerk, and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordi. He is happy with gray, but feelings are not coming back. They become great friends. This is good, because when she is cleansed of Sam's kiss. He explodes and throws him out of the apartment. When Sam felt, she went to her office. Gray works in the advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in all conference rooms broadcast by all computer monitors in the agency. He gets Grey in one of the conference rooms for a not so private conversation and ends up in the whole office. I doubt whether the team was a gay man or a lesbian: Gordi is being saved and she is sure she is going to the lesbian bar. "Excuse me, there are no men," says the bouncer. So Graya and Gordi return with Gordy in retreat. Bad withdrawal. He was wearing a black satin blouse without sleeves, a series of pearls and a grandma's eccentric drop. No lesbian would ever confuse this 'man in the dress' as a dragon, and less than a woman. Bar was also a fantasy of a real man about what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret model. Everything turns out peach? she goes home with her client's company. Gray is accidentally on the woman's account and finally makes more than a kiss. For some reason, Charlie does not speak anything and she is unconscious of the whole film about this kiss with Graya, but that's for continuation.
