Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Graa (Heather Graham) are devoted brothers and sisters who share the flat and love for many things - dance dancing, movie musicals from the 1940s and, to their great surprise, an attractive woman by name Charlie (Bridget Moinahan) . Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused with his new feelings. Gray issues are proving to be one of the most unusual films I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, gentle, it behaves badly and is badly written. Nothing about this was real, and everything was very sour. Also, this is not a romantic comedy with a special craft, but more about a film that comes out. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with romantic things, and the other half was serious with real acceptance and exit from the party. Unfortunately, it failed poorly. The first half was largely immature, and only Heather Graham managed to keep it a bit. Then, the film got an unpleasant tone and became serious. Serious scenes were poorly processed and all emotions just felt fake. I guess I would enjoy the movie a little more if the links between the characters felt more authentic. The relationship of the brother and sister was very weak and it seemed that they were not so close. Their relationship simply did not feel natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridget felt very unnatural. If two people get married after they know each other in less than a week, then you expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talk about a wedding in Vegas in the same way they ask the waiter what the specialties are. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get involved in a movie with such unmotivated characters. The performance was mostly poor, which was a bit surprising given the decent role. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. She was ridiculous and had a few charming scenes, but it's a shame that all her stars were complete. Bridget Moinahan was very weak and her performance was fake at every level. She also seemed to read her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was pretty wooden and did not show any emotion. Chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and it damaged the film because their relationship felt fake. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here she was just boring. Sissi Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both. Finally, Alan Cumming had an unpleasant character and his performance was not very good. All in all, Grey Matters is a lame movie and is not worth watching. Rating 3/10
