I had to go to this film for fifteen minutes from the end ... going through the phase of vomiting and in pure boredom. What really terrifies me, I mean, I'm really upsetting, is that there are people who are calling for this damn foolishness as 'wonderful' or 'must see'. I would deeply regret the ones who were so affected that there was no striking impression that most positive comments on this shallow and humorous travesty were written by the industry. The truth is, this is a lame movie that does not do anything to entertain or enlighten. It's definitely awkward, poorly scripted and has all the speed and energy of cold, canned pudding from rice. To be kind to Ms. Kramer, the best you can say is that it was a missed opportunity, because you read the synopsis before I watched it, I expected something more challenging. Possible misinterpretations of the mutual dependence of a close-knit brother and sister, the unexpected awakening of 'sisterly' sexuality and comical potential in such a rivalry (for the same girl's feelings) were obvious subjects for refreshing comedic research, but at every turn, the film is frustratingly moving away. Instead, the audience is subject to a curly series of uninhabited and insufficiently drawn situations, with clichéed features and boring performances from actors struggling for belief and obviously need a much stricter direction. Lack of overhead control looks stunning; On the one hand, Moinahan, Cavanagh and Spacek give very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - sometimes move toward an unpleasant overcompensation. The director could be blamed for this - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that, if her actors turn into actors, she will cause more laughter from the audience. But again, actors are veterans; someone would expect them to be better. Sue Kramer really needs to carefully consider what kind of films she wants to make and for whom. Bearing in mind the possible problems alleviated by gray cases, and considering its inability or unwillingness to fully investigate them in the context of comedy, perhaps it should consider writing the drama. I know it's never easy to film movies about women and women, especially when they hope to reach a wider audience than women themselves, but regardless of the way in which they deal with, inconsistent and weak characters like Gray will not cut the mustard.
