When you watch a movie as silly as "Hot Rod," a man has to sit, relax, and change his intellectual capacity to a similar state? which, in this case, is a sufficiently blurred state to withstand a ridiculous confusion that has somehow been replaced by comedy. With a short time of 88 minutes, this film has long been exhausted and buried under a bundle of repeated jokes ?? jokes that appeared in the minority and were not even funny at all. The basic material of the Hot Rod is superficial and unimportant as the cult hit of 'Napoleon Dynamites', although it is very fictitious and comes without any laughter. In fact, the apparent desperation of the film, which is comparable to 'Napoleon's dynamite', is contemptuous and offensive, and left me to type, instead of just nerves me. The film, if someone was forced enough to report it is such, puts an insignificant story put on by the self-proclaimed stuntman, Rade Kimble, with a tiny intention to jump fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Knievel jumped, so they told us Rod) and raising $ 50,000 for his operative revival of the heart with his stepfather; all so that he can fight with his stepfather, once recovered, and gain his respect ?? because in order to gain respect, you must first fight them. Huh? Whatever. Every character is not more interesting than Rod's mustache, and from the introductory joke of the film to his ridiculous conclusion, every scene was played as meaningless, and terribly inferior, SNL skit ?? which, with the addition of an additional 85 minutes, is, in essence, what the Hot Rod is trying to do. Star of the movie, Andy Samberg, contributed to the effort on the screen that noticed every last moment a drop of his comedy abilities. Unfortunately ?? Rather, Really? his humorous talents are no longer wonderful than the five-year excuses of his exhausted joke that somewhere involves innocent rough cucumbers and pee-pee gags. And if it's disappointing, drag the chair, hide your face in your hands and prepare for a real blow: he's the humor of the movie! In order to save them from their dying, I will gladly omit the terrible role of Samberg's stars and leave the second third of the team of Lonely Island, director Akiva Schaffer, his non-existent talent as a director? or comedian. Basically, any thing that could be done to further crash a comedy with a crash course here is perfectly presented; And he did so arrogantly, as if the film was so smarter. Make sure there is only one laugh in this crowd, or do you have another movie? Any other movie.
