Many have stated that Orca is ?? The killer kit is a jawboss. This is not true, although the huge commercial success of Javs has undoubtedly made these people. stories of a beast more attractive to filmmakers in the second half of the seventies. Orca ?? The killer kit would be better described as a modern reconstruction of Mobi Dick. It's a story of obsession. On the one hand, Whale's obsessive quest for the revenge of his partner's death; on the other hand, an obsessive search for blackmailers to kill whales before they can ask for more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Vhale appears as a very disappointing film, its fundamentally interesting ideas are somewhat destroyed by Hammi performance and senseless complication. Rampling) diving on the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends with a catastrophe when the Rachel team is attacked by the Great White Shark, but the killer whale arrives in a moment to stop the shark. After that, Nolan is becoming more and more obsessed with capturing killer whales and selling into the aquarium. But his plans have a reversed reaction when he randomly kills a pregnant female of this type while watching an upset man. Rachel tells Nolan that the whale killer is an incredibly intelligent mammal with strong memories and feelings like a man. Even worse, the native Umilak (Vill Sampson) warns him that the kit will always remember his sadness and do everything that can be revengeful. Nolan initially tries to forget the whole incident unfortunately, but the kit causes a ravage in a fishing town, and disgruntled locals are beginning to demand that Nolan go to sea to find him and destroy him. In the end, is Nolan forced to deal with a killer whale? the hunt leads to the deserted ice stock of the Arctic Ocean, where a man and a beast play their last fatal battle against each other. Two things stand out in this movie. One of them is the persecuted result of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talent was lost on various cakes of the tenth grade during the 70's and 80's). The second is an incredible photo of Ted Moore on a wide screen, making the film consistent for the eyes. In every other department, Orca ?? A killer kit is a wool film that does nothing to improve the reputation of its talented actor and team. Harris appears extremely ill during the entire film, his hair is cluttered, black rings around his eyes and skin fading fading. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling strikes in a very sexy position, but fails to persuade her long-standing and poorly-informed explanations of whale methods. The rest of the actors are lost in short and underdeveloped roles, the most striking being Bo Derek who bites her knife. The action is total nonsense from beginning to end, with such meaningless sequences as the whale deliberately ignited a fire in a fishing village that captures and destroys a local refinery! Although it is plausible to assume that whales are intelligent beings with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale may plan revenge against one human opponent and perform it is calculated as absurd. Orca ?? Killer Vhale is really one for complete people. the cycle of beasts from the late 70's. Most will get away from the film, shaking their heads in disbelief and mourning their teeth with desperation.
