This film can not decide if his message is "people are evil and bad, and the animals are sweet and flawless" or "never go into the water again". The fisherman (Nolan) is looking for a killer whale, which is a very bad thing, but when he accidentally hits you in a pregnant cow instead of his buddy, cow - and I use that word in all senses - who is obviously sickly psycho- a bitch and a canonian villain - throws propellers trying to chew on pieces in the most exciting and disgusting way not to mention the ineffective method of killing. (I doubt it was the first.) When her unborn fetus interrupts with her disgusting self-inflicted wounds, her partner goes mental with vengeance and swears to hurt, kill and cripple every man who even talks to Nolan. Apparently, like humans, total psychoses come from other total psychoses. The film overshadows a semi-thought-out anti-human message, "the poor poor whales! and yet, it does not manage to demonize Nolan at all." The truth is that when he set his motives he was selfish and cruel, but at the first the squeal of the first whale grows his heart and, as the movie progresses, it becomes more and more sympathetic to the whaling of whales until it seems to walk on ice and surrender to the whale, just to feel a little better. <br /> < > The final journey of films, in which Nolan follows whales on a bizarre journey to the north, reminds me of Melville's spooky connection from among the people and whales, and for a moment hinted at a really interesting conclusion, where these two husbands could connect, understand even respect for one another in their own sadness, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child and because of the accident. It is clear that Nolan he respects the whale and feels his loss, but he never goes there The character of the whale does not have any sympathy and respect. The final scene loses this focus and becomes Jaws - as the sea monster finally killed everyone and Nolan, and without a doubt through ruin, does not succeed. I got the animals, I despise the whales, and the more I like the orcs, but if the goal of this film is to feel that the whale is a victim and that people are evil and disgusting, completely It's gone. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and he feels towards others, and everything about which the kit thinks is killing and mutilation. The only message you can go to is: "If you see the ocean of a whale, ever, anywhere, run to the other side because if you make a mistake with his FIN, he will hunt you down to the ends of the earth by destroying all the eye yours. "
