I recently watched this movie on the Hallmark channel. In my opinion, the film started to be decent enough, but eventually it turned out to be bad. Story: An American soldier in Afghanistan gets one of the Christmas cards that a woman in the US sent to soldiers for Christmas. He becomes so inspired by the Christmas congratulations that he feels that he has given him a gesture of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to move on. When he is allowed to leave, he goes to the city where his wife lives. A young young woman comes in and finally finds out that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He met his family after he saved his dad (a veteran of Vietnam war) from hitting the car while crossing the street, the family decides to receive it for some time. We find out that he does not have a family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season working with them at their company for cutting. The family loves him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with a family daughter - a woman who sent a Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with the man she is in love with. It's also a remote link. The boy is very different from the soldiers. He prefers wine and travel to France through hard work and large open space. Woman prefers this other. In the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle", because the ladies woman returns to the city and visits her for the season. It seems that everyone in the family wants a daughter to be with a soldier, and her mother basically wants what is best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** A woman more and more likes soldiers because they have much in common. They spend a lot of time together. She gradually becomes attracted to his personality. Then one day she kissed and she kissed him. Now she's so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday, but she loved soldiers so much. Soon the boy (who does not know about a kiss, but he is very protective of the woman and thinks that the soldier tried to get into it) decides to suggest to the woman and she accepts it. However, his plans for marriage are not the plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel to the world, go to exotic places, and if he has children, he wants to take them. This does not sound too exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and does not want to worsen things. So, he decides to leave the city, despite the fact that Dad calls him to stay and be with his daughter. All this comes to light when we find out on a Christmas dinner with the Church that the soldier has not yet gone. A boy and a woman talk to one another, and he, a broken heart, basically decides to let her go and break with her. The film ends with a woman and a soldier. Things I Like: I love soldiers during most of the film. He is basically nice and polite, with a strong sense of doing good for others; there are moments in which the family goes with the Church and participates in charity actions; the family holds hands and prays during the evening meal at the table; Dad and Mom have a long-lasting and obviously healthy marriage; the soldier is trying to do the right thing in the situation after doing something very bad. Things I do not like: In this movie there is a very typical story about the "love triangle"; the soldier turns as he slowly and subtly moves towards his wife and then he finally kisses when he has a boyfriend; most families are practically applauding this behavior - the family goes with the Church and participates in the services, but that's the way they work; there is a bad tongue Conclusion: I became disappointed that the film was running, and it got worse and worse. I completed the quick transfer of the film itself because I had enough. So, the movie began to be decent with a few moments of jewels, but eventually it was destroyed. Therefore, I do not recommend this film to anyone.
