This movie deserves another bad review. Consider one reviewer who glorifies the virtues of the film that includes 'no sex, violence, or blood.' Sorry. The film itself viewed us as Cody's young friend, with love for life, and has everything for which she is being blasted, leaving Codia to hold her lifeless, bloody body. And, considering the nature of the war, we know that Cody has almost daily seen horror. So much for those who watch this movie with such pink glasses that violence that defines Cody's personality is deleted from the viewer's memory. Sans none of his own Codi, like John Ramba, wanders the land on his bicycle making a long trip to his hometown of USA under the guise of a place called Nevada Citi. There is no mention, there is no knowledge of the fact that Cody was damaged. We know this because CO has practically declared it to order Codie to rest a bit from death and destruction of the war. This explains, as no one seems to notice or worry, Cody's obviously "flat" effect. It's not a bad act. This is a flat effect of post traumatic stress disorder. Not guessing here, you remember that the CO ordered him to leave the battlefield. How about this "random" kiss, as stated in the second review. The fall was accidental, the kiss was not. How was Cody "honoring" the faith by striking it knowing it was good for her? It was a moment of priceless value. The moment that is then announced to the direct universe as if it was posted on iouTube. Of course, the cessation of loyalty, as well as Codi's "coming" towards a woman who plans to marry another, is obtained in the spirit of the Christmas season, and they all love their deceived heart and lips. We know little about the faithful fellow except that she confesses her love for him, it does not take longer than nano seconds to accept her proposal (she could wait if one thinks), that he is generous, that he is loves to death, the family has nothing really against him, he believes that marriage is based on compromises and the two never talked about post-marriage plans. There are no evil perpetrators here. Asner is a good actor who got a dialogue with hills like 'we love you son ...' 'You are part of our family' literally the day after they met a stranger. under the name Codi. And the speech of a band of brothers in which this phrase was not intended primarily to apply to virtual foreigners from the battlefield. Conclusion: This film is cotton sweets. . The worst of it is when Codi's disregard for Faith is welcomed by physical hitting her knowing that it is good. To redefine the family as we know it: to accept a virtual foreigner as a full member of the family he loves, because we all "liked" him. How many of you did it or you know someone who did it. NOT.
