Orca begins as Irish marine captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his team are trying to capture the Big White Shark to sell it for big money, unfortunately, when the unfortunate marine biologist Ken (Robert Carradine) found himself under attack, Ikula was killed by a killer whale, which Raises Nolan's interest in killer whales and decides he wants to catch one of them. However, as he tries to do this, he catches a pregnant woman and hurts to the point where she breaks her unborn fetus on the deck, which makes her partner's mess and frustration, Nolan orders the Vhale to throw back into the sea what is happening. The male asshole is at least angry and kills one of the Nolan's team before they reach the land of Nevfoundland in Canada, when a killer killer carried out a series of attacks on the city and its people to lure Nolan back to the sea for battle to death ... <br /> Directed by: Michael Anderson I thought this assaulting assault was awful, I'm sorry, but I thought it was simply meaningless and completely boring for a modest 90 minutes. The scenario of producers Luciana Vincenzoni and Sergia Donati is so stupid that I'm lost for words, the fact that it seems to be very seriously not helpful and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling how to proceed on how intelligent Killer Vhale I will scream once again. I'm sorry, but I just do not believe the killer kit is intelligent enough to know who a ship belongs to and to sink it, I do not believe a whale killer can cause a major explosion, including knocking a lantern from the wall on the opposite side of the impact because there are no ways on earth to know that he is there, I do not believe a whale killer can identify someone else's house, he knows that somebody is inside and then deliberately destroyed, I do not believe the killer kit can move ice banks to catch the boat, I do not believe the killer whales can physically recognize people and I do not believe it has any ve instincts of vengeance or at least none that is so strong as this stupid movie. Maybe I'm a little rough, I think it's just a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious and things have become so funny that I half expected that Killer Vhale would write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand (or would should be fine?) deliver, the thing seemed intelligent enough to do anything else. They should have asked him to make a cure for the cold! Seriously, this is a statement that is not far from anything else in this movie. The film was very boring, totally boring and he had horrible characters without presence on the screen. It is understood that this is a Javs (1975) rip-off that even does not approach Spielberg's classic. Anderson's director is not Spielberg, that's for sure, this garbage bag has absolutely no uncertainty, fear, tension or atmosphere. All scenes of attack are just as boring as water for food and completely forgotten, they do not have any upgrades to them and practically do not pay off, because Orca can not eat any person. Then there are scenes that literally laughed me, Vhile's videos that appear like crying are pure comedy and scenes of the opening of two Killer Vhales which I doubt they have tried to show them as a 'beloved' and 'caring couple' but I could not help me, but I think this is the closest thing we'll ever get to Killer Vhale pornography, hilarious things. The killer whale hits are mild and boring, instead of shots that match and amplify the scene around him, it just looks like a boring documentary about wildlife that has little to do with anything else. Do you have the impression that this movie does not like me? Okay. Forget about any blood or decent death, there is a short scene when Bo Derek bit his legs, but blinks and you miss him. This probably had a big budget and it's still shit, there's nothing unusual in Orca, it's well made, I suppose, but flat, mild and completely forgetful. The camera is still beautiful. The acting is bad, Rampling is terrible and the Irish accent of the late Harris is shameful. Orca is a poor jaw that completely ignores or confuses everything Spielberg's film is so good about, it's one for lovers of bad films everywhere. Definitely not recommended, although not as bad as Javs: The Revenge (1987).
