The forbidden siren is based on the game Siren 2 Plaistation 2 (as much as 2s). Like most video games that have turned into movies, I would say that most are not translated into another medium very well. And this also applies to this, painfully. There is a fairly long prologue that explains and sets the assumption for the story, and the mysterious island on which the writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children, daughter Iuki (Iui Ichikava) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiiama) come to usele. The villagers do not look too friendly, and soon they get good advice on sirens on the island, stay in the house when the siren begins to cry. Naturally and slowly, things are starting to go. a hammer, and our brothers and sisters go on a mission that fights around the bush to find out exactly what is happening on this hostile island with its strange inhabitants. But, truth, you will not be bothered with what is happening, as folklore and fairy tales are thrown away in order to turn the plot even further. What really pushed him into the empire of a bad comedy is her unconsciously poorly placed moments that only attracted the poor sneer in her stupidity, until it was explained much later. It's one thing that tries to appear and present something smart, but another thing that makes it convincing and covered with holes. Despite having entered in less than 90 minutes - I think the phenomenon of horror films to have it as Benchmark during execution - gives nearly two hours of feeling with his slow construction to apologize for what he wants. Things are starting to develop in the last 20 minutes, but it's a classic case of too little delay. What saves a movie is the way in which the clock changes and its discovery eventually changes. Again this is the usual device used to try and raise a seemingly simple movie of horror into something a little more hoping to impress the audience. It turned out to be satisfying, but it leaves a bad taste because you will feel a bit cheated. There are two ways you will feel - or he raises a movie to an unforgettable level, or gives you that feeling. Unfortunately, The Forbidden Siren was more about this one. to avoid this.
