The best Laurel and Hardy panties are full of incidents, accidents and destruction, mostly caused by Stan, but with Ollie receiving the mass (!) From punishment - see the great 'The Music Bok' (1933) or '. Pulled in the Hole '(1932) as some classic examples. Here, however, for some reason (is it because it is based on the sketch of Sten's father?), the guys play it. in 'comedy' that is being built around jokes and supposedly funny situations. This is not removing. This is just another third-rate comedy of the 1930s, strengthened only by the features of Sten and Ollie, who never showed any of their trademarks (Ollie's fingers moving, Stan's gaze, etc.) or comical abilities. The film begins by leaving the police. Since we never see and we do not know why, it is difficult to believe or accept their fear of being caught, and thus hide in the palace of Colonel Buckshot. The premise for "humor," Ollie turns out to be Colonel and Stan abandoning because both the butler and maiden never engage. In this film they do not play "Stan and Ollie". Their parts could be played by any actor in a hiking studio and that would be just as bad. Stan could sing and do everything that would make funny, but he has no chance to do any of this here. It is limited by giving too much dialogue to "shuffle" the plot, but none of it rises much beyond nonsense. We are treated with endless third-class comedic chestnuts, such as a racing dick who did not speak the name of Lord Plummer correctly, "Call me a taxi, you're a good cab!" jokes, cops lose their clothes and see themselves in long jungles, and the ending of Stan and Ollie as sequencers, as two pieces in the painfully obvious costume of a horse while running on a bicycle for two, and James Finlaison still working His silence for the full body takes and Keistone Kop jumping jacks. Stan and Ollie do much better in the comedy situation in the 'Sons of the Desert' (1933), where we get to see them do what we love about them - be yourself. In fact, their best years seem to be from 1932-34. Since this movie does not play any of their advantages, why bother? I have to give him 3.
