The story of the FBI (1959) was Varner Bros.. 149 minutes of epic praise to the famous crime investigation agency! From Don Vhitehead's book came a little hard-working script by Richard L. Green and John Twist, and directed by Mervin Leroi with only a small number of talents. However, it had the brilliant color of the Joseph Biro cinema and the beneficial result of the music magician Max Stainer! The film depicts the history of the Bureau from its low beginnings in the twenties to modern times, and we see it all through the memory of the old punk agent Chip Hardesty (James Stevart) while associating his research experience - in a flashback - with a class of young boys. But it's all very long and episodic! And as it progresses, it begins to resemble a TV mini-series instead of a major film production, while young Hardest leads the US criminal scale from taking over such notorious criminals such as "Babi Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. extorted organized organizations such as Ku Kluk Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Threat. And here it must be said that only for the presence of the screen and the attractiveness of his star, the FBI STORY could end up with a forgotten catastrophe. Moreover, this is another problem with the picture - Stevart is allowed to broadcast the whole movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the ungrateful role that his long-lasting but dedicated wife - is surrounded by acting games! Throughout the period, you expect someone like Robert Rian, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to welcome you as a mobster or chief of police or anything else. But nothing as imaginative as it never happens! A pity! The film still manages to look good on the work of the Bureau! With the help of Stevart's narration, we learn about thousands of men and women working for an organization that includes hundreds of agents on the ground. And we have also been processed to look inside the seat where the gigantic registration section is located, and we also get insights into chemists and fingerprint experts who carefully go through everyday tasks. Another plus for the film is Mak Steiner's outstanding result! It seemed that the addresses were powerful, exciting and determined march, while for a more gentle moments of the picture there was an attractive love theme. But quite an ingenious is the scary and malicious theme of the march for the Ku Kluk Klan sequence. And even better is the rhythmic Latin-American music that the composer wrote for the South American scene, especially the exciting Fandango, like orchestras for the arrival of federal horses on horses. THE STORY The FBI was one of the five scores written by the composer in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's "John Paul Jones", the charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", Delmer Daves "Seed Western" Hanging Tree "and Daves" A Summer Place "from The Ioung Love Theme - which became the main hit song for Steiner known as" Theme From A Summer Place ". The FBI STORY is just passing through the film thanks to Biroc's rich cinema, Steiner's beautiful music and, of course, Jimmy Stevart who does everything you can to watch! Classic but incredible line from FBI STORY ............. Nick Adams band (who just pulled up an airplane with 43 people on board, including his mother) is taken by handcuffs and turns to arrest and blurred: "In case you get a mail, you can send it to the Canion Citi Prison for the next month - after that you can send it to HELL."
