This is a fascinating film - especially to old film and film lovers (I am both). In the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, the Black Americans usually did not go to White Theater. As a result, theaters that hosted the Black Public wanted to show films that reflect black experience and show black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar in parallel to the standard Hollywood menu, but with much, much lower budget - and usually horrible production values. You really can not blame filmmakers - they simply did not have the money and resources available to an average film company. As a result, they had much less to do - including too much reliance on actors who had been seen over and over, without money for filming the scenes, and the need for movies to work fast! This film has worked hard to be a black version of Gene Autry - instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a man of lighter skin of mixed origin and acted in several similar cowboy films. In every one, he sings a little, he fights a little (although VERY bad) and he loves a little - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. The general action was invisible to the Autry Pictures - along with anachronistic things like phones from the West! The problem is that, despite similarities, the low budget is shining. Stimie (from Li'l Rascals) fluttered several lines, but they just left him in, the battle scenes were completely choreographed and were among the worst ever set on the movie, there were some strange holes in the game, there was no backdrop music (leaving) the film is strangely quiet) and the acting was quite terrible. Now that does NOT mean that the movie is not worth watching - it's just technical problems that prevent a higher score from reaching. One reviewer, oddly, has made this movie 10! How can it be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person who loves film despite many problems. The action is mostly pretty good, the characters are nice, the music numbers are great and you know that the people who made the movie were trying so hard and that's a very important part of American history. But 10!? By the way, in an unusual throw-in, Jefferies is tall, skinny and almost white-skinned with a short, inconspicuous and extremely dark Mantane Moreland .... as his brother !! Also, Spencer Villiams may be known to you. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andi".
