Although there are some passages in this four-part documentary that point to the need for a recreational drug law reform, they are not very well developed, unlike many of the cuts of those who think that the drugs that are currently illegal are the whip that is only possible an imaginable solution is the closure of even those who are guilty of even possessing such drugs. Although this program, in its entirety, leaves the viewer's impression that the war of war is mostly futile exercise and waste of money, and for this deserves some compliments, almost nothing in this documentary talks about the real problems that total war against those who only possess illegal drugs obviously cause and contribute - very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you, if you ask them, think that the war on drugs is designed to be resolved. For example, while spending a lot of minutes on the rise in violence associated with the increasing popularity of crack cocaine in the '80s, this program does not at any time indicate that laws designed to combat crack cocaine prevent drug dealers from enforcing their contracts and business arrangements in the courts , forcing them to resort to violence in order to stay in business. However, instead of taking laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to be taking the burden of guilt. Inexplicable, the ban on alcohol, the violence that followed and the subsequent reversal of the ban, was completely ignored by this program. This program will help to maintain meaningless stereotypes about drug users, and they are the primary force in leading a very expensive and very problematic anti-drug war. The ability to take drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really touched. The use of any drug surplus will likely cause personal problems, but not all users are working their drugs at a high level, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. If you want one of you to see someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and that the criminal justice system is destroyed only because of the use of drugs that it rules, mainly because of very arbitrary political reasons , rather than for reasons based on sound social politics and legitimate science, decided to completely ban, whose users have decided not to fight against it, metaphorically, just forget about it. None of this is here. On the other hand, it's hardly in the category of drug propaganda. This is mainly an interesting, neutrally depicted drug history in the US in the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. However, there is a significant element of the views of different people in relation to drug laws, and most (but not all) of them are not very thoughtful or well-informed and inclined in favor of the mentality of drug warriors, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. The criminal justice system, along with the often severe penalties that destroy life, is obviously not the only answer or most appropriate response to any social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of an unnamed disease whose primary symptoms are the lack of imagination in terms of social policy when it comes to certain drugs, lack of compassion for people, prejudice towards people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, maybe interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and terrible apathy in view in human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or close people unless you have a very good reason for it, and the possession of an arbitrarily selected group of drugs is obviously not such a reason. This is a really primary issue when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. So, all in all, parts of this program that neutralize history without feeding stereotypes of drug users who are at the heart of the mentality of drug war is pretty good, interesting and fun. But when it comes to presenting a rational non-radical point of view on drug policy, and giving viewers examples of not only people with drug problems, but many people who have successfully incorporated drugs into happy and successful lives, is quite disappointing.
