I almost saw it in the right cinema (not less!), But he could not get there throughout the whole week of playing, but yesterday I finally saw him on the cable and ... well .. I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: another bomb! When will this woman learn? When will they study? (Or maybe they already had, because this movie was largely thrown, with a little fanfare and a deadly word from the mouth.) One would hope that it would lead her talented husband, who created an interesting and / or terribly funny job, brought . the same quality Madonna showed in "Desperate Susan"; unfortunately, it is simply not intended to be, because here she is, at her worst: she is uniquely convinced of her own size, the complacency that permeates every frame in which she has, has made her even more unbearable by her hefty British accent, an accent which merely emphasizes the fact that her voice is immature in quality and is not particularly pleasant. This may sound unnecessarily cruel, but HELP a woman, and watch her films, say, for decades: like Bette Davis in the past few days, not only her chariot, but also her face and body are invincible here, despite the warm photo shown through the movie perhaps the only savings), did not do any service. To her praise, the whole affair is so bad to wonder if the greatest actress on the best day could do anything with this disorder. Nobody dies unharmed: Bruce Greenwood appears to be on the screen, although the poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to act as if she was actually something good, which made me think all the time to think, "Denial is not just a river to Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the Italian originale, "Svepta Avai ...", is like his father before him, extremely attractive, and not quite bad (despite being awarded Razzie for the "Worst Actor"), but, like almost everything else regarding this production, everything returns to Madonna, whose shoulders blame her guilt. Why is she? Why not her husband, director Gui Ritchie? Who do you think is behind this remake? Which actress would not want almost every movie shot to focus on her, and that only one cousin does not share the screen? Oh, sure, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely - or someone - anybody! - It should, and may have, taken its mark aside and insist on something that borders with ACTUAL FEELING in its line readings (for her performance it's so wooden that the surprise the rest of the actors did not get debris), or at least show the illusion of heat. but it seems to be resilient to anything but a film black hole. Above anything else, this is a strictly vanity project for your star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. Such a film, a "strange couple" - a class war, should be light and fun, with traces that can be rejected by one another with a witty, even romantic dialogue, for which a film whose plot involves two different people is stranded, really? Frankly, I do not think that any of them knew the exact tone they were trying to; does not even succeed as a comedy (I miss you to laugh even once) or romance (Madonna's ice-princess routine turns off BUT). It's not even bad enough for lovers of bad movies to enjoy. Real shame ...
