For years, Madonna tried to prove not only herself but also the public, that she could act. Unfortunately, it makes too much effort until you release your personality, it does not mix well. She seems to be better off when she is not the star of any movie: if you are looking at performances in DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or LEAGUE OF YOURSELF (1992), she actually looks good. As the story turns to other actors, the expectation weight is by default removed from the shoulders. The problem arises when she is asked to be a star of the movie, regardless of genre. Since it is in the focus of an action to be told in a visual way, whether it's good, central or simply terrible, it must emotion in a way that is similar to actual movie performance in contrast to video performance. This is the key difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meril Streep. The last two, even if the film failed (because visual narrative did not have any effectiveness in dealing with it, or because the script was short, or because the actress was not in itself at its moment), it would be an additional something in their performances that the film would have taken from a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, who has a longer career than Streep, in a state like BUNNI O'HARA (1971) and VICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep and SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least that naturalism existed in the way both of them attacked their roles, for which we forgot the banality of the film and watched the show. Madonna, on the other hand, was not particularly gifted actress. She really let us in her ability to transfer some other person, which is much worse, and even in the hands of someone like Voody Allen in SHADOVS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, she in her time on the screen seems to be stiff and slightly stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she was aware of the camera and the crew and simply could not let go. So, she once again tries to prove she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Gui Ritchie, better known for his action-packed masculine movies, seems to be able to talk the story closer to someone like Michaelangel Antonius or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell the story of two people with incredible ease. And for 89 minutes, events that take place are happening in such an unconvincing way that when the last half an hour comes and when the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not feel honest. From an absolute witch without any redeeming values ​​to sudden fall in love, this must be the most incredible turn of 180 degrees since Laura suddenly revealed her passion for Tommy Lee Jones at THE EIES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Equally inconvenient is the nasty reversal of Adriano Giannini in the middle of the film - he lacks humor and feels honestly psychopathic - and when he surrenders to Madonna's love, it's too quick to believe. Filming this film in slowing music and visual editing of love and beautiful landscapes does not increase or complement this "transformation" of what would have been a story of survival between inconsequential characters and a love story in which they both discover. /> I try to have an unsatisfactory ending of the act against the movie - it only pulls it, stings it, and when Madonna has to be shot from hope to destruction in a close-up closeup, she feels she is too busy. Many actors have done better in transmitting so much that little. Her performance is more appropriate for the acting styles of the late 20's, in the early 30's, when she was replaced as a work or emotion. Was the movie better? Of course. There are countless ways to capture it in a way that would leave the viewer feel that these people might at least hope to see him again - this was done earlier, in OVERBOARD (1987), for example. He could have an existent podton in which two very different nations must rely on one another, but not necessarily change (in order to secure a moral tone). Many dialogues and unnecessary erotic scenes could be spared for the "silent" filmmaking - as in PERSONS (1966). There could even be some trilogers, provided that Giannin's character has a serious trail like Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it was done as a sex farce, Madonna would function better as an outsider controller who came to work. But with its evil humor, without any insight into its character, which has a softer side behind the mask of bitch, and without actually defining Giannini's character, this becomes another imperfection that seeks to look like a pole fight.
