* WARNING * Contains MANY SPOILERS! Allow me to say that I have immense respect for the incredible talent of Gillian Anderson as a diverse and diverse actress - that's why I can not understand her reasons why I agreed to do it when she saw the script (or lack of it ). The premise of the film was, in my opinion, a great idea and there were some genuinely incentive themes in them, but ended up like a failed souffle. This illustrates why I hate 99% of British cinema. It's too long, it's tiring, mostly, and it does not happen much after the first twenty minutes. Just when you think there's a chance to pick up some speed, it's disappointing as Paul Radcliffe running the marathon. With a little imaginative directing and minimalistic entanglement, there is not much that would keep the audience from nodding in popcorn. As far as the script is concerned, I can only assume that the writer tried to save several trees, with an average scene reading something like "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam watching Adam runs into the forest) (Alice) follows) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I suppose that the actors were probably paid more than Kate Moss worked for her Virgin Mobile ads." There were few variations with frequent use of the f-word that would make Bridget Jones, Shazzu's friend proud. is the determination of the main characters before the main rude event that leaves the audience without much sympathy for the characters beyond the automatic reaction "Oh, it's horrible." Alice is not the kind of woman who sucks the courts. She has a great job, a London meeting apartment with roof space which and she will die, but on the screen she appears as educated, outraged and unhappy before her life is turned to the worst. After the attack, several layers are peeled, which explains why she started so, and she grew up with a hard-boiled soldier who thought he learned how to shoot from a pistol, which was the ultimate expression of love, and instead of going to his feet, he escaped to a large city in search of something to make him feel as if life was worth living. Instead, she found a group of stereotyped middle-class Toffees looking down on anyone who is not rich enough to drive Lexus and luxury that come with an integrated security / entertainment system (ie, Mrs. Robinson's station in Cockney's wide-boy One gave me tissue. The only salvary grace of this character is that she is starring Gillian Anderson. In the hands of a smaller actress, she would be unbearably one-dimensional, but Mrs. Anderson is indeed succeeding in inserting several brief moments of humanity into this otherwise lifeless human being especially when he sincerely apologizes for his anger in a futile attempt to stop the attackers from continuing with his attacks. I can not say that Adam went much better. Danni Dier played him well as Jack-Lad , but a good performance could not save him from the lack of scenarios and the complete absence of any background character. This film relied heavily on shock, but the timing was off and it seemed to be too much planned from start to finish. As for the shock, the most shocking thing about this movie is a shameless demonstration of how painfully thin Mrs. Anderson was; It was almost as disturbing as to be seen as brutal scenes of attack. On the side of the note, in only one British film, a group of violent sex attackers would take time to offer each other contraception before they continue to cheer their comrades - the story of an extremely hard upper lip! If it's a movie that the National Lottery donates money to make, then it's not surprising that fewer people choose to spend their pound every week. Saying that I hated this movie I give him too much credit, I did not care about any of the characters that would guarantee this strong emotion. I want to get back a few hours of my life, please!
