I rented this film some night because I never saw my girlfriend even though we heard from our mutual friend that it was "great". Now I am quite conservative in my own but I knew that entering it would be quite liberal considering that it was directed by him. I thought that before the start of the film, Michael Douglas would play a sympathetically popular liberal beloved nation, and that he would be an antipathy opponent. But I thought that there would be a political statement to begin there. OK, the plot was solid: The unique president falls on the lobbyists. OK, this has the potential that I found quite entertaining, because the plot was unique. But then the film turned into a liberal advertisement. The film became more about controlling weapons and environmental issues than about the relationship between President and Sydney (Annette Bening). In this film there were several funny premisses: 1) Sydney character plays six characters of lobbyists who are "closer". Could she be more flying? She was constantly disorganized and seemed awe-inspiring. It's hardly "closer". I am a salesman, and she could not "close" the sale of a glass of water to a man who is dying of thirst. 2) Second, is there any more ridiculous than Richard Dreifuss who plays the right wing fanatics? This is the most liberal man in Hollywood, and she plays some right wing ideologist. Give me a break. I liked how he took his conservative character and made it as delusional as possible. The Line of "I am a proud card that carries a member of ACLU" was a joke. Firstly, no president would ever admit to anything like an active member of the ultra-fringe group. Second, why even bring something similar. You have just alienated more than half of the audience that is moderate or conservative. I thought the plot was excellent and unique. I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice for the president. But the film moved from "film" to a left political statement, which made the film unsuccessful. It's a pity to see a big plot destroyed by Hollywood to force your political views on the audience
