So where are we going to start here? Straightheads are a little dilemma. If this film came out of Italy in, say, in 1975, it was directed by Ruggero Deodatto and played by David Hess, then I would lap it faster than Labrador drink water on a summer day. For while Tarantino and Rodriguez took up somewhere else with their respect for the film Grindhouse, Dan Reed produced a picture of his rape in England, and apparently the same budget for which Rodriguez should reverse the leg of Rose McGovern. machine gun. Because if you want to play grindhouse bingo, let me invite numbers: 1. A rich, flying career woman meets something rough on the wrong side of the track in an incredible way and, equally unbelievably, gets hots for him. Check it out. 2. Diligent footage of high career women in various states of nudity. Check it out. 3. A vast and very incredible plot development that sets the characters that exist only to do what they do and who can not imagine having any kind of existence outside the scene they are in. Check it out. 4. An unnecessary graphic scene of rape committed by a gang of men with no visible depth of personality or background, except that they are raped there. Check it out. 5. Bloody and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to complete everything. Bingo! Plotvise, Straightheads is a pretty basic thing: Dier meets Anderson and she invites him to a party in the crowd held by her boss. On the way home, three local people in Landover were disturbed, who were avenging themselves by providing Dieru with good shoes and raping the Andersson gang. The couple started to get revenge. So far, so are "Straw Dogs", "Late Night Trains", "House on Edge of the Park", "Spit on Iour Grave", etc. Etc. So why did not I think about this movie? Numerous reasons: I suppose, first of all, that I have similar Gillian Anderson in the acting prima facie, said that I expect to be better, but this is a complete lack of sincerity in relation to the majority. Because whenever anyone sat down to watch Hess and his guys who are terrorizing women and killing their men in those 70s, then they always know exactly what they get - low budget hits aimed exclusively to shock and appeal to the lowest common denominator. Bad people terrorize and kill goodness, goodness rotate tables on criminals and kill them back, and everyone goes home satisfied, their desire to see a bit of abhorrent violence and safe in recognition that the world order has been restored. As a writer and director, however, Dan Reed clearly believes that Straightheads has much more to say about the state of the human psyche than it is, and desperately tries to absorb its film with a philosophical depth that simply does not exist. For example, when Anderson and Dier plan to revenge their attackers, they learn that one of the rapists has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is the object of lust for the two men with whom she hangs out. When Anderson finally meets him face to face, admits that he just raped her as a distraction so that his two friends would divert attention from his daughter !!! An inexplicable and shrewd way in which Reed sneaks this little discovery into a plot simply leaves the fork, almost as if he expected this simple reference to pedophilia to be enough to discard the moral compass of the audience in a hurry and force them to leave the cinema thinking that I was just passing through something character. In order to make sure we get it, at this moment, the transfer of rape, allegedly from the point of view of the attacker and his care for his daughter, is shown to us again, but Reed ensures that we get even more recordings. Anderson brutally raped and raped the hood of his car. Do not go into it for free. After telling him the reasons for raping her, Anderson tied him at the table, throwing a business end to a sniper rifle (complete with a bulky silencer, it is clear about phallic images), to his jake, but he lacks the courage to pull the trigger, telling Dier (who has no such moral doubts) that it is "over." Dier argues differently and their moral dilemma is portrayed as something that Vittgenstein and Russell may have talked about in their Cambridge rooms over tea and cakes. It's almost invisible in its madness. Honestly, Miss Anderson goes through the film. It is obvious that she wants to leave the Scale far behind and, bless her, she certainly does; You wonder what Mulder would have done to his former partner who was squatting so he could leak from the side of the road, and then to force a man with a pistol? Dier, on the other hand, does what he has done practically on every film he has made so far-that is, he plays with a cocktail-style type with a humorous smile, rude lines and face that most people will never get. tired of hitting. This is particularly true in the final scene where, after cold-blooded killers, Dier looks into the camera, what I'm sure is supposed to be, the look of an existential torture that invites us to sympathize with the hand of fate had to oppose the moral problems he had to overcome, but he was much more like Oliver Hardy, who looked at the camera angrily after Stan put him in another fine mess. Who accidentally collects this movie quite nicely.
