Unless I was sadly mistaken, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and was a music video, I'm pretty sure that it was eventually called Dream Varriors, and I rented it on a DVD that it will be there because it is It's one of the happiest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things from the 80s are so funny now, but nothing is funnier than rap videos from the '80s. There was this rap group who sang this song Dream Varriors on the VHS version of this film after receiving the credits, and they all worn like a denim jacket with no shirt underneath and form decorative panties that are all slopped on the bottom like Daisi Dukes. What could make the rap group look duller can not imagine. (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed in looking for that video on the DVD version, so everything I had was this central in the Freddy Krueger series. The film starts with the same idea as part 2, and the main character testifies to all kinds of terrible murders, then leaves the trance and finds with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house where Nancy Thompson used to live, and then ran to the bathroom, the sushi handles turn to Freddie's hands and attack her, and then wakes up in her bathroom. own wrists. From there, the film turns into a regular mental hospital. Larry Fishburne, tired of always playing bad guys in her roles, was happy to take on the role in this movie as a nice guy tidy, tough, but pleasing when patients want to bend the rules a bit. Not surprisingly, he turns to what is jumping and limits the best performance in the movie. Arquette later became a successful actor, but he did not improve his acting skills when acting in this film. The characters in the film are mostly all patients in the psychiatric hospital in which Kristen was placed after cutting her wrists. They are all cynical and non-cooperative, almost no one believes that they belong to it at all. In the end, they understand and can convince the staff that everyone has dreams about the same man, and that's not just some sort of group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp returned to her famous role of Nancy Thompson, this time she grew up in the dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences in which Freddie Krueger took part. It is not surprising that he is able to quickly connect with hysterical Kristen and other patients because she has experienced exactly what they are going through. In this war, there are some interesting murders, and the technology used for special effects has made a big leap. There is an enormous Freddy trying to swallow the whole of Kristen, there is a scene in which the TV turns to Freddie and with mechanical hands pick up one of the patients there for a late night party and punishes him for sitting too close to the TV, but there is an unconvincing scenario of movement in with a couple of guys struggling with Freddie Kruger's skeleton, rotting in the trunk of a car in a carburator. And one of the scenes that caused her to sigh was in which Freddy had attacked one of the patients in his dream (the one who is famous for the moonlighting), trading his muscles and tendons from his hands and feet and leading him like a puppet. Ouch. We will stutter in Freddy's past in this meal. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also learn about the circumstances that led Freddie to more than 100 maniacs. In the fight against Freddy, patients associate themselves and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most of which reflect their gaps in real life) to fight it. One student, wheelchair-bound, can walk in his dreams, the other has the hysterical powers of what he calls "Wizard Wizard", the other is "beautiful and bad" (there are many makeups, her hair stands high Mohawk, and has knives. Wisely, but the movie broke down when only one of the patients, the one who could not speak, had no power in his dreams until the height of the film, when he suddenly realized that he could speak in his dreams (the right moment to save the day). The power of his dream was too obvious to be omitted for so long, but k Olective now you see why the film is titled Dream Varriors. All in all, this is not quite a bad entry into the series. The performance is pretty bad, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. "Larri Fishburne greatly overshadows the rest actors, showing great acting skills at the beginning of their career, and the film is not just a repetition of any of the first two? The problem that challenges Friday in the 13th movie much more than in the Elm Street movies. The characters have never been developed enough to allow for the later creation of high tension , which is why most of the deaths are down zi more as a creative way to kill someone in a horror movie than a tragic loss of life of one of the characters we have come to know and obey their triumph over evil. But again, not many horror movies take the time to truly develop your characters to the point where you put your hands in defeat when they are killed, or are on the edge of your seat while running for their lives. But it is important to note that several horror films that actually work are almost always the best?
