I wondered why Peggy Sue did not marry me more than I, when she first came out in 1986, with all the hyper. Somehow I found the figure of Nic Cage. Way out. Then it seems that the plot did not make sense. Then, at the end of the points, the question was: What was the matter in this movie? What did that say? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if nothing else. I really do not think that this film was intended to give a statement; unless it's "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes no matter everything, so watch the donut, not the hole." It was not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, it's not deeply made in this movie. Writing is simply not so good. The direction is uneven, and sometimes it is weirdly overwhelmed. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, just a valuable thing in this movie, and she did something awesome to create the whole character despite bizarre, unexplainable circumstances, with a script that did not have an obvious statement. She finally explained to me the mystery of the main reason why I did not enjoy this movie anymore. In his autobiography he states that Cage was trying to fight his uncle Copola at every step, doing it "in his own way" (which is not a good idea for a new actor), and putting a stupid voice that she called "stupid." he was boring, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was disgusting and horrible as a young man. I understand what he was trying to do: the game of a young guy "hot shot" that is not as hot as he thinks, putting his karma for future failure. he goes over the road, the way he does it is abrasive, inefficient, and if he listens his uncle instead of "fighting a man," we would have another funny movie. "Cage shifts slightly with his disgusting voice styling in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more visible than others." But if I had to watch the movie as a whole, I would like to pay someone to L.A. to pour a bottle of water over his head during some of his more affected scenes. The film does not aim at a statement, it does not matter, it's great to watch , except when Cage is doing the demented Elvis's impression (but without the voice), and in the end, it's confusing and time-wasting. Given all this, Kathleen Turner certainly earned an Oscar in this mess of the film. I can not recommend anyone spending two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and have a remote to select all of her scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything if you skip the other scenes and it will make the same sense. Kathleen Turner got a lot of criticism from criticism about her comments in Cage, which proves she is strong enough to be honest and hell with comments from other people. Go, Turner! I am not really a fan of this actress more than I am from any other first-class actor or actress, but her sincerity is refreshing. Cage's behavior can be good for boring, and it does not work here. At least, in this film, we now know why.
