EVELIN'S NIGHT IS EXPLAINED BY GROBNICA (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). I only saw this delicious piece of Euro-tosh as Alpha DVD's terrible DVD release (it looks like a very bad video transfer), but from what I saw, it was not interesting enough to buy a recent DVD release by No Shame. Bearing in mind the excellent results, there will undoubtedly be a significant improvement over all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the funny envelope shown here, it's not taken from this movie (a girl holds Jim Carrei's head). Spaghetti Western Star Anthony Steffen sports hairstyles and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man who is pursuing a memory of his dead wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that keeps him in a psychiatric clinic. After being released, Cunningham channeles this trauma by taking a redheaded prostitute into his castle in the village, subjecting them to the evil acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, Italian horror titles sound "fictitious?"), Advises him to forget the past and rejoin, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a session in the castle. In the end, after killing a few more girls, he met Gladis, another redhead, and he is dating her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife causes a series of evil events. Bloody creatures attack Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Becoming more disturbed, Cunningham visits Evelin's tomb and discovers that it is empty. Soon, many "outsiders" will start to suspect that something traumatic happens in the trap and that Lord Cunningham's treatment may not have been so successful. Director Emilio Miraglia is trying to combine Gothic horror with the Giallo Conventions with limited success. As usual, there was not even the slightest effort to convince the audience that the film was set up in England. Cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is obviously Italian. It's a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes it's a little too far away. Bad printing has made this even a little more tolerant, because it's so dark, you could not see much of the environment anyway. But, again, this is a type of film where everything can happen in the name of exploitation and the presentation of reality is not a real issue. The big part consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the torture hall, but Anthony Steffen goes through most of this time and shows some terrible excessive acting. I suppose it all depends on your state of mind and it can be fun stupidity if you are in the right mood. I just could not take it, at least not with the print I looked at. Pleasant result even though Bruno Nicolai combines melodies that listen easily with some psychedelic numbers. Camera Obscura --- 4/10
