Mr. Alan Cyntham (Antonio De Teffe) is a madman (he tried to escape from a madman early), but this castle slowly succumbs to ruin, likes to kill various whores resembling his late wife Evelyn, the woman who betrayed him for another Man , with those red locks. This lunatic is quite rich and his bachelor status can be quite tempting. However, he was overwhelmed by his obsession by the memory of his late wife (especially her adultery ... she saw her naked with her lover). While recalling Evelyn almost devoured his entire existence, Alan tries to find the true love and believes he has with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who plays most of the film naked ... it's probably her lonely attribute because she is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry after a very short cource that should immediately raise the flag {key moment of the dialogue in which she knows exactly how valuable it is}. The only right person to whom Alan can trust is his doctor from the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key figures in this movie that are turning around Alan. Alan's cousin, Rod Murdock, seems to be a good friend who often supplies him with the victims. I mean the dates, while I hope that one day I will receive the property of his master. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is the witness of Alan's slaughter and instead of turning him into police, he squeezes him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), attached to a wheelchair, lives on the property of the castle and often sniffs behind the sagging door. Later we discover that she has a love affair with Albert. Anything described above serves the rest of the story that shows what looks like the spirit of Evelyn who is chasing Alan, someone kills members. the acting family that revolves around Alan, and the body of Evelyn is really missing. The ultimate question is who makes the crimes after Alan and Gladis drowned, where is Evelin's body, and will Alan go over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I did not really care much about this movie. It's very uneven and pacing is everywhere. It looks great on a new DVD and "rising from a grave string" is cool, but what really hurts the film in my mind is that the entire acting setting is unacceptable. It's really hard to worry about Alan, because he's a skyscraper who slides on thin ice to maintain a healthy mind. It can be quite unstable. Who committed the crime is not a great surprise, after several key figures have been killed, but there are only a few who could do it. What happens to Alan does not make a throat swallow, because you can argue that it only gets what it deserves. Those who stand behind the entire film plan in relation to Alan, as I have pointed out earlier, are not so shocking, because if you are only a little aware of certain circumstances (... or the advantages they would have), that would be used by the collapse of Alan's common sense, then everything is just less than a star. I thought that the editing was exhausted and not exciting, but the acting of the entire actor is really below the vapor. Some stylists help, and on cemetery sequences there is the smell of Gothic atmosphere to help her.
