Anthony Steffen, an English multimillionaire with several screws (thanks to the first wife's unwillingness and untimely death during childbirth), attracts sexy, red-haired women to her castle, offering cash bundles to stay for the weekend. When he returns to his old pile, he brings them someplace, continues to whip them with a whip, and then kills them. But when she meets Blue Hottie Gladis (Marina Malfatti) and falls on her, He decided to give up his killer roads and get married. Their blissful bliss is short-lived, however, thanks to Alan's suspicious mental state, which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife Evelyn begins to appear in front of his window and the torrent of terrible murders takes place inside the castle base. So, let's say: the grooves of the Euro-horror of the 70's with a multitude of delicious women in various states of separation; ghostly retreats and fogged cemeteries; a sadistic rich psycho with a tendency for deceased beautiful babies with cracks; several malicious murders (including a large portion in which one victim hit a head with a wall and its eating wounds). Normally, such a checklist would guarantee me a good time? So why did I find that 'Evelyn's night came out of her grave' so boring? Well, for starters, the plot is too complicated: there are red herrings, crazy plans, and suspicious ones in abundance, and all of this becomes too much. A funny ending in which we discover that all the time a few people planned to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth, and that our job of killing redheads should in fact be a film hero? - My head was too painful I do not care! Secondly, Emilia Maraglia's direction is quite dull. Stilish, ies; but sometimes slow as a molasses. And there are bits that are too damn stupid, maybe even for giallo: the death of a poisonous snake bite (surely one of the brighter weapons choices ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old crippled cousin played by a rather young woman; engaging a group of identical curly blondes as maids; a poor attempt to convince the audience that the film was set up in England (mentioning 'pounds' and hiring a uniformed police uniform for one of the supplements) is not enough); and then, of course, there is little chance of finding a bag of sulfuric acid next to the pool ... "Eveline's Night Out of Her Grave" is not total waste of time (as it may be, with so many females at the show?), but there is a much better giallo there. Look at this if you are a fan of the genre and have already seen it the best, but do not expect too much.
