This British pot has one thing: the young men are just as good. Older people are stubborn, right-wing Thatcher whose behavior returns all the bitterness of the Reagan / Thatcher years. Young or old, however, morality in this mini-series of three parts is universally suspicious and no one feels particularly good. Nick is a handsome young gay boy from Oxford. This is not the key to the story, but it has extraordinarily beautiful hair that makes watching this nonsense much easier. Nick comes to London with a friend whose father Gerald is a wealthy conservative politician and keeps Sister Mack while the family is having fun in the south of France. They ignore him that when he gets upset, Cat cuts off with a range of knives and other kitchens. Nick is wrong with their self-serving "gratitude" for love and movement, revealing too late how much they despise him and protect him. Inexplicably, Nick lives in this house for four years, but, as the plot depends on this point, it's best not to question her. While Nick is the most favorable look, he is unbearably obeyed. His shy subjection to rich fictions soon climbed the walls. Deeply closed besides Cat (it hits his big secret in sight), he loves a little anonymous sex only so that we know he is actually gay. Although it seems that this is not possible, Nick takes a lover who is even more prisoner than him. Supercilious Tories are despising and insulting two blacks in the film, so imagine a poison that ejects when Nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. Gerald, in the true Torah fashion, has been involved in several personal and financial scandals, so that the discoveries about Nike contribute to his shame. This gives Gerald the last chance to cruelly condemn an ​​unhappy boy. In addition to a brief moment of embarrassment, Nick takes the abuse that is piled in silence and a tacit arrangement. Denial, self-contempt, naivety or ignorance? You decide if you can go through this whole thing without throwing anything on the set.
