This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, to the so-called "sins of consumerism." Keep in mind that Reverend Billy, the actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sin of consumerism'. Perhaps we would like to ask questions, such as: What does "Reverend Billy" do for life? How do you make money? Does he live from his "tax deductible" organization? How does the internal income justify it as a church or organization that can be deducted from taxes? Everyone knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it gives one day all year long in which people have the opportunity to be charity, and allow a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. Not all are charity. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But vacation and rest give people the chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its own problems - but with perseverance, the Americans have it and they always do it through great difficulty. And even in times of conflict, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. This happens when the Americans unite and unite, and not separate and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will have to return small businesses together with ethics to take care of people living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought our share of the problem, but Americans will need to return production to America. The Americans and the US government should learn how to stay in the budget, no matter how big or small, and we need to stop our dependence on credit. Our over-reliance on credit will do, and keep us poor from cradle to grave. It's important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And, if we are able to save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for the rainy day. Not to say that, as Americans, we will get the same wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most American wealth. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach to the level of the upper middle class. And, who knows what can come from?!? Be positive, work hard - and, at the very least, you and I will be able to achieve at least some (if not all) our dreams. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but there is always something we need to reach. And, if you or I do not have dreams, we could be dead. In America there are always places for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the pack, but we can always become the leader of the pack. It has always been my experience that churches and religions offer no more than additional distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values, and perspectives. But, as far as the distortions are concerned, in this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this film with 1 out of 10 - but honestly and honestly, this movie deserves zero. This film has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
