What happened? These were the first words that came to my mind after this horrible movie that ended the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare at Elm St. visibly went downhill after the cult classic of the first film, but I doubt that anyone expected this terrible aberration. Nobody expected this cosmic joke of the movie, and nobody was more upset about it than me. This is by far the worst ANOES film. At first it does not seem so bad, with a truly ghastly introduction and a rather elongated shower cabin with Alice. But then we initially hit the bottom right with a bad acting and a messed up sequence of events. I mean, surely, Freddie's films should be silly and creepy, but this one is like a shipwreck in a bad sequence of events and terrible planning. It looks like you're coming with a terrible headache, not like you're scared. So, the direction completely fails. Nothing of uncertainty and well-made horror from the previous sequences has been found here, and even the death scenes are mostly just stupid and stupid (food deaths in particular), except for the cool scene that was made as a comics battle. That's why this movie gets a point. Story ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to get people out and that MPAA became crazy, and nothing more. Act ... do I need to mention how Freddy was turned into a childish clown like a child like a man? How did his re-birth scene make him look like a monster from a seven-year-old book of horror, instead of a predictive and night sea killer that we all know and despises from the first movie? That hand that waved and stupid laughed as it reappeared ... uf. And his one liner, too. Throughout the film, they're bullshit. Badli. The pupil could come up with more interesting things, and then he vomited Freddie during the 90-minute duration of the film. To the devil, the chimpanzee could have thought of a much more fun line than Freddy was told to say here. Who wrote the scenario for this? And this film is irritating. It looks so ridiculous. Like a mosquito that rattles around your head, a mosquito that just does not leave. Freddy is now just an upset. We've already seen him many times. This is nothing different, and a lot of time just want it to take its terrible sailing boats and take off the TV screen. Alice, instead of a thoughtful and calm girl from the last film, looks bored and very shallow, and this is obviously due to the terrible, terrible script with which this film was equipped. Lisa Vilcock can be a great actor, and sometimes here she shines through cracks, but she can not save this film. Other actors are mainly shit, mostly. The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddie's existence in this film is terrible and unpleasant. I hope Englund is ashamed of that. Who wants to see Freddie running around like a mutated gorilla with extended extremities, laughing like a villain? This film ruined everything I felt for the Nightmare series. I can not watch them anymore without this image going through my head; twisted cartoons that Krueger became. It slowly became a humorous, backward pop culture icon, but this is the lowest of the lowest. This is the bottom. No one will ever seriously grasp Freddy Krueger after watching this film. He's just a joke, a clown who has long had to retire. Pathetic. Of all the movies that I could hate, why it had to be Nightmare on Elm St, a series I once loved and loved a lot? A child of dreams represents the death of a legend and breaking any hope I had in the Nightmare on Elm St series. Freddy would continue his spiral down to clown status in the next sequel, Freddie's Dead (which was more fun than this, in fact), and then he would continue to tear down the mood in Freddie VS Jason, and finally I know this was mostly humorous a story about why Freddie is now shit, but this film is all over, horrible, and one of the worst films ever recorded. It is not recommended to anyone, and even ANOES do not want to see this again.
