I'm still trying to determine whether the previous war was worse than this, or vice versa. Since it's been almost fifteen years since I saw this movie, the fact that I remember so little about it is not good. Maybe it's just because I've been watching it only once or twice, but I doubt it. If there was anything worth remembering about this movie, you can be sure that I will remember it. At the time this film was released, the franchise was still in the phase of dying, so there was plenty of media coverage. He was assigned. It is never a good sign when teenie pop journals contain explanations of the basis of the action. One such article had to explain that Freddie remained too weak to infect the dreams of grown-ups, so he decided to go after Alison's unborn son. For now it's good, but this is the job of a writer or director to explain to the audience. It should not be left to an unrelated publication. Using the triviality given in the third part of Freddie's conception, you could expect half the scenes that would raise this joke from the category of "horror for children," but unfortunately that was not the case. It shows the pure idiocy of the American rating system that a piece of B'harni-eskue garbage like this could get the same rating as a truly daunting piece as an original. So far, the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career. Fortunately, or, unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, Lisa Vilcock was there to provide a ratio of competent behavior. Or maybe it looks competent in relation to the rest of the actors. In any case, since her last role was in something called the All New Adventures of Blade's Honesty, I doubt she really had anything else for her. Even the poor old Robert Englund was in better production than in the last fifteen years. they thought the studios would realize that sterilizing their films does not make them sell more. In fact, this film, like its predecessor, was so sterilized that not only did not attract a new audience, but they managed to alienate the core audience that originally supported the franchise. In spite of this, the fifth part must be given credit for not having a bright, luminous feeling that made the fourth part so insulting to watch. I gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Part Five one out of ten. . Trying to appeal to everyone, or to the MPAA's idea of ​​everyone, manages to appeal to anyone. Like the second and fourth parts, it could be completely deleted from continuity and no one would notice the difference.
