This is bullshit .... shit. I can not believe that any company could even make people work on such a movie. Full Moon has some terrible movies, but this must be the worst. First, the parcel does not exist. It is strange. It's like, they understood the idea for a story, and they never really did manage to develop. It seemed that they just spent a lot of time shooting off the recordings, while two "heroes" of vehicles in the desert, and Bradburys talking nonsense about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzi drove, and when Dez and Bradburi drove) where she just went on and on ... it was almost like two music videos at a place where there was supposed to be some dialogue or action. They only drove for about 5 minutes, with music and pictures of the surrounding landscape. Then we come to the acting, which is simply horrible. First, the girl who plays Dazzi is just a beast. She was so intimidating, I wanted to look at her when she was on the screen! Horrible casting. Then, you have a guy who played Deza, who could not have acted if his life depended on it. His "wages" are actually ridiculous, and his cunning fools are even more ridiculous. The guy playing the receptionist at the hotel is as bad as the guy playing Bradbury. There was no acting that deserves any recognition in this film. Effects of makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? "Effects" were so fake, they were funny. A crazy little robot looking at a crawler, grabbing one, cutting off, and when they get back, the guy has a completely fake body wound. Nice. Did they run out of money on a make-up budget or what? I must say that a drugstore who is in a girl's apartment ... is also a beautiful makeup. I think they went for a drugged look, and I think she should have a black guy, but that was more like a cheap Zombie makeup for Halloween. This film from the very beginning is just terrible. The story is stupid and very, very non-original, the direction looks like a 10-year-old man, the acting is the lowest of the low, and so on. Stay away from this movie at any cost. It's only 70 minutes in the first place, and at least 20 minutes of it take either the music and there is no dialogue or character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste time on this garbage.
