"Blood of the Holy, Blood of the Damned" is the third part of the games by Gabriel Knight, a series of adventure games about the brazen writer / paranormal detective Gabriel Knight. Prince James of Albania, Gabriel and his companion, Grace, have asked to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors". When the son of Prince James is abducted, Gabriel spends nightly visitors to Rennes Le Chateau, where he begins to collect the secret relating to the Holy Grail. Despite the marketing, this game does not deal with vampires. Vampires have a symbolic phenomenon in the game, but they never command the central stage, as was the case with voodoo in the "sins of the fathers" or the wolves in the Beasts inside. Gabriel and Grace do not try to discover the true nature of the vampire, nor to explore the knowledge of the vampires. Although vampires kill three people during the game, their victims are randomly selected and have nothing to do with the main complication. The great part of the charm of the first two Gabriel Knight rations was in relations that Gabriel had formed with the villains. Through these relationships, the player could not help but sympathize with the criminal, and so the villain turned into more than man and less than a monster. However, in Blood of the Sacred, Gabriel's only interaction with the criminal is through a single, poor interview, which does nothing to undermine the perpetrator of the player. The roles played by Gabriel and Grace in this mystery are pretty in vain. Gabriel spends his time sniffing into the identity of the hunter hunting group members who reside at his hotel, but what he discovers is nothing more than a red herring. Grace spent his time exploring the mystery of Rennes Le Chateau, but all her research is superfluous because of the presence of a confusing ally who for centuries knows the answer to this mystery. The actions of this confusing behavior of the ally and his polar opposite - the vampire leader - are unbearable. The Alliance leaves hints of the mystery of Rennes le Chateau in the middle of a white day and expects Grace (and not other treasure hunters from a group of tourists) to find them. However, he could discover the mystery of Grace on the first day, instead of endangering a kidnapped child for another 48 hours. And in the end, he simply says Grace the mystery as a whole. Meanwhile, the vampire leader fails to achieve the goals of the centuries-old intrigues, as he decides to refrain from action two days later. child kidnapping. The only reason for his decision to postpone the action is that he wants to enjoy his victory. The game would have been much better that it was centered on the Holy Grail. Abduction and vampire should have been omitted, replaced by a race against the Vatican to reveal the secret of Rennes Le Chateau. Since Gabriel has been portrayed as a Catholic many times, this conflict would have many possibilities for character development. Overall, the game was a disappointing sequel in the series, despite the improved interface and the return of Tim Currie as Gabriel Knight's voice.
