SPOILERS: I'm always surprised how many people gave this game a good critique. It was awful. The script and the voice that he himself played destroyed him. Gabriel and Grace are the most unusual characters in the game. Almost pray for their death. And worst of all, there are less vampires in this game than they were werewolves in the Beast. The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. If you expect some kind of story about Anne Rice's vampire, forget it. The story of this game has very little to do with the vampires. You will not even see it until the end, and even then, you will not fight against them. The story has a radical and rather blatant view of Christianity. I'm delighted to have left the drawing board. I'm not even a Christian, and I think it's offensive. Basically, the story revolves around the search for the Holy Grail and buried treasure. The killing of the royal baby, which was supposed to be in focus, is really pushing aside. There is no sense of urgency that Gabriel finds a baby. In fact, she almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first few time blocks. The graphics are pretty bad. The characters move with a snail's rhythm even in the best systems. They are agile and obsolete. And it's hard to get out of the FMV's Beast in this terrible Blood Holy Engine. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace also takes terrible. I really do not know why it hurried so horribly, but they sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel spends the majority of the game telling his best friend Moselle thinking of Grace as a sister and does not think she is for him. It seems to be really confused they slept together. But he's so unsuitable during the entire game, that at that moment you almost do not care. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And he always made stupid sexual insinuations in the whole women's game. By the end of the game, Grace leaves him with what appears to be a letter from Dear John. I guess he was as good as most of the players were. I was told she was boring and boring. I expected to play the story of a royal baby who was taken away by vampires. I expected to see and fight vampires, maybe even Gabriel or Grace turn into one. But not. Instead, the story was directed at the author's distorted vision of Christianity. What a shame. Here they had elements for a great adventure, and we got it. For me, the only interesting parts of the game were at the very end. We have a few puzzles in the style of action. But they did not have to suffer through the whole game to get to them. I can not really recommend this game. I got it back when it came out, years ago, and so much I hated the game engine that I put it off for years. I recently asked him to see what I missed. And now I'm really sorry that I did it. My favorite characters have been destroyed. I hope there will be a fourth game just to take advantage of the series. And I hope he gets it next time. It would be a terrible shame to end the series with this war.
