Yes, I am "getting" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is mostly overestimated, and more than a little disturbing. Suppressed because the alleged "realism" it introduces (mill crowd, decaying architecture, etc.) is subject to the absurd and open manner in which the characters behave. In pursuit of realism, Pasolini used many non-actors, but their deer-in-head staring and painfully embarrassing delivery lines gives the cell a horrible feeling of inconsistency and inconsistency. And honestly - many of the impassioned, deformed people are sick to watch. Pasolini's "Decameron" upsets (at least me) because of the casual and prevailing homosexual content. Not because I'm tricky or homophobic (neither myself), but because the emphasis Pasolini puts on homoerotic images and situations is in opposition to the neorealism that normally supports, so it is released as unnecessary and compulsory. You can almost hear him say "Ooh - I have to put a sweet, naked boy in this scene!" Sometimes Pasolini seems to be trying to play a homosexual angle to criticize his nose, and in some other cases, because he is enjoying himself in this aspect, regardless of what his audience likes. The lack of jurisdiction of 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" was regarded as the failure of Pasolini as a narrator, and not as neo-realism. It seems that every story is bored and turns them off quite unconvincingly and with little conviction. Even the last line of dialogue in a movie in Pasolini, which some people seem to find incredibly ("Why create an artwork when they dream about him is so much sweeter?") - it seems to me to wonder why Pasolini Would Try to make a movie if he feels so? In my opinion, a much better made movie (and with more homosexual content) is Felini's "Satiricon". She is also full of people of bizarre looks and absurd situations, but she succeeds because of her rhythm, direction and strong narrative while "Decameron" fails with these same elements.
