I do not know where to start, so I'll start with a clip on the back of the cover of this movie. "The living combines the tension of Vincenzo Natalie's cube with Kitamura Versus." I did not see Versus, so I can not comment, but I think Cube was a great movie that I recommend to everyone. However, in this case, someone clearly confused the "tension" with "boredom". Just going to go ahead and spoil the entire plot, because besides being a holy Swiss cheese of complications, it's also a dance cheese, and the movie is not worth spending time, even if you do not know the story in advance, so It does not matter. If I misunderstood the plot, do not hit me - that's probably because I had to fight to open the eyelids. So the US Army in Nevada once lost the UFOs and the Nambi Desert. This obviously makes sense because they are both deserts, so they are practically in the same place. Different continents or not. The monkey broke into the UFO and acquired something strange that was transmitted to a Japanese researcher who had to eat a monkey to survive in the desert. Whatever. The alien is now transmitted to anyone who is "bloodied" enough to kill the current host. The Japanese army wants to use it for military matters, so they decide to translate it from the current host (daughter of the researcher) to another type. But instead of just selecting someone from the army, full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the side of the army, they decide that it is probably a good idea to choose a criminal from a death sentence. Oh, and the reason he chose this criminal from the death penalty is because he was the first person in history who has not died from a non-lethal electric shock that is a standard method of execution because everyone dies from a placebo effect when they become electric. I do not know if they do it so they can laugh in the staff room as everyone dies, even if it's not deadly, or just want to cut down on the electricity bill. Then the movie turns into what Matrix would have been really lame, and the excessive struggle bores us to tears for what it feels like an hour. And wait, they now remember that they already had a guy who was infected with a strange thing, so the whole movie until that moment was actually a total waste of time and human lives. Then everyone dies. The end. The only moment in a movie in which I did not want to go and sleep or instead of eating a sandwich was when a man was tied up against a wall by a pipe through his chest, and he hangs out there and another one man walk. The man hanging on the wall says: "I'm in pain, shoot me". And the living character looks at him, and it's not like he's a bad guy or something, so he really looks sad and does not want the guy on the wall suffering. He shoots him. (Rhetorical break.) In the abdomen. "Gee THANKS FREAKIN" HEAP ".
