Pier Paolo Pasolini, or Pee-pee-pee, as I'd rather call it (because of the love of male genitalia), maybe the most esteemed European Marxist director - and they are fat in the field. How can anyone see the "art" in this messy, cheap sex-romp convention is beyond me. Some of the "stories" here could come directly from a soft pornographic film, and I did not even think of nudity, but to simplified and banal, often pointless stories. Anyone who enjoyed this relatively stupid, but stupid strangeness, should really have a teeth in the "Der Schulmaedchenreport" in German films of the 70's, because that's what the "Decameron" looks like to me. In addition, The film is messy at almost all levels, from beginning to end: 1. Editing. Example: 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds there is a scene that runs and is clearly placed in the wrong place. It should have been set up about a minute later, but I guess Pasolini hired editors who had little time for the "fine details" of making the movie. Pee-pee-pee fans would probably have rejected it by saying that he was deliberately set up there - which I doubt very much. Moreover, even if it is true, it would be even worse, because this story does not get absolutely nothing that is difficult to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of Tarantino's broken movies ...) 2. Acting. Vei sloppi. Triple Pee fans (all 8) proudly state that 3P-O uses "real people instead of actors". Of course, many actors have sub-parallel intelligence, but does that mean that we should treat them with contempt ...?) Other directors were using amateurs and succeeded (such as Alan Parker or De Niro), why are PPP amateurs so horrible in his films? The answer is once again terrible stumbling. Pasolini is sloppy in everything, and this implies an attempt to get as much as possible from their dumb amateurs. He's a lazy director, IMperfectionist, if you want. Anti-Kubrick, I suppose ... The main goal of Pee-pee-pee was to find as many old-fashioned old people as possible (and the young men he liked). In Pasolini's world there is a simple formula: a lack of teeth + a strange face = realism. Everything is good and nice to have them without teeth, but at least try to get at least half-decent performances from these inexperienced neo-actors, otherwise you're an amateur amateur director in Pasolini's case. Whether 3P-0 was not capable of this venture or simply did not care did not change anything. (Who knows ... maybe he did not even notice a terrible acting?) 3. Audio. Synchronization. If the 3P-0 felt that the microphones were too much hassle when filming a movie, then he would have at least invested in a joint effort in post-production, i.e. so that viewers do not have to watch their mouth move while an elusive dialogue floats somewhere else in the film. 4. Lack of concept. We have close to a dozen stories that are not connected in any meaningful way. Some are anti-churches (more on this later), while some are just a sex yarn, i.e. Cheap male (sometimes gay) fantasies designed to tease and nothing else. Stories and characters are not entertaining (if at all) at the intelligent level, but at the lowest level. Ten year old kids can laugh here ... And there's nothing wrong with that, but then do not call it sublime, intellectual art! 5. As a result of point 4, there is also a lack of logic in the order of the story. It means. Pee-pee-pee could edit the order in any other way, and we would have the same movie. It also means that you can freely move from the middle to return to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti in this way: when you start eating you can start with any thread you want, there is no difference. 6. Unthinkable resolution story. Most of the stories end with a cheap scarf, i.e. Some damn stupid lines from the pornographic comic book, while some stories do not even have a conclusion: they just end up. Finito. At best, stories are semi-anecdotes that can be watched, hardly have a deeper meaning - unless you find "deep" meanings in the porn. Of course, there is nothing easier than seeking and finding "meaning" where it is not. Therefore, even any hardcore porn movie can be philosophized / imagined infinitely. It's easy and fun. Try, oh I'm 8 PPP fans! As for church battles ... Some spectators were excited about his attack on Catholicism, and what - no. In principle, it's all good and fine - after all, I'm an atheist - but what people ignore is a simple but essential fact that Pasolini was a Marxist. It's like a pot of black teapot. A Marxist who criticizes the Church for hypocrisy and stupidity? Where's the nerve? In addition, Pasolini was not an atheist, therefore his high-power and self-righteous attitude is not justified. After all, Marxists are believers: they only replaced the adopted god with the idea of ​​utopia, which is just another supernatural fantasy of eager thoughts. That's why I can not get excited about anti-politi cal antiquity antiques. This sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with Pasolini by saying quite pretentiously: "I wonder ... Why produce an artwork when it's nice to dream it?" In fact, he did not refer to this stupid movie as an art, is it ...? In case he is a poor deceived man - then I have to wonder why he did not leave it in his dreams, and I did not do all those bad films ... Want to read my changed subtitles Bergman's films? Send me an email.
