The tragedy is that this piece of garbage was part of my curriculum while I was studying the film. Imagine how I was forced to look at it completely. Believe me that passing through hell is much easier. Our professor told us that this is a movie, but he never thought that we would not agree or assume it was appropriate. I do not think there are gods on earth, we are just humans, so all filmmakers can make mistakes, bad movies. The main problem was that art is certainly subject to endless views, but many people simply do not understand that every individual has his true taste, his opinion, so what I suppose to be the best film ever made, can be yours The worst ever, and how is it right in both directions, but how many people can correctly figure this out? So my professor believes in this movie, and I just do not know. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is that it is measured by its original intention to show us various types of old folk tales or whatever may capture the mentality of this society, imagination and nature. To tell you the damn truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as a scriptwriter and director has made it too unbearable to watch. The film is so ugly. I can not stand this, so how can we analyze it, then discover the potential beauty in it !! It's beyond your mind of disgust, and unusual not because of the film or anything, it's because of an unstable vision (Pasolini). His work is so rude in an undeveloped way. The deadly cinema technique, the effect of nonsense and incredible horror, have made everything unpleasant. Look at the terrible acting, infertile cinema, terribly poor sets, .. MO MY I already have nausea. It can violently end your objectivity because watching this movie is a real pain as a blind doctor takes away the tooth of wisdom. There are terrible nightmares that could be more merciful than this. So, initially, how can you continue to just look at it fairly? Actually, you do not know. How this movie is not treated at all fair. There's a really unforgettable scene in which some guys peeing around the camera (!) I'm trying to connect some things with Pasolini's end as a murderer.
