No film with Madeleine Carroll in his acting edition could be undesirable. In this connection, I must add that this British film approached. The story takes place on the "SS Atlantic" boat and is freely based on the unfinished journey "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is pronounced, the liner strikes in the iceberg, and we hear the heavenly choir singing "Thou art nearer to my God." Travelers who are doomed to ruin, eventually take over the hymn, in a smart sound. But the year of publication of the film (1929) means that the modern viewer must accept otherwise primitive sound and many acting conventions of silent films and stage. These are not problems. The main disadvantage of the film is the tempo, and the rhythm was well developed in silence. However, if the dialog was delivered at real speed, the duration of the movie would be halved. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in the new medium), but the result is now inconvenient. The structure of the film is meaninglessly illogical and incompetent. Paradoxically, I have found certain details of editing quite modernly in technique: fine, sudden cuts from one part of the ship to another, sometimes even to the sound effects. Although we were on 'Atlantic' from the first shot, we had more than 4 minutes in the movie before I discovered that fact. There are long, intrusive musical passages of the dance orchestra. (Funny, lightweight sound.) Personal stories are presented in extremely uncomfortable and unconvincing way. Do not think about the spectacle. Berg is a small thing, and external damage to the ship's hull is insignificant. However, scenes of passengers spilling into lifeboats - clearly positioned on the right line, probably related to the dock - create great excitement. Apart from the magnificent Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence of the film. As the movie and the ship get close, the screen is completely black several times when power generators begin to fall. Their last, eternal eclipse is the end of the film, with sunset / sunrise, clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is cinematic curiosity. In best case. <br /> <br />
