I enjoy a good, slow drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Ekpress, Virgin Stripped Bare the Bachelors, Road home, spring in a small town, Hannah, eating a drink man woman, dolls, in the mood for love, and spring summer autumn winter spring are all fun movies ?? just to mention just some. Unfortunately, within the drama genre, there is a subset of films that try to get out of good films, while not giving themselves anything interesting. That's what I call IAN movies? "Inexplicable artistic stupidity." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this sub-genre, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is the creme de la creme of garbage that attacked the shit under the guise of "art". People walk in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth and wait for phones to be used, hanging billboards, joining papers, going to the bathroom, eating, doing push-ups, having sex, slapping mosquitoes, etc. I am not joking when I say that this is a precise synopsis of the entire film, which is essentially a posterchild for meaningless art-house garbage. There is no plot, no stories, interesting events, emotions, meaningful dialogue, and what is most important? without drama. The most versatile scene has two people who "knock" on the bed with a person who masturbates under the mattress? Ironically, it is completely untrustworthy and free. There is virtually no relationship of characters on the bed. Tsai obviously did not want to communicate with the viewer in relation to those people except the obvious fact that they like to "bang". The person under the bed is one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, draws watermelon, and he strikes himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". A really wrong "entertainer". True Tsai's contribution to Viva L'Amour is perhaps the worst scene in the history of art-house film. First shows the main actress to move from one end of the park to another in 285 consecutive seconds, then to show her a hysterical scream? without any reason? another 356 seconds. The film then ends suddenly. Does not make sense. There is no fun. Only pure, concentrated torture is applied to the viewer. In an attempt to win a dead horse. The fundamental theme of loneliness is so wrong that the only real feeling of this movie is that it's boredom. In fact, Kiioshi Kurosava provides a much better exposure of loneliness in his horror movie Cairo. And guess what? That's really interesting! The film moved in January as slowly as the molasses, but there are better ways to solve the concept of loneliness than the ultimate waste known as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of this. Film lovers can thank Tsai Ming-lianhu for directing this film because he has provided unmistakable evidence that art-house cinema is also badly made as a B-class, made for television horror flicks. Art-house snobs have now officially lost the pedestal of self-regulation. The level of quality of your precious genre now overlaps movies such as the Army of Darkness and ?? dahtati! ?? Shovgirls. How do you like apples?
