For me an unsatisfactory, unbelievable film about robbery. With A-List, especially with three leading and experienced directors like Spike Lee, I expected much more and in the end I felt that what was delivered did little to this film sub-genre. To begin with, I did not like the pace of the film, starting with director Clive Owen to the camera, an unnecessarily repeated conclusion, and then finding a narrative that was puzzled by confusing, not to say, unrealistic interviews by the witness. , and then he found that you jumped into the scenes that you previously felt. Of course, working on the camera is fluid, constantly on the go and abounds in photographs of handheld cameras, but director Li does not manage to provide excitement or uncertainty, essentially dropping by not making any of the key protagonists in the movie. Denzel Washington is burdened with clothes and poor conversations about the movie "Shaft" thirty-five years earlier (even "no one understands, but his wife" is happening, full of his "hot" girl who fucked with some dishonest and unsuitable "dirty conversation") and his mild riff "In The Heat Of The Night" with Villem Defoe (almost partially) raises barely a wave. Clive Wood plays his character with a decisive English accent, even when we are told to believe that the gang is based in Arabic, also hampered by having to play 90% of the face-to-face mask. Jodie Foster delivers one of her patented hard-sleeved, icy girls, sub-Clarice Starling as a well-connected financial hunter on your head, if you want, with a little effect. All in all, it's a real mish-movie from the movie, with a light but obvious twist in the end, actually the title separates it from the start, fans of the spoiler. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly an interview with Washington, unbelievably, with an 8-year-old street kid, although Owen's dialogue with the same child a few minutes earlier is coming closer to trouble. The film returns characters to classic movies such as "Serpico" and "Dog Dai Afternoon" in the film - but there is no honor in self esteem. More like "Hot Rock" instead ... and even it was good for a few laughs.
