I'm a film producer at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I was unfortunately given the opportunity to watch this terrible movie in class. The professor informed us that it would be very fun for us, but the reason we watched him was because it was one of the first soundtracks - a complete disaster. The problem with early sound movies was that Hollywood actors only know how to do silent movies and that they were not good at remembering the lines. So producers and directors would look at the scene to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, acting on the scene does not appear well on the movie. Most actors in the "Atlantic" look and sound like they act in the performance, which results in a lot of cordial laughter in excessive action. Another limitation of the early sound movie was the microphone technology. You can not move the microphones as you can today, you had to keep them static or pick up the sound of the air through which it passes. In one movie, one microphone was usually used. In one particular scene, a man sits at the table. Somebody walks up to him and delivers their line, and then leaves. The other actor comes behind him, delivers their line, and then leaves. This is how many more people are going on. The microphone is obviously right in the person at the table, making it a funny actor. These are just technical problems. If you enter the story and direction, it gets worse. The story is a fictitious display of what happened on Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. The "story" of a man who cheats on his wife and their daughter a teenager has no place in the film. It's hardly solved and leaves you wondering why it's all there. A bad attempt at high drama, actors long last, pauses between pregnancy many times. It's tedious, and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie (as if it's at least 180) to finish the movie with you. I will not talk much about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it really hurt me that there were only two blacks in the whole film, and they were shown as animals. Both were passing by women and children to try to get into one of the rescue boats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course not, so they shot. I was amazed. I give this film 2/10. I would give her 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave him an extra point just because it was one of the first sounds, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good early sound movie, check out the "Blackmail" by Alfred Hitchcock, which also came out in 1929. You will see that the best directors immediately adapted to the new technology.
