This is a stupid movie. Perhaps my assessment would not be so harsh that the film does not promise so much, but I felt like this film was cheating and playing for a fool at every step. I did not have any beef with the act, but I thought the characters were terrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Oven, who tells us what is the criminal mind, and how he planned the perfect robbery of the bank, which we often recall later on. Oh yes, it also tells us that it's in the prison cell, although it turned out to be a stupid metaphor. Every idiot knows that the best robbery of a bank is where the minimum number of things could potentially make a mistake, and you have long gone before the police appear. But, Clive Owen's scheme demands to hang around the bank for hours - for no reason, but to turn around and look scary as far as I know. He also has to control hostages, negotiate with police officers, and, most wonderful of all, he is doing a job in this old house in a bank store and is hiding there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and cans to pee in) and then sparkle again . Yes, that sounds like a perfect crime, Clive! This plan has so many movable parts that the only reason why it was not broken was the one who said it. And there are also many unexplained details: Why were the police so convinced that the thieves were so convinced that the accomplices among the hostages? Who, to hell, is the figure of Jodie Foster, and why is it so important that he has the mayor at his call and does not have to tell Denzel Washington his plan because "he is above his paycheck?" How cops are stupid that they can not understand that a guy talking to hours in a foreign language is not the sound of a criminal gang planning to rob? How the robbers escaped, and why Clive Owen stayed for a week? How did they learn about the past president of the bank and the number and contents of his vault? Why the hell Clive Owen let Jodie Foster or the cops go? Since when do toys AK-47 look really close? How the hell do you wrong the pizza box at all? How has Clive Owen managed to get out of the safe area of ​​the bank during working hours, undetected? Did this impartial criminal feel sufficiently connected with this policeman Denzel to smash him a diamond? None of these issues have ever been answered. There are movies that achieve depth, leaving you to wonder about events that happen outside of the screen, but I never thought about Inside Manu. It seemed like the scenes that explained these things were cut out of the movie, or these questions did not have any answers at all, and that's bad. Particularly uncomfortable is the figure of Jodie Foster, who will not reveal what she is doing, but she never dies reminding us how important she is. I suppose we just need to take her word for it. The only reason I gave this movie to the two stars is that I laughed at Denzel's "taxi" and "pina kolada" jokers, and a children's unheard-of video game. In addition, this film has no features.
