Movie: There are some very interesting comments about IMDb about this movie. It's really terrible. There is not enough money for the film and the way Spike Lee made it, it looks like a combination of an indie movie and action. Characters / Actors: Denzel "exactly" did what he does in every movie, so it's no surprise. Here's a little clever game for readers. Think about 10 Denzel movies quickly. Now, count how many were in the police / detective / bodyguard. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on the plate. His best performance was in "Beiond Borders". In addition, he did almost the same thing as any movie. His tone and manner of conversation was very similar to what he did in the City of Sin. Surely this guy knows the acting, what he does not know is a better way of selecting a role. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie, if you look at her for the first time in her life. She did better. She had better roles. In Hollywood, it happens that even the biggest stars fall to their knees and collect low-class roles as Jodi Foster did in this movie. Plot: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I could imagine such a plot, in fact, the entire movie, while I took a dump after a nice big Chinese dinner. I want to say, come on, **** SPOILER ON THE ROAD >> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and the symbol of racism. The film is about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and Racism in, try to play nice with human emotions, work on someone? NOT ME. The police let the robbers think they're hostages? Riiiiii, please, we are talking about US police forces and security here. Nobody could find out where is Clive, I do not think they found anything different in that room. Who are we joking? Conclusion: Of course, go watch this movie, if nothing, you'll be nice to talk to friends about how the movie was bad. At least people will not think that you are stupid to watch this movie because you would think that you went to watch it because it has a big star acting "mistake".
