I saw most of Riuhei Kitamura's work and I came to the conclusion that he has a sense of action. The scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, gun fighting and samurai fighting with camera operation that effectively captures screen masking. With Versus and Aragamy Kitamura demonstrated that creativity and showed that he was more than capable of working with a low budget. What happened in "Alive"? To be a typo, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in the movie "Alive" there were two hours plus a movie with little or no action and little or no characters and complications. Adapted from the comic Tsutomu Takahashi's "Alive" is the testimony of the life of a Tenshu Iashir (played by Hideo Sasaki) a prisoner on the death penalty that survives his execution. He is then given the opportunity to repeat the execution or to submit to a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter and soon afterwards he is placed in a room with the rapist, and later with a girl infected with a strange parasite, which in return for the humanity of the host assigns supernatural powers. Naturally, at some point when the parasite moves to Iashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen soon. Like "Aragami", "Alive" sets its first half in establishing a basic exhibition. Characters were introduced, their motivations were set and their mutual relations were discovered. The whole thing is even happening in just one set. The first major problem of this comparison is that "Aragami" was only a 70-minute movie, "Alive" has been dragging for more than two hours and thus the first part lasts more than an hour. This length could have been justified by the fact that the characters became a little more interesting, but unfortunately this is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without the feeling of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There was little effort to make "Alive" a little more morally ambiguous, but ultimately everything was reduced to the classic: the evil government people against, the super-drive protagonist, whom you hit, ultimately saves the girl. As I said before, the whole movie is practically taking place on just one set, and after two hours, which is boring, even worse, the set design was not even interesting to start, and does not do much to improve other aspects Now, after that the first part, you might think Kitamura would at least make some entertaining action scenes to make up for a boring start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The two fights are actually rehashes similar to Hollywood movie combinations, along with the effects of weather bullets and psychic powers. They simply are not interesting or fun, Kitamura's creativity from "Versus" is gone, the small set even limits his often very impressive camera and everything comes down to the generic and anticipated struggles, the damage really. Obviously, "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So, that was not at least a total loss of watching this movie. If you only understand the mistakes made, how to fix them and create a better and funny movie.
