I've never seen any of Spike Lee's previous films, because their trailers never attracted me. I saw and admired Denzel Washington and Jodie Foster and I have several of their DVDs. However, I was completely disappointed with this film. If this film has any indication of Spike Lee's abilities as director, my advice would be to "find a job," and stop wasting the time and talent of others. I wonder if some other commentators IMDb watched the same movie I saw. I can only assume, from their sarcas of love reviews, that their admiration for Spike Lie blinded them for the banality of this piece. I only paid $ 2.50, in the "Second Run" theater, I still felt I lost my money. IMDb "Trivia" page says that everything is ......... "Shot in 39 dais" - How can you expect to record a large budget "Blockbuster" , (as promised by the media) in such a short time? It's no wonder that everyone had such poor results. * "Ron Howard was the first director of the movie ..." - Maybe he has done this project some justice, given that he has more time to do of course, of course. Although the writing was terrible, the premise had some credit. OK! maybe not. I'm sorry! This film was so full of poor cliches, incredible scenes and bad characterization, that perhaps even he could not do much. (Hey Ron! Be sure to thank Russell ... Good call!) * "Jodie Foster recorded her part in three weeks." - And it turned out! Her portrayal of "Fiker", which makes the problems of people disappear, was incredible as well as the scenario she received. Did she even want to be there? Other Peeves: * How many bank robbers would try to get to the door and inform a uniformed policeman that they were in robbery in the bank, and better keep it afloat ... otherwise? When Detective Frazier (Denzel Washington) comes to the bank to check that there are no corpses yet, how many bank robbers without a pistol would "bring" a policeman (much less "let go" a policeman back to the door, allowing the policeman to walk behind him? Det Frazier later claimed that he had given the robber "every reason he shot me." Why, then, in his brief struggle, he did not even attempt to disclose a robber's face? Maybe he got the answer he asked for ... the robber would shoot him only to prevent later identification. And why did he need it? e, Stevie, Steve-O "(a robber accomplice), so long to come and help? I understand that these were not your typical bank robbers. They had a different agenda and did not want to be but when the police had no reason to think they would not, it was a desperate situation for them. Why, then, when two bad guys went out to "pick up a pizza?" They did not take them away. (First of all, how many robbers would went out without the use of hostages as shields? Is this the version of Spike Lee NI Citi or SNL?). If they were shot down, they would reduce the number of bad guys, screw up their plans, and the remaining robbers would probably give up more. If not, at least there would be fewer bad guys. (Give SVAT something to do or send it home!) * Which police department in this country would allow Madeline Vhite, (Jodie Foster), to just enter the bank, and discuss the matter with the robbers, that she would not reveal them first? She did not have authority, government accreditation; And besides that, after all, it's "already" a hostage situation ... add another one? * Why the General Manager of the Bank (Christopher Plummer) has not only destroyed the incriminating documents. once upon a time? Screv sentimentaliti! Diamonds, which he could sell. * Whoever was this "humble", (character, not an actor), with an accent on Jersey, that is, conveniently, voluntarily, and said that the recording was "100% Albanian", but he could not talk ... SIR! PUT YOUR HAND DOWN! And his ex-wife! What "schlump" was !!! Both were absolutely incredible. When they questioned the suspect, why did he do it? Frazier, constantly harass individuals who apparently were not part of the robbery? (Ie - telling the older woman that she can go, and then she could not, then she could, then she could not?) Give me a break! * Who, after the bank robbers demanded that hostages put ski suites, could not conclude that the escape plan included leaving the bank pretending to be some of the hostages? At the end of the movie, in the supply room, it was shown that a false wall was built, behind which Clive Ovens was hiding behind the "Sunday" .... where did the materials come from? (drywall and wedges). It should also have been assumed that they had been cut into sewers so that they could be freed. The bank employees did not complain about the smell, all week? Hello! After such a debacle; given that the documents "fell" into the hands of the robbers, what kind of "references" did Mrs. Wyatt expect from the bank's director, since she was now a target blackmailed for her failure? > And the last, but certainly no less important, what about the "Electric Glide" that Denzel did? HOW LONG! Was it supposed to point to his "determination" to bring those people to justice? He looked, better to say, like a man who jumped on a wheelchair while trying to prevent the movement of the bowels! "Cheeee-Zheeee" !!!! Apart from the central complication; lousi script; bad acting; and the overall miserable directing ... iada, iada, iada. I hope this will give enough insight into the film to help others decide whether to spend their money or not! <br /> <br />.
