My wife and I discovered that this film is very unsatisfactory. While the action keeps you interested and busy about what's going on, when you leave the theater, there are too many free ends that make no sense. (SPOILERS AHEAD) Christopher Plummer, the unusually rich bank head in New York has a horrible hidden secret. Profiting from the Second World War with the Nazis and hiding a booty stolen from the Jews, he keeps evidence (including diamonds and documents with a Nazi swastika) in a safe deposit box in his bank. Why? If he wants it never to be discovered, why did he not burn down and destroy the documents many years ago? And diamonds? Obviously, they are not needed - why keep them, not dispose of them? How did bank robbers discover his secret? How did they know they stopped this safe # 232? Ace Detective Denzel Washington also discloses bank records showing SD Bokes No's 231 and 233, but not # 232. Curious. Carefully he found the time to make an exhaustive search for bank records to uncover this unusual fact. As long as they dealt with the situation where the hostages and bank robbers were threatened to start immediately. Wow! Talk about super power for the detective. Bank robbers leave behind millions of dollars in the free currency in the vault that opened. They only take the content of SD Bok # 232, allegedly for the loss of the bank's president. This conflicts with every rational attempt at a logical explanation of what the film portrays as a criminal mind, or its supporters with a smaller brain. Jodie Foster, using his political links with the mayor of New York, gets a license. to enter the bank under the control of bank robbers while holding many hostages. It offers the chief bank robber a job to buy the documents it now has, but is not interested. So what's his point (if there is?). My wife was offended by the arrogance of all players, Christopher Plummer (Bank President), Denzel Washington (Detective) and Jodie Foster, a crack problem. Sagittarius for big problems. The last Jodie Foster movie I saw, "Flight Plan", was also interrupted by holes that made no sense. I thought I liked Jodie Foster, but I'm probably going to avoid her future movies. Now it's my problem that I rarely can persuade my wife to go to the cinema. I can not agree with her about this ... "WASTE AND WASTE WASTE." Be warned. A well-made movie, fine actors, a bad script writer.
