It seems to me that the name "Bachman", written by Stephen King, is the way in which he could put some of the darker, greedy, more evil things he wanted to write, without "contaminating" his "marks." If you look at Running Man, The Long Valk, Roadvork, Thinner, note that they have a sealed sense of impotence and hopelessness that is different from the main king. I understand that we are talking about a type whose first novel was shown to be humiliated, blood-covered, emotionally crippled by a teenager who killed all on a prom night ... but the main king had always had characters and elements of tangles that left little bit of suspicion, and generally have finishes that provide at least insight into hope and human feeling. Bachman's books are ordinary and always end badly. (BTV, "Five Semetars" could easily have been Bachman's book if King had not discovered a pseudonym by then, and "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partly about his "Bachman" person. "Tanya" was the last Bahman book, and a man with his subjects of class warfare, revenge and death from hunger is nasty, so it should not be a surprise that the film follows the suit. What is surprising is that the adaptation appears to have been recorded at the talent level "TV movie of the week", instead of something that is worthy of a theatrical edition. (These days, something similar would probably have gone to di right on DVD or cable.) Working with make-up and a striking motif (starvation in the middle of abundance, metaphor for an overloaded, undernourished American middle class if it ever existed) is all that keeps you from watching this failure. > What went wrong? My first thought was that the director went to the nasty Bachman vibe, but he somehow sucked out all the interest from a bad-choice movie - the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegne) simply can not carry a movie. And then he melted the heat and life from the rest of the film with clumsy pace and scene structure. Plus, he could not leave the shop alone, and his changes did not help. Script and dialogue should work, but mostly the movie lies there. Everything is muted, bored, audacious, and it's not fun to watch ... with a colorful exception to the main character's spectacle ... which is thinner, thinner and thinner. As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst film ever recorded (or even the worst). And it has a terrible, tempting fascination thanks to the theme and careful work with makeup. But for the first time viewers should approach this with lower expectations.
