You will notice that the chemist, who appears in two scenes and speaks, plays Stephen King. "Do not give up your daily business" is the standard thing to say, but that's not fair. King justifiably understood: he is not worse than any other member of the acting team and is better than most. On the other hand, the story is pure nonsense. Please, quit your daily business. I've never seen so many terrible performances - of which the actor (LEAD ACTOR'S!) is probably the worst - gathered in a single movie. Everyone behaves in a hammily, but not in a funny way; they all somehow manage to cross to the top without spending, or manifestation, of energy. The guilty scriptwriter / director Tom Holland. It can not be that ALL actors are really so bad. What are the odds against this? However, I have never heard of them before, but I think I would not be able to go into a talent agency and get out of so many bad performers if I try: an actor, despite my best efforts, would turn to have talent. So, the more likely it is that Tom Holland has passed a dozen consecutive snake eyes, or that he wrote a bad script and then misoriented it? It would also explain why the actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script. The more the actor got, the more he acted. ("You want to bend like a humpback, talk from the back of my throat, show my teeth, and I look bored, all at the same time? Okay ...") theory confirms the fact that the Netherlands undoubtedly managed to co-write a bad script. Several writers commented on the fact that Billy Halleck was not a nice character, but that's the wrong way to say it. He is not a character known. Everything we learn about him before supernatural things start to happen is that he is fat, and that he is the only one he can think of is food. ("All I can think of is food," he tells us with satisfaction.) And finally ... Sigh I guess I should put in a warning for the spoiler ... In the end, it becomes evil. Why? I can only shrug my shoulders. It may be under some sort of spell. Yes, that's probably it. By "evil" I might think of "unexplained" - not as bad as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary psychology. In any case, his actions in the end make no sense, nobody makes sense, and this is despite the fact that the characters explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience a little. By the way, here's my candidate for the most perfect line / delivery: "I do not think you would like that. In fact ..." [a big dramatic break] "... I think you are you would not have liked it at all. "
