No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I quashed the movie version. Films of horror are acquired taste. Regular movies give the audience a hero to applaud while trying to achieve the goal. In horror films, the audience is invited to enjoy the ruin of characters. At Tom Holland's direction, but without taste, refreshing the Thinner refrigerator, no one wins and everyone deserves the bitterness that is placed on them. The silly lawyer from Nev England Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of Robocop 3) has a weight problem. Though he scans a bath at 300 pounds, he seems to be happily married to a delicious woman, Heidi (Lucinda Jennei from "GI Jane") with daughter daughter. stupid here. Halleck shows his delusions in court when he condemns the acquittal of Ruffy Ginelli's mournful chief of the mafia (Joe Mantegn of the House of Games). Driving home from a victorious feast, Billy strikes an old gypsy who crosses the street and kills her. There was a cover-up, and Halleck's friends pulled him out of the soup. The disgruntled father of the Gypsy Taduz Lemke (Mihael Konstantin from "Skidoo") returned with a curse on a corrupt lawyer and two city officials who had freed him from guilt. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself throwing pounds no matter how much he feeds. When the vindictive Gypsy asks for a curse, the old man rejects it. Halleck desperately goes to Richie. While Halleck struggles with the Gypsies to remove hexadecimal, he finds out that his loyal wife turned her attention to a city doctor. also rely on the stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988), and scriptwriter Michael McDowell, served such a modest script that you can not enjoy watching Billy taking his dessert and rattling. "Thinner" has several shocks and less surprises. The filmmakers may have vowed the royal novel, but they filled out any sense of horror and humor that it contained. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, such as Mafios, then they unexplainly let them get rid of. One smaller character appeared long enough to die and choke his head in his mouth. Stereotypic character behaviors can also offend the audience. "Thinner" shows women as excessive foxes and men like pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from the clinic, he finds a sports car of his doctor parked at his home. His doubts mature in jealousy and he is preparing a scheme to transfer the curse to that woman. Even a primitive ending lacks any satirical taste. The Special Effects Wizard, who won Oscar Greg Cann from Van Helsing and visual artist Bob Laden, performs an incredible job that plays Robert John Burke to look obnoxious. And they managed to shake it. Only fans of Stephen King will be able to take this misogynist rifle.
