ha-ha! you just have to smile and smile if you really did get through this movie. It's like saying something about me, I suppose. I made the film itself a psychological test, or some type of drug, to take you to a place you've never been before. When Wittgenstein wrote his famous first philosopher piece tract (sp?), He said it was meaningless and useless, but if you read it, after you finished, it would take you to a new level, like ladders, and then you could throw it away work and see things with clarity and genuine understanding. this film is the same as I think. As a movie, it's no doubt the worst movie I've ever seen in such a long time in such a unique way. First of all, these are sneakers. I loved to watch this guy in various movies. and I suffered through a few weak ones. However, although you know that the movie could be a shit, you would never have suspected it could be as bad as it actually was. which is fun. I mean, these are snippets. you know it might be good, but it'll be fine, is not it? a smile. So this thing at every level is pure boredom, pure irrationality. The reference to a professional is both dead and obvious, but so badly done to be comical. in this film there is not one character that is interesting. and to make the whole thing more unrealistic, they have an audio background that sounds like parts of Born's different films, only that it's not quite right. In fact, even though it seems like a close action movie background music, it just happens that this is done in a way that will fantasticly solve you. Then all the scenes in the total black tone, where honestly since the characters are so flat, you do not really care about what will happen, but no matter when it happens and someone is killed, You only tell yourself, should I have seen it? what else? how about scenes with blinding, repulsive blinking at the speed of light, over a period of time that is too long. Be sure to throw it away. when you strain and your eyes can no longer deal with it, do more than that in dark murders where you really do not see what happened. And above all, let's face it so that you do not care. You've gone from the beginning to the present. So I went in and out several times, but I caught almost all this movie. and this becomes something you can look at, without anything that involves your mind at any level; therefore, it becomes something that you can effectively zoning, and begin to think about your life, where it is, where it is, where we are, what kind of people we are. And that ... that's the real magic of this movie.
