I do not know where to start with one of the worst movies I've ever had to look at for a very long time. From an environment that was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who visited London for 1 day, it would agree ... it was not London. In a very unexplainable way, Snipe's character managed to escape from the country back to the United States without any problems. Then he convinced the girl and grandmother to visit him in America, as the grandmother agreed to that ... he's a killer! Well, that's the end of the movie about the movie, but unfortunately it was not much better. We have British police officers driving an incredible range of cars, I'm sure it was Vaukhall Belmont from the 1980s who haunted the cab after the task, but the modern Subaru Impreza is following the prison van in several previous scenes. SO19 or whoever the pistol was in the hand of the target who tried to portray it happily ran across the streets with their pistols running for Snipe together with the CIA. The children walked around, but the police still said they had a clear chance to shoot him, is that happening in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very incredible journey from central London to the airport (for example, Heathrow due to arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving the call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl who is blind from the Queen but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and a number of officers at the Snipe location can not find Snipe, and he manages to avoid catching hiding behind some stairs? The train station was apparently not even on Earth in the UK, and the sound effects on the battle scene were terrible. The action was also extremely bad, boring and written and filmed much better than a thousand times earlier. But in this movie there were several prominent actors, what they thought and please do not let this movie be watched! It seems that this film did not know what it wanted to be; if you focus on dramatic aspects after completing the task, then you need a strong rigid plan with an acceptable landscape and environment, this is something that the viewer has time. Accept and appreciate it, and if you do it wrong, you will notice it. If you want all action movies (which is not), then continuity and scenery can be put aside.
