Well, I do not think the picture is as bad as most reviews do. . . but there is no doubt that there are problems. Basically, the problems are in the script. There is a plot - but not many stories, and certainly not one that anyone could call persuasive; draws out any number of self-aware strange and / or stereotyped characters, lines, moments, what-you-and, after all, simply did not add much in this department. I'm sorry, but I did not care whatsoever "socially bad" Farnsworth tried to solve; there will always be a section of the population willing to do almost anything that will destroy their brain, even if it requires running around cornfields trying to steal ammonia, or whatever they are, morons. So, as a movie, you will not call me "Iowa" "important." But, at a stylistic level, the picture is more than interesting, and some of Farnsworth's choices in showing the state that is thrown out of the head is beautiful, hilarious, disturbing, and - yes, I will say that - inspired. /> The acting is uneven, but it can only be a victim of a previously praised stylistic achievement. Look, Rosanna Arquette is a good actress - but it's not very good here, so a discriminating member of the audience must ask: "What happened?" It is strange that Diane Foster leads the simplicity and grace that so few other actors can come close. For example, I can seriously consider any explanation that Farnsvorth could provide to Michael T. I would like to be a top officer, but I doubt that I would ever buy it; It just does not work. Then again, it's the most lifelike and the moment I saw John Savage appearing in years. So, go to it. This is a type of work that is tempting, but does not promise - and that's fine; neither Farnsvorth nor anyone else is obliged to film movies. So, whether Farnsvorth has another movie in it remains to be seen, but if it does, it seems quite likely that it will not be a sweet pope. At a time when people are planning their lives around the latest American Idol, we might be able to allow, and not despise, Farnsvorth's legitimate and undefinitely defective film. Moreover, we might be able to welcome you, not a curse, its energetic, and sometimes blessed, idiotic imagination.
