"Iova" wants to be "Rekuiem for a Dream" for Midvest meth, but it comes as a hard Render "Reefer Madness". Yes, the drug is bad, and the meth is terribly dangerous, as an addiction and how it destroys people, families and communities. But those characters who are either stupid or ridiculous and a turning around their eyes will not teach that lesson to anyone. While writer / director / star Matt Farnsvorth has some charisma on the screen, his partner Diane Foster plays an infinitely ridiculous wide eye of an innocent, corrupted drug that has already saturated Susan Sarandon in The Rocki Horror Picture Shov. I was really sorry about her total unnecessary nudity. It was only until the end of the film that I realized that I should have thought that these two recently graduated from high school to explain some of their naivety because they bombarded their school photos, but if so, they even looked older than people at "The OC" . Although they have good chemistry on the screen, they are a pale imitation of the pair of "Badlands". Visiting stars are badly used. Michael T. Veiss, who was so good at The Pretender TV, is completely hilarious as a corrupted conditional release employee and his brutal violence is simply crazy because his character is pretty much destroying any social significance for the film. Rosanna Arquette must be even worse than going to David Cronenberg as a very low rental Livia Soprano. John likes even to tell the excuses of the old baby boomer about what I did, but this is even worse. Gothic fish appeared, with a strange explanation that she was a stripper from Des Moines. A compulsory drug dealer from Latin America appears in Iowa? With a limited budget, the internal view of the use of the target is shown pretty lively, with rather intimidating hallucinations. We certainly see them crazy. Although the locations in Iowa are used very well (including the fun scene of robbery with propane gas), accents and church references are confusing South Baptist. The guns seem to be used by people who respect the law and violate the laws here more than any other drug dealing. The most famous British Greg Greene Braun songs are used in everything, but unusually not listed in the credits. I hope they were used with permission. I caught this in his commercial show in New York because I missed him at the Tribeca Film Festival where he got a significant - and unexplained - buzz.
