It's hard to know where this adaptation starts to go wrong, because I think the problem starts with the book itself. Alecander McCall Smith has elaborated that you are reading them not for detective stories, but for his deeply polite and completely false vision of Africa that does not exist. He did for Botswana what Borat did for Kazakhstan - not so successfully, but based on facts. Once I realized it, it stopped me that Jill Scott, an American singer / actress, was cast as Mma Ramocve. If she wants to represent a non-Africa country, how appropriate is that a black non-African woman? She is not the only American to act; Mma Makuci plays Anika Noni Rose. Both women are far, too young for the role they play, and too glamorous. Both brutally kill local accents and both focus on that brutality they do not offer much in the way they work. Scott's Mma Ramocve is springy, sweet and soft. Rose's Mma Makuci is a boring bitch with a motorcycle. The result is almost invisible. The main actor is redeemed only by the presence of Luciano Msamati, who turns into a decent performance as JLB Matekoni. He goes smarter and more intense than in books, but I can not blame Msamati for it - he's great brightness in the ocean of a sucker. The contradictions between his performances and books were clearly placed before the feet of the commissar of the butcher who wrote the script. For me, McCall Smith's writing has always been very fun, and yet infamously bad. He refuses to be decorated. As a result, his books contain grammatical experiments that borders with the scientific and characters that change the name in the middle of the sentence. Therefore, it is something of the achievement that the team to write this project actually worsened the situation. Dialogue is now mostly anglicized. The characters speak of "opening" and "sensitivity to needs". Mma Ramocve and Mr. JLB Matekoni openly flirting. Mma Makuci is afraid that there is no computer, but given the constant restylated hair, makeup and jewelry, I'm surprised that there is no MacBook in the bag along with its Visa card. So what are we here? It's hard to be upset with this shabby adaptation, because honestly, most of the things I like in original books are apocryphal. McCall Smith imagines a fictional Botswana inhabited with cute niggers that are not dangerous and full of fun and tasty wisdom-nuggets. It is read well despite the linguistic tragedy, but it is a vision that a certain kind of white person wants black people. It just is not true. Given this, it's not surprising that this show is as shady as she is. However, it remains to be seen whether the European and American audience will nevertheless notice.
