This resumption is like a processed McDonald's meal compared to Ang Lee's very good but highly undervalued 2003 "The Incredible Hulk". Ang Lee's "Hulk" is a comic movie for a thoughtful person. The hulk needs some time to appear (about 40 minutes), but when we do that, we see a conflict in the core of our protagonist. He does everything in his power to avoid the loss of control, but as he acknowledges, when he surrenders to his anger, he likes him. Now compare this with Edward Norton, where there is no conflict. in his personality, and he turns to Hulk whenever he gets excited and his pulse reaches 200 beats per minute (not 183, not 197, but exactly 200). To this reviewer, this was similar to the introduction of midi-chlorians into the Phantom Threat, which shows how strong the "power" is with one, as if mystical abilities can be checked through a blood test. In the 2008 film, all that Ed Norton Bruce Banner had to do was to keep the pulse below 200, as the device attached to his wrist. And for the record, it's extremely difficult to get a pulse of up to 200, even through a very exciting ride, especially for a physically fit person. Emotions run by Hulk Eric Bane. He suppressed memories of his mother's death and the role of his father in his early life. It is calm on the surface, but underneath it is a great rage, enough anger to trigger Hulk when he gets rid of it. But Hulk never kills deliberately, not even his attackers. Basically, he just wants to escape or is close to Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelli). He disables his shooters and, on one critical stage, keeps a fighter plane crashing it from a collision. In the 2003 film visual effects are here, but as needed. Action scenes (and there are many) are necessary for the plot, unlike the 2008 film in which the action was inserted for action. In his quest to turn him into a "fugitive" story, Ed Norton loses focus on how Bruce Banner thinks of Hulk. For him, Hulk is a dangerous side effect of the experiment. And Louis Leterrier, the director who noticed Ed Norton's sign, fails to add any emotional dimension to Banner-Hulk's relationship. The story can be summarized as follows: The banner is haunted and Hulk hits with a foot, Banner is punched and Hulk hits. Repeat as needed. The only thing that opposed the 2003 film is that it may not be true for comics as well as for the 2008 version. However, even when I'm a comic strip, I would rather love a movie that is not true for comics as a dream of fans, but it has a heart over loyal comics, but produced and soulless versions of 2008. Maybe Ang Lee should have read more comics. Iron Man, also released in 2008, is the perfect example of a movie that is true to its roots in comics and has a heart.
