Someone owes Ang Lee an apology. In fact, many people do it. And I'll start. I've never been interested in Ang Lee Hulk because of almost unanimous bad reviews. It seems that even premium cable channels do so rarely. I finally decided to watch yesterday on the American network and, wow .... ANG LEADERS AND AN UNKNOWN HULK SPOILERS Was it boring! I've never been through Ang Lee's Hulk. Erik Bana was flawless, Nick Nolte was terrible, Sam Elliott was unsuitable (and that's not fun, he's usually a cool character). In fact, I honestly think that they chose Eric Ban because his face without description was the easiest to imitate with computer graphics - and it was clear that Ang Lee Hulk should face Bruce Banner face in his non-angry state. When Hulk struggled with the mutant powder, I was ready to admit Hulk as the worst superhero movie ever. But then something happened. About 3/4 times through this boring movie, it was really exciting and - I dare say - a reasonably persuasive - an expanded action scene that begins when Hulk breaks out of the chamber in a military base, fought against tanks M1 and Komanca. helicopters in the desert and then driving the F22 Raptor into the stratosphere to get caught in the streets of San Francisco. This was one of the best action scenes ever made for a superhero movie. And I must say, the CGI was pretty good. That does not mean that Hulk was completely convincing. But this did not require a much greater suspicion of disbelief than is necessary in many non-superhero action films. And this is a real feat. Naturally, the ending became very stupid when Father Bruce Banner turned into a kind of criminally changing form, but the earlier long string of actions put to shame any short heroic Iron Man figure. And all in all, apart from animated mutant dogs, it really seemed that CGI in Hulk tried to convince you that he was real and really interacting with his environment. It certainly was better than I expected. OK, but what about the Incredible Hulk? Guess what ... And that's boring! There are only a few performances by Hulk and here's the thing - CGI in this movie is horrible. Perhaps Hulk in the Ang Li version sometimes looked fake and cartooned in others - but he also had his convincing moments. The incredible Hulk looked positively funny. He had a tone of skin and a tonus of muscles that did not even look like a living being, just some kind of computer-generated texture. It was really meaningless. Lighting, the environment and facial effects did not look 5 years older than Ang Lee, they looked 10 years older. There's really no excuse for that. We really live in an era where computer programmers can destroy the movie as thoroughly as any director, actor or cameraman ever. Worse, the writer and director of this movie seems to have not learned almost anything from Ang's "failure." All the same mistakes were made. Bruce Banner is practically no emotions. The General is so ruthless, incredibly one-dimensional to make it seem lighter than Hulk. The love interest is inconceivable (I must give Liv Tyler a confession to be more emotional than Jennifer Connelli, although both are pretty easy for the eyes). Tim Blake Nelson exaggerates almost the same as Nick Nolte, although he is in the movie for only a few minutes. Hulk does not really do much in this movie, certainly not more than Ang Lee's version. The incredible Hulk was a bit faster, but since nothing happened, it does not matter much anyway. Oh yeah, the villain is like a forgery that looks like Hulk. He's actually much more interesting than a man than a monster. So I can definitely say that the Ang Lee version is better: if I ever have the opportunity to see the Ang Lee version, I might be able to go through it to see good action sequences, or otherwise, Try to appreciate the dialogue a bit more (I'm more likely to just go to good parts quickly). But there is absolutely no scene in The Incredible Hulk that is worth seeing once, let alone twice. It's really at the bottom of the superhero. CGI in a cartoon is an insult to the audience - at least in Ang Lee's version, they seem to have tried to make it realistic (except for the gigantic poodle, of course). It is absolutely reasonable to wonder that the directors wanted to erase the bad feelings associated with Ang Lee's Hulk by making almost the same film. It's the credit of Edward Norton to seem to distance himself from this movie.
