I came from a few years of looting on these records because of the abnormal absence of intelligence that is transmitted through criticism that occasionally appears on the IMDb space of this film. I saw this film kindly thanks to a film festival in New York City underground cinema (which this year also had a great selection of films, see vital, June snake, CHA NO AJI, Survive Styles) and complained every day that the scene from this film is separated from my thoughts and becomes a living memory. I'm sure you can read the summary of the movie about Subvai Cinema, which is why I probably made a mistake to drag my friend to the movie. The description created a kind of horror movie that I longed for someone who relies on pure terror rather than cheap fears. P was actually different. He relied on cheap laughs. An incredibly disturbing speaker described this film as "Lesbians join in the fight against monsters." Totally untrue. In this film a sub-page was built to make it look like the relationship between the girl and Pookie is actually going somewhere. More lies. This film looks like a short text for "Are you afraid of the dark?" The story is ridiculous and it only managed to cause laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally gave up trying to look at this film with any kind of seriousness and trying to forget the 9 dollars that they spent on the door. I would almost like Paula Spurrier to be in the audience so I could laugh at him and ask him why he lost five years in Thailand to make a bad erotic horror-cum-pornography belonging to a spice channel that only managed to get an actress out of family, and caused a little alarm at the Belgian film festival. The only alarm that caused this was the bubble in the lower intestine, because it could not be pulled out of the colon. In any case, I hope that I can release anyone to make a serious mistake watching this movie, it was indeed one of my best 3 experiences in the movie, breaking down the soulplane number 2.
