And finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls and goes 'THUMP!' Who really wrote the writing for the latest version of Sage Kuma? Probably the same staff who works "How the world is turning." This film does not deserve the title "Kum" in general. Let's call this "Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All Mi Capos". As someone who has encountered a number of mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I never met a mobster as an inside-conflict and contemplative one like Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they're greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past work and his gloomy future, maybe even after his death, and then he recovers very quickly in order to perform some fantastic business deal or order the death of this or that great time the operator, deep inside. Then there's his failed marriage. After the break-ups in G2, we can hope that Michael & Kai will reunite as a man and a woman, but here it seems to have become very good, platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. As if the screenwriters are trying to make Michael a wife. It's a bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of a matrimonial bed for 9 years. There are some misrepresentations here and there, or they may be the sins of authorship. Poor Sofola Coppola, a poor, old country, is burdened with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that do not fit into what a young woman would say in ordinary conversations - she received "remarks" rather than "lines" of emotion. Her "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something of a bad comedy teen chopping while I chew my open mouth with kisses and strok each other's backsides on the kitchen of the board like marionettes ... scullers were brought to the thrills by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but here it is funny. Then, there's Annie's character, Vinnie Mancini, who also got a tough and ungrateful role. It is expected, I suppose, to be a new, new Don Corleone, but he has almost handed over a job on a silver tray and must do little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in G1. This "hand-me-dovn" process can be an authentic way of transmitting power to the mafia family, but why is it so much made of this boring routine? Certainly, Don Vincent may one day deserve the respect of his fellow gangsters, but in the script there is little discovery of character that would, unfortunately, give us a portrait of this young man. Puzo did such a good job quickly and conclusively developing Michael's character in the G1. But G3 has no economy in its storytelling, and we suffer through drawn out exhibitions until we just want to go. Third, George Hamilton was also given an unhappy assignment to take over a family lawyer after Robt Duvall declined a third war as Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role, so the actor came without any damage. The development of character Connie Corleone is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes the killer things into her hands (she might well end up with Fredos, if that was the real world). But not everything is bad. Assassination scene at the hotel penthouse is great! Also, "they drag me back" or words in that sense is a great line. And, we have recovered with some old feeling as we are returning to Sicily, even if all of this was done in 1989 and have modern cars and hairstyles. Lines of involvement involving the corrupted hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, since it is based on some real financial defects in the Banco Vatican in the 1980s, but it's too far away, again, with too many spectacular death scenes, etc. The opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But, the mortal scene of Mary in the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation, at best. All screenwriters should find out that we do not always have to die anymore so that the mafia movie is successful. Sorry Kai that her daughter is dead, she plays her pain so well, but Michael's reaction is hammi, hammi, hammi. Then, Michael dies somewhere in the 21st century, in Sicily, I am on a big estate, a failure of the heart ... without a grandson to play before his death, there is no woman to complain about him. What should happen in the last half of this film is that Michael is following someone like Rudi Guilliani, to be tried, that all dirty small businesses and bloodthirsty fugitives were brought to the light of the day, Michael was then convicted under the RICO Laws and sent to a federal prison for life ... then he can turn up dead from a heart failure while cleaning the floor at LEAVENVORTH. Thus, the mobs ended their careers in the late 1980s and early 1990s and received a much better treatment than they deserved.
