Near the beginning of "Kuma: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to leave law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want that. But his alienated ex-wife, Kay, succeeds in persuading him to allow Anthony Corleone to search for the music he wants. So it seems. It seems like a strange way to start with an overview, because it's a small plot and there's nothing real with the main action. Just hold me here; You'll see where I'm going to end up with. Now let me tell you about the main story. It is that Michael Corleone wanted to stop the crime forever (he largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a quarrel. Of course, Michael has to withstand another brush with crime and armed violence and all these good gangster stuff. In the meantime, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter Marie. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to pat all the terrible things that happened at the end of the second part. It is like soap opera. One terrible, terrible soap opera with 169 minutes. There was no sophistication, romance, and emotional relevance that made the first two films so difficult house. After a 16-year break at Franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivered a mess in his sleep and pretentiousness completely incompatible with the first two films, once again proving that his last major work, "The Apocalypse Now," was back in the 1970s. What's worse, "Kum: Part III" is not even a logical continuation of "Kuma: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He did not just go into the seed (which could be legitimate, even if it would not be fun to watch). He has become a good boy who is trying to repair all the tragedy that made Part II so a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that small attack of diabetes in the middle pushed him into nausea. He also comes back with Kai! For God's sake, there is absolutely no way to do this, because the second film is plainly clear! She aborted her baby, and his Sicilian upbringing made him disdain for it. Did not Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? And do not even let me in the affair of Marie and Vincent! For romance that was so banned, it was shocking. Sophia Copole's acting did not help. She made the smartest move of her life when she moved from the camera in front of her, perhaps she was the worst actress I've ever seen in a nominated for the best film. Every line she delivered was painfully remembered, and every time the drama was resting on her acting abilities, all that caused her was a mischievous silence. On top of the top scene - I will not go into details, but you will know the stage I'm talking about when / if you're watching - she looks at Michael and says: "...... Dad?" I think I should cry, but the line is was delivered so badly that I was scared into a long, loud laugh! Now we come to the climax, and now you will understand and why I took the time to start a review with the description of the musical ambitions of Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of tiny drama and unimportant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and about 10-15 minutes a couple of killers walk around trying to kill Michael. About this climatic sequence, I have to say one thing: it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were quite boring. I really liked the opera. She had great music and great shots. And, from what little showed us, it seemed that the story had an echo of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was a great opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was happy to let his son go from law school to music. My greatest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola had only recorded Anthony Corleone's opera 169 minutes and left the rest of the moist melodrama. Better yet, I would not have made a "Kum: Deo III" at all. The other part gave us the perfect end. This spin was self-sufficient and unnecessary. P.S. This is not a reaction to the film. I watched all 3 movies about Kum a month ago (although I first watched it first). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III have not been screwed up (in fact, I set it up pretty low after that), but that also means that I have had a good time to think about all three movies. Although at first I was a little disappointed with Part II, which I thought more about, it seemed better. But with the third part, it was bad, and then it worsened I was thinking more about it. It is sad that many people will stop with the first part, but if they look at the other part, they will most likely go to the third part. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
