The Kum's part I was a stunning view of the fictitious Corleone family and how an innocent young man was only forced to circumstances that he never wanted to have. Part II shows that this young man has accepted his new role, his desensitization of character, and his complete loss of every innocence as he dwells deeper and deeper into the criminal life. The first two parts of this saga about this transformation of Michael Corleone make up one of the greatest tragedies in cinema history. Then came the Kum III part. Michael Corleone is now an old Don Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions not through subtle behavior, but attempting to exploit his power for good and acknowledge all his wrongs and regrets to others. Very cliché and non-characteristic for the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his power for good were thrown out by ambitious young disciples and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately the victim of mass wars and her death seems to lead Michael to realize that his whole life as Don was worthless because he collapsed in one thing that was the reason for putting him in a position where he was: Kum Part II ends with Michael Corleone who reaches the lowest of the lowest: he has a brother killed. Before Part III was made, Kuma was an emotional tale of the innocent young man's journey into the darkness with Michael's incredibly tragic ending that had forgotten his roots and left the only thing that was always the most important to him and his people: family loyalty. The third part of the pictures of Michael as a man who has always been just a victim of circumstances. This largely spoils the meaning of the first two films. Kum III part is a terrible clutter of film that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem with this final part of Kuma films is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's shockingly terrible act that a member of his family was killed.
