This 1971 TV Billy Wilder classic is inferior to the original. Surprise! First, good stuff. Lee J. Cobb is great Barton Keies. He's not as good as Edward G. Robinson, of course, but he's the only reason he's watching this. The only advance of this remake in relation to the original is that it reduces the role of Lole Dietrichson, the daughter of femme fatale, Phillis Dietrichson. And it's for good stuff. Bad things are many. The director shoots everything indifferently: if you've watched a movie with a sound that's muted, it's hard to get the impression that something special is happening. Due to modern bad taste, the film must be colored instead of black and white. Due to the bad taste of the 1970s, all sets are repugnant ugly. The expensive apartment Valter Neff is particularly disgusting. Modern environment hurts in many small ways. Traveling by train was unusual in the 70s than in the 40s, so the decision was g. Men stopped wearing hats, which prevents Walter from covering his brown hair while presenting as a giant. Dietrichson. Women in mourning ceased to wear velvets, and Samantha Eggar robbed the mastermind Barbar Stanvick, who took advantage of the key scene. (Strange, Lola still has a line where she finds out that her stepmother was trying to put a black hat and veil before they needed them.) Stephen Bochco kept a large part of the script Billy Wilder-Raimond Chandler the same . But he makes many tiny, unexplainable changes in the dialogue that leave the script a bit milder when once it was skinny and muscular. It's weird that a famous joke with motorcycle policemen is gone, but look carefully and see what looks like a post-production cut where those lines should be. Bochco may not be guilty. Richard Crenna is passable as Valter Neff. What made this version so bearable is truly wonderful Phillis Dietrichson. Instead, we get Samantha Eggar, who appears as a typical guy from Barnaby Jones. But who can blame Eggar? With a director who is barely interested in what is going on in front of the camera, how could Barbara Stanvick be able to get out of her way?
