This remake of 1973 classic Billy Wilder from 1944, "Double Indemnity", is a textbook example of how to destroy an excellent script. This feed category B also illustrates the craziness of the remake in general. Although Hollivood went after the greedy executives who painted black and white films and demanded the waiver of the widescreen films shown in the pan-and-scan versions, the industry ignored hackers who insisted on filming a classic film and reducing it. with a bad remake. The first step in making a classic version is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raimond-Chandler's work was shortened in half an hour to fit the final film at a certain time with space for commercials. Then update the production of bland, color photography, smart, upscale sets and actors known on the TV. Thus, the brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates atmospheric black and white film-noir cinema that has improved the mood and characteristics of the original. There were dusty, shady, claustrophobic sets that explained the protagonists' desire to avoid the situation regardless of price. Close ties between Keys and Nefa and the erotic attraction between Nephew and Philis have passed. The appearance of the film Jack Smight about "double deduction" is more "dynasty" than film noir. Phillis Dietrickson has a design house for which he will die, and Neff's comfortable bed will be difficult to afford on the insurance salesman's salary, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible that drives. No figure has an obvious motive for murder for the poor $ 200,000. If not money, then maybe murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Krenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are about the same as those between brothers and sisters. Crane does not manage to catch Nein's cynicism, and his attempts to duplicate and sexual suggestion fall terribly flat. Eggar is a little better and misses his sensuality and depth to suggest the inner action of an allegedly cunning and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a meritorious performance like Keies. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have done much better jobs. There was no reason to produce this miserable remake, except to fill the time in the broadcast schedule. There was no reasonable reason for this dude to revive it on a DVD and pack it with the original movie, except to pack a two-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this ignore ignition is that even great script and excellent dialogue can be destroyed by poor casting, poor direction and the value of TV class production. "Double Indemnity" from 1973 should be entitled "10% of compensation", because watching only emphasizes the 100% perfection of the original film.
