Scams of murder and insurance take the adulterous couple for the "end of the line" ... The television was visually vulgar in the early 1970s, and this shortened, made for television, hurt my eyes. It can not be compared to the classic Billy Wilder movie from 1944, as everyone in his health mind should know - apparently unseen - but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity. Although based on the original Paramount scenario, more than half an hour has been cropped up, and the director makes a mild indifference to what remains inevitably forgetful. With a rare exception, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black and white films on TV in 1973 (still true today, unfortunately) and this terrible story was new to the vast majority of viewers; then, as now, the rating rule and monetization was its only raison d'etre reon. For similar reasons, Gus Van Zandt has transformed PSICHO Alfred Hitchcock and, if this reduction has led to the search for original movies or novels, the better. I loved the original novel by James M. Caina enough to get up then and I enjoyed this time, I was cursing for the second time for long hair, ular, turban tips, ugly decor, and lush chestnut locks "guest star" Samanthe Eggar, who did not bother too much. In addition to recognizing several cases of childhood he spent on suckling, Lee J. Cobb managed to maintain my interest as a tired, tired Keies, but a kind and harmless Valter Neff. reminded me of Bill Bixia on a bad day. The improvement on the original, of course, was never focused on the rush to make a fine, but instead of pointless reconstruction, the new adaptation of the novel would be a new idea. Cain's book is somewhat different from the celluloid incarnation, and the horrible sharks of the shark at the end of the moon are killers. The companion in me is grateful that the accelerated update of "Me Decade" is included as part of the DVD accessories DOUBLE INDEMNITI, but the experience has not only thrilled me to see the original, it is also nostalgic for any episode of the better-made COLUMBO TV series. I also returned to a very good ABC TV week of 1973, which I did not see since his first broadcast: LINDA John D. Macdonald is in the lead role with the beautiful Stella Stevens as a merciless femme fatale who kills his lover (sexy John Sakon) to his wife and then marks her blessed husband for crime and, if I remember correctly, there is an open end. Like DOUBLE INDEMNIT it was unnecessary to transform into Queen Mary Madsen as a titular fox, and Richard Thomas as a milking husband.
