When Samantha Eggar (like Phillis Dietrickson) responds to the door of her house in the towel, you realize that as a competent actress, such as Eggar, she does not have the hypnotic attraction of Barbara Stanvick. And this is not entirely Eggar's guilt. In the original film, Vilder Stanvic not only appeared in the towel, but entered the scene on the balcony of the house on the second floor. And she does not "come out"; It appears, almost like magic. Valter Neff stares at her from the bottom on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanvick is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurrai) when first introduced. It's not just a towel. Towel contributes to seductive attraction. Her pose is like a Greek goddess looking at her domain, and in some strange way, you feel like she's actually controlling the whole situation from the start. It has sexual, even magical power. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets in him. Back in 1973. Renejku Crenna knocked on the front door. Stanvick's stand, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. No "looks". She simply opens the door. The attractive superiority that attracts the audience at the first appearance of Stanvic in 1944 was completely absent in 1973. She opens the door to the towel around her. Maybe he's sexy in Charlie's angels, but that's not nearly so mysterious. It seems that the film makers of the remake misunderstood Vilder's point. The script may have said "Phillis appears in the towel," so that the filmmakers must follow the instructions and include the requested towel. The point is not in the towel. The point is in the enigmatic quality of Filis, and the potential power she uses. Wylder gave her a towel to add mysticism to her. The filmmakers gave her a towel because Wilder did it. And in the choice of shooting, he lost Phillis's mystique. Richard Krenna also seems to be wrong. It looks like it's "acting", not just in the midst of dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna appears as an actor in the '70s. He can not enter the forties. When MacMurrai first talks to the microphone, sweat starts to drop from his face. There is no sweat on Crenna. They also changed one of the key lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says: "I did not get the money and I did not get a wife." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not get the money, and I did not want a woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole story? Or have they been mistaken for a "television" audience? This film made for TV is redesigning the numbers. All the sharp edges of the original are lost. The only thing that can be said is Lee J. Cobb in the role played by Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save the loss of intensity of the original. This tedious remake of 1973 is a forgetful TV movie that was probably made by the same people who worked "Gilligan's Island". It is possible that they tried to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone in the the Wind". If the center is the best one can hope for, what is the purpose? The classic from 1944 is the film with the main "F". This made for TV remakes deserves a "F" grade, or, perhaps, "D" for nonsense.
