Before Stan Laurel became a minor half of the greatest comic team of all time, he worked on a contract with Broncho Billy Anderson in a series of inexpensive, many of which were parodies of the main Hollywood features. After the dispute with Anderson, Laurel continued the informal series of parodies in the smaller (and poorer) production company Joe Rock. Most of Laurel's parodies were at that time only slightly ridiculous and even less funny. for a modern audience that has not seen the original film Laurel parodies. The "Vest of Hot Dog" is a fairly generic parody of cowboy shots. This is a marginal specific parody of the West of Pekos, a release that was released two years earlier, without big actors. Since the West of Pekos has never been a great success, it is difficult to understand why Stan's filmmaker chose this film as a target for their lampoon, and even less because they waited so long after his release to parody. And where did they get the title of "Vest of Hot Dog"? It is possible that this is due to the fact that it is "hot dog!" it was a sexual alert that American doctors favored in the twenties. The "Vest of Hot Dog" was produced and co-directed by Joe Rock. Among his many other accomplishments, Rock presented Laurel Lois Neilson, and later was the best man at their wedding. Full Discovery: In the last years of my life, I had a great privilege to make friends with Joe Rock and interview him. Almost ninety years at the time, Rock's memory was impressively clear ... but he did not remember anything about the "Vest of Hot Dog", and I can not blame him. This film is not forgotten. The character of the leading ladies is called the Little Mustard: If it meant that it was a parody of something in the 'West of Pekos', I do not understand it. There are several "impossible" edges here, including the Laurel method for mounting horses. In just one moment in this film, Stan Lorel reminded me of Big Buster Keaton when he suddenly broke through. 'Vest of Hot Dog' is vaguely similar to the theme and tone of Keaton's short comedy 'The Frozen North', but Keaton's version is much more fun. The plot of this film somewhat envisions the situation in Keaton's 'Our Hospitaliti' function, but (again) suffers in comparison: here, two heavy Varmint brothers expect to inherit Last Chance Saloon, but the previous owner left a weak tendency in Stan. However, brothers will become legally heirs if Stan dies. Hmmm ... Seriously, however: is such a legal right? As soon as Stan enters into possession of the property, it is certain that all his further questions of ownership or inheritance become his decision, not the decision of the previous owner. I had enough time to consider such legal points as I watched that boring comedy. At one point, the gag includes a coarse animation that is drawn directly onto the film footage. It looks cheap and not funny. This "hot dog" is not a veteran, and is not a winner: it's just a winker. My rating: one point out of 10. Hang on, Stan: In a few years you will be half comedy.
