This film is a daunting scam of one of the best novels of all time, Silas Marner, George Eliot. The details of the film shown on the IMDb give recognition to the original author, but I did it. I do not see this at the beginning of the film, only at the end of the text that said "suggested by the book Silas Marner". Proposed? It was nothing but a complete split of all the essential elements of the story: The damaged and sad man, the craftsman, the poor and the lonely, stole all his money. One night a child stays at his door while her mother lies dying on the snow outside. A man takes it and brings it to one day when a local nobleman (or rich politician here) seeks to adopt a child. He is the father of the child during the illegal affair years ago. Then there is a battle on who needs legal guardianship for the child. In this and every other aspect of the film, the story is exactly the same. In only one case I can find the difference. Silas Marner had an epilepsy - but perhaps it would have overheard the acting capabilities of Mr. Martin. On top of that, the hair is colored in some juice of carrot juice (probably to make it younger, but actually made it look more like a clown)! There is also the addition of meaningless jokes, that this unusual comedian can not resist holding a story that does not have a role in it and only diminishes the depth of the story. Like when a child cries in a court building, declaring that he can only be happy with the man who gave birth to all this year. This is transmitted in a movie by a girl who puts nasal decongestion on her nose to cry! I'm surprised that the legality and integrity of the film industry allow such a film. If I were the guardian of George Eliot, I would insist on reparation. If I were Steve Martin, I would send a profit to this estate, or to the poor. The least should be titled Silas Marner - adapted from S Martin. Or even better removed from the archive! If you are interested in this story - and I hope you - completely discard this and watch Silas Marner. Or read the book! The BBC was an excellent adaptation of the 1980s.
