Everything that might be potentially interesting in this material sank in the first few seconds with the renunciation that the events we see can not be known and "This is the most commonly used whisper" about one of the most sensational Hollywood "mysteries". OK. So we do not get anything new (and E! 'S "Mysteries and Scandals" give you a better foothold in a particular incident ... and that's not a confirmation). What do we get? We found out that Hollywood is the nest of snakes and decadents. There are no big news there. More interesting is the knowledge of what he is prepared to do to regain his position of power in the entertainment industry and / or political establishment. The question is whether Peter Bogdanovich speaks from his experience through these characters. But what has been said is so cynical and ugly and confused, there remains a sense of guilt that we have witnessed a bunch of hooey who turns into history. It was found more irritating than fun. We are not compassionate with anyone. And the great "Citizen Kane" polishes Davies and Heart's relationship in a more convincing way. In "The Cat's Mine," we are not sure of Davis's motives to be with Hearst. As soon as one thing tells us, it does not work the other way. And should we believe that Davis was the love of the priesthood? Or just trying to bite one of the most powerful American - and apparently moronic - citizens. The film is never clear. What is convincing are the production values. There is a magnificent recreation of yachts and bones of the period. I was thinking more about the construction of some ribbons on the men's jackets than I followed the story that sheds many of the most famous figures in Hollywood history. No one will remember that the script is pure fiction. The film's rejection of the film only makes it more provocative and unhappy. Contractors can not be blamed, although Meg Tilly is passing by the parody here. Kirsten Dunst never disappoints. It gives the most sincere performances in the sea of ​​chewing the landscape. Only Joanna Lumley rises above the material, but so much so that she seems to distance her from the whole enterprise, not telling him. One of her first sentences is: "I'm not here!" And I'm sure she wants it not. This is not right with Bogdanovic's impure, so bad - it's good "In the long last love." He is in the attempt of something serious, but hesitates and stumbles mainly because he is so bitter about the "beast" called Hollivood. This is the movie "National Enkuirer". And it not only tracks the names of those who put the film on Oneide's ship this weekend, but the audience gets pretty dirty.
