Very young Ginger Rogers trades with fast-hitting and one-line with rival news reporter Lyle Talbot in this mystery of murder in 1933 by Allied Productions. The film opens with a wealthy businessman who takes headers from the roof of a house with high-rise apartments, or is it from a lover's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the beginning of the film, such as Miss Terri, the dead victim's secretary, along with her patronage Pat Morgan. Incorrectly telephoning his story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of the writing table, she was fired for trying when her boss finds out of the game. Russell (Purnell Pratt) investigated Harker's death that Terri / Morgan was employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why is that right? After the fact that it would make sense that she was there for the newspaper price, but earlier? Traces are dismissed in connection with Harker's associations with a well-known mobster who lives well in the same apartment building, but again, this association is not relevant until it is linked to the patron Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who does all the business cards with the snake that was done by the HSSS, with the words "Thoughts" cut out and glued below? Obviously, the snaky sound of the snake was the sound of the radiator system of the apartment house used by Peterson to transfer toxic gas to the potential victims' rooms, such as Mrs. Kobi in a flat under Harker. But in response to the question he had asked Inspector Russell about Mrs Cobi's death, he replied "obviously" to the cause of choking. The discovery of Petersen as a bad man of this work comes under some tough circumstances as we see him putting Ms Morgan's unconscious body into the burning stove! However, and I achieved another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a large basement room while Peterson burns the furnace; she escaped, but how? And still pretty as a picture. And who can make a collar off the screen if no one else except the milky policeman Wilfred (Arthur Hoit), who in the opening scene fell over his own feet entering the room. The reviewers who found "Screaming in the Night" as a satisfying person, I consider that every movie of Charlie Chan of the same era is truly "Common Suspect" in comparison. If you need a reason to watch a movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but be warned, she does not play.
