Valerian Borovcziks La Bete (1975) was apparently received in various ways: some were amazed, some were shocked, others praised courage. I am, however, completely intact, boring and can not stop wondering why the presentation of incoherent, inconsistent images that are vaguely orbiting about the central theme are considered an intellectual journey. What was this film really about? Growing sexuality in women? I've seen great movies on this topic, but this is not one of them. How can one try to portray growing sexuality in a girl without an attempt at least to characterize her as a person, not just as a narrative device that dreams of (naked) beasts. Where there are no signs, there is no study of character. The woman who was persecuted by the beast was not an adolescent girl, a girl who had sex with a black butler (does she also be characterized as a beast?) Has a very grown-up attitude towards sexuality, where is consistency? Is it a movie about religion? If so, we need a little more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma, but with a strong desire for two young men. Is it the bestiality? The metaphorical experience of the film bans every realistic examination of the bestiality, especially since realistic testing requires realistic characters. So there are no real beasts here. Let the mythical beast and two priests tell each other about the sin of bestiality. Enough for college on topic? I do not think like that. Is it sex? Is it anything about anything? I do not know. I only know that showing a gun does not make a movie with a war film. Dealing with a topic must mean more than showing one's own associations on a subject. Do not be scared of atrocities, nudity, ejaculation, masturbation, and the like. I'm not. Look at it while watching another story and you may find that it's badly made, poorly decorated, bad acting, really badly written (okay, some pictures are pretty nice and the main character is really nice girl) cerebral masturbation of the director who thinks hitting the bush in a hypnotic slow way made the story intelligent. It's not. It makes it boring.
