I just saw pre-screening tonight. What can I say? He lived up to his central runner, although he did not even say it at all. He did not absolutely do any of the movies before he did it, and he played on such a cliché way that I eventually got to the point where I stopped laughing just because I laughed with the audience, and instead let me humorously film game Let's see ... we have a more or less-spectacular main character who is trying to come back with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her, check it out. We have three friends who all have their own "personality", and one of them is the best friend who is trying to get the best friend of the main girl's character, but is constantly refusing, and the other friend is awkward who can not live positive in everything 24/7 and thrown is for one-liners (which in this case is only a bunch of film references, especially from Disnei), and the third type whose name will never be remembered, but it is there to finish the square and insert the consoling messages for which they will try to listen ... check it out. We have a girlfriend of a former boyfriend and her parents **** - we block the connection in any way possible when things look up, not to mention the unpleasant family members on the side of the main character ... check. We have an hour of a movie in which everyone is depressed, check it out. We have "funny" moments of film from continuous cursing, falling or hit people, scenes from a trailer and homosexual insinuation ... checks. And I would dare to call the spoiler, but we have an ending that takes place exactly as it was thought to take place before looking at the movie ... check it out. Wait ... it was supposed to be a PG-13 movie. All that was supposed to drop out was any F-bomb. Frankly, it would get a lot more publicity than an audience enjoying this type of humor, it would have less media exposure, and in that way they would not be so much liking to people like me, who should try and keep it higher than the recent R-rated comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. Humor in this movie is so inconvenient that it does not fit into what people are looking for. I bet even actors were often upset by some dialogue and action they had to take on the camera. Let's say so ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen, while others are laughing. When this movie hits Shovtime and you check it at 14:00 a day, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you is the heat of Alice Eve (which is not quite 10, but still looks very good). In addition to the main resolution, this film has released many sub-folds on the side of the curb and seemed to have forgotten to write another story they tried to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else was pretty flown out of the window. So there is a major resolution, but what comes of it? It is never really clear, nor does it allow the end to be "good-feeling" with a surprise. It was just one thing that was not worth anything in this movie, and it was a good soundtrack. In addition to the nice selection of alternative rock songs of the 90's, there was a nice positive result that would be played in some parts of the film (more at the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would mix / compose. I'll give them props for a great selection of sound. Another thing, this film was probably shot sometime late last year, because it was unintentional, and yet proudly Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow caps they had during the Rock Banda promotion. I just realized that many Rock Band players will catch him if you see him. But I say keep your money. If this was PG-13, and you were fifteen years old on Friday evening with a group of friends, I'd say you're empty. Otherwise, definitely pass. She's not trying to compete with R movies over the past few years, and it's perfectly not that good.
