What is this? "Kooki drama"? "Lawyers in Loona Tunes Land"? The thinnest, most arduous actress in the world (even more duck and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) turns into her bony butt, making cramped grimaces to embarrass Bugs Bunny in one of the most lively, un-animated TV series ever. This is also a boring TV show that lasts for an hour or so, and so is the worst. All men behave like maids, and I refuse to believe that even the hip-hopes of the big city are all as delta-men as this sham (short) bundle. Vuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Caliste Flocko with his fake Hollywood "shshshs" speech mismatches: it's a kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning it into the moronic "SH" that Jon Shtevart and Christian Shlater They also practice with the glow. Looking at MacNicol's story, I always wonder how his jaw does not dislocate ... Human anatomy of the face has never been intended to support the pronunciation of "SH" sound more than three times a second. He's a medical miracle. This ill-conceived and written legal drama / comedy is also characteristic of a PC from the '90s. It has POLITICAL CORRECTED written in large, neon signs. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of lawyers that is full of ideals, high principles, and moral fibers? Funny, but this is the way the defense attorneys have been shown in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what's more noble than the defense of a killer, rapist or thief? When the TV series as retarded "Alli McBeak" begins to preach to America about how it should govern the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Alli McKuack" is also the product of the recent and big west western dumbing and its perpetrator. These presumptive touches of "eccentricity", such as NON-CURRENT boring music numbers, are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny. This is not Monti Pithon. Whatever the "new" creators of this garbage that are without talent, they were unsuccessful. "Alli McBeak" is a highly commercialized TV venture aimed at indiscriminate iuppies, boring housewives and bipolar lawyers. This is another boring "objection rejected for your honor, can I call the witness" by the legalistic glupidity that the American audience seems to eat with pleasure for some strange reason ...
