No, I just will not get to him. I refuse to go with the program. Do not you think maybe this movie is just a little overwhelmed? See the reader's comments and their ratings: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think that's the case when a rating can tell more about people who show them than about a movie, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated bestiality along with horse ties became the mainstream hit as a DVD catalog title? I watched this film with a pervading feeling of anticipation, waiting for a fireworks, and instead I popped someone from the Gucci bag. It looked great, but when excitement was spent, even screwing did not do much to save him. In the background of the film all this is said: Movie director about 25 minutes of border hardcore fake bestial movie sex for another movie, was informed that the recording would not be appropriate, leaving it aside, waiting for two or three years to a critical acknowledgment is given to build, then construct the whole story about those 25 minutes, recording about 70 minutes of otherwise incoherent, disturbing boring shots and inserting a 25-minute piece as a sleep sequence. If the 25-minute film about which the word is strikingly strange, original and shocking in a deliberate, calculated way, it is implied. But we are not here to estimate that for 25 minutes, I have to consider the whole movie, and wonder why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? Or are they just in love with his storyline and history that they have banned people who were stupid enough to offend? Perhaps this is an anti-clik program that they like. Hating the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance - it has just been discovered today that the BBC routinely distorts their shows with anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment in order to improve political correctness. You can say anything you want about the Bible, pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how many whites and their inhumane religions suck the skin with stains from golf balls ... But say one negative thing about non-Western religions, and you're toast. This film was made for such a feeling, with an embroidered old dried priest who has a completely unhealthy relationship on the screen with two pretty 14-year-old French boys, complete with inappropriate touch, skinnyness, stroking, ticking, tapping and tapping backsides. Evvv. And there are also horse couplings, photographed in the fetishistic details of a major plan that parts of the film can be used as visual aids for biology in animal husbandry. To understand the thematic relevance of the image - a great animal phallus with a wealth of reproductive liquids that just await release as a fire extinguisher - but if I wanted to look at horses, you know, do it, I'd love to continue living Farm. Having genitals on my face is fun as if you are watching someone use a bathroom. Is this movie just some kind of artistic redirect for social deviant? Probably, although I will give artistic performance to the majority, recorded in some kind of artistic euro details that even has a colorful forest pond immediately behind Monet's image, complete with arched bridge. And the ending (which I even managed to surprise) all wrapped it in a clean, inept package. But you must remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed due to their design elements and many artists are blamed for their exploitation in their work to provide some type of gravity that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has been the victim of a push with his new film about Ivo Jimi. Whether his movie is good or not, it is a separate consideration from whether this battle was a noble goal led by the people who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to split two aspects of the film and will be working to give Oscar for his noble message - not because it is a particularly good or original movie. Although it can look like an unusual parallel, I see one with ZVER: How can one not see the basic beauty of nature in terms of mating two horses? And who can not see the logical culmination of suppressed sexuality from fairy tales in an explosive film set, where Beauty and the Beast finally make it futile? Somehow I managed to miss both points, and I am delighted to see this movie so I could destroy it as it really is: 25 minutes or more of the eye opening at the top of the picture of adult fairy tales surrounded 70 minutes of skull drainingli boring artsi-fartsi Euro Trash a duck about a guy who's been hairstyling, and a great ending. It's art is safe, but it's hard to crap. 3/10
