I will reject common comparisons with some legendary director known for his neurotic personality from New York, for it is honestly said to compare with the relentless loser Josh Kornblut, which is only an insult to any such director. I will also avoid mentioning saturating "Office Space" on the same breath as this celluloid disaster. Can I compare it with the awakening during your operation? It's painful to watch and wonder if surgeons really know what they are doing. Haiku Tunnel is the kind of movie you wanted to get involved in your early stages of production. It was cruel to let him live, and as a result, the audience around the world became a victim. Film Premise? if there really is one? It's not worth talking, but I want to be careful. Josh Kornbluth, a temporary worker with a serious commitment to phobia, offers a permanent job. His main duty is to send 17 high priority letters to his boss. But, absurdly, he is not able to perform this simple task. My reaction? Very important! Is not that a story? that is, at best, a passionate thought - the one that should go past every self-confident filmmaker. Leading Actor? if you can call it that way? It's an awkward man, with thick features, a drawn, untamed haircut and a number of facial expressions that move from tear-making to simple harassment. Where did the director find this schmuck? What do you say? He's the director? Oh, my fault. Playing in one's own embarrassing scenario is one thing, but I guess Mr. Kornbluth is not as convincing as a human being, let alone an actor. Be sure, this is by no means an innocent kill of character, but I have never been so excited by the presence of an actor on the screen! My frustration is further confused by his constant monologues in the camera between the scenes. I think, as if the viewer needs an intelligence input to understand this mess, Kornbluth continues to offend us with an 'explaining' action (the first rule of filming the film: 'dramatize the show', show, not say). Who does this guy think he is? He has no charisma, no charm, and judging by Hawaiian shirts, he has no sense of style. His throwing agent should be punched right! Supported actors do nothing to relieve the intense boredom I felt, with only one exception. Patricia Scanlon makes a very funny appearance as former secretary Helen, whom the old boss drank, and makes disturbing phone calls from her cellar while holding a flashlight under her face. That made me laugh, but that moment soon passed and I returned to watch the rest of the film. The title of the movie is also wrong. Haiku tunnel has nothing to do with ancient forms of Japanese poetry. Do not be fooled thinking that this is an art housewife due to the pretentious sound title or the fact that he played only in a handful of cinemas and did not make money at the box office? for that there is a good reason! <br /> <br />
