Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional copy machines, e-mails, voicemails, mail and temps, has matured the territory with satirical possibilities, a vein that was previously used in films such as Clockwatchers and Clockwatchers 'i'. Office space, 'and very successful. This latest addition to the temp / humor pool, however, "Haiku tunnel", directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to satisfy his predecessors and leaves a laugh somewhere outside the door, waiting for the opportunity to sneak. Unfortunately for the audience, this chance never comes; What you get is a good try, but as one person once said, there is no cigar. As a narrator / star of the movie, Josh Kornbluth (playing Josh Kornbluth), points to the introductory framework (in a monologue delivered directly to the camera), this story is a pure fiction and unfolds in the fictional city of 'San Francisco' l'isco '. It is an innovative, if not imaginatively represented renunciation, and not so funny. This, however, is the preacher of what will follow, and all of this - such as a waiver of responsibility - is simply not so funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an inspired writer who supports himself as a 'temp.' This is his job that suits him and gives him time to occasionally intervene in his work on his novel. But when he goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Varren Keith), he is doing the first day doing too much, and Shelby sends the secretary-general Marlene D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) Kornbluthu to persuade him to go to Perm. . 'The idea of ​​working full-time for the same company, however, initially arouses fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but he gets intertwined and pointed to the position. He is nervous about this, but at least now other secretaries recognize his presence (which, of course, would never have done with the pace), and if things get too rough, he has seventeen important letters he typed - it is now to be sent mail - to retire (he kept them because sending messages is a lighter part, and he needs something "easy to do" in the reserve, in case everything is too much for him). These, however, are "important" letters, and by the end of the week, Kornbluth still keeps them in reserve, at their desk. And she does not need a genius to realize that when Shelby finds out, Kornbluth's days as a blond boy will be over. Quickly. Brothers Kornbluth, who did not just direct, but together with John Bellucci, wrote a script for this film, they should have taken a page from the comedy Ben Stiller, where it says: "If you play it right, they will laugh. " But they are not, and the audience will not. For in comedy, even looking as objective as possible, when the main character (like most supporters in this case), the 'Funny' funny - as in, he 'knows' that he is ridiculous - has never been. And that's exactly what Kornbluth is doing here; instead of being "ridiculous", it is encountered as a dishonest and pretentious, severe mistake in judging by Kornbluth, for allowing it, they sabotaged their film. In an attempt to determine exactly why this film does not work, it comes down to two basic reasons: the direction, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least not careless; and secondly, performances, starting with Josh Kornblut. Simply, Kornbluth seems to be too impressed by himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - they both use very self-confident humor very effectively - Kornbluth obviously has an ego that simply will not let it be put into this light; It seems that he has the need to allow his audience to know that he, the true Kornbluth, is actually much smarter than Kornbluth. And the inability to pass by him and him, as well as the film. Instead of millions of office workers who see this film give someone they can relate to or with whom they can identify themselves, Kornbluth influences a lucrative way that only serves to alienate those people trying to reach it. So, what is all about is a case of poor directing and unconvincing acting, and when you consider the script itself to be weak, with an unexplained narrow focus (given the potential of a rich subject), it's easy to understand why this does not fly. The only rescue grace of the film is the appearance of Warren Keith as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing, and which - by itself - is quite witty. However, effectiveness decreases insofar as Keith has to share his scenes with Kornbluth, which somewhat automatically invalidates his positive contributions to the project. Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to keep their heads above the water with their proper performances, which are commendable, if not remotely memorable; they at least make their scenes visible, and Overman manages to raise Kornbluth's performance, even at the moment. But it's still not enough to save a day or a movie. The supporting composition includes Ami Resnick (Mindi), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Jimmy the Mail Clerk (Jimmy the Mail Clerk), with the Kamie-like appearance of the disheveled look of Harry Shearer as the leader of the orientation - a role that asks the answer to the question: "What did he mean when he agreed?" In every work environment, there will always be situations that will inevitably become food for some comic cannon in one way or another, and the films that display these situations will always be with us; Good (see first paragraph) can even become a classical person. The "haiku tunnel", however, will undoubtedly remain long among them, because its destiny lies somewhere else - in a kingdom known only as "Obesity." I estimate this 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
