From the first time I saw the cover of a movie box and stretched photo, I thought this guy, this friend 'Scvarza' must be 6 feet or 6 feet 2 inches. It is not high 5 feet. It's not that, it's his fault. At any rating, I turned on the movie one cold night in Tucson, on another deck with good cigar and let it roll. Then my wife had an affair and things went downhill for me, so I needed a good diversion. But no matter how much the film was ... I completely enjoyed it, and with a bottle of merlot, I admit it. I really have been watching this movie many times. I always feel good! It's not about "trying too hard" to be cool or "so close" as to hit the action movie sign ... It's wild. And then I really do not know. Then, again, it is wild. This is the best of the best when it comes to the scene for a quick search. Vov !! I never felt safer in my life. And warm and happy. I was grateful that they saved the gasoline during the run, because of the less production in the summer months ... anybody The direction was "uninspired" so that the action and the fight should be choreographed, or re-choreographed and tightened , the sound was off, he did not hit you, he just continued to go, otherwise. The locals of that village in which they were in the city were 'Off cue', and they did not seem to follow what was going on very well, it would look and even stared at the camera lens. As a deer in the head, only some of them with a smile, a smile with a smile. I feel bad because "Columbus" just bet it has a good heart and a caring spirit for people in America as well as for its compatriots. However, "Barettino Island" is very lethargic and incredible. I still like it a lot. My current k-husband hates him, but I love it! It's funny I'm pretty discriminating when it comes to movies I like or even 'love'. All in all, I love Franz. So, there it is. As a movie you add an addition to this if you love to kill a few hours with a true entertainment to watch, directly to video-B movies or "bad" movies for your small library collection, if you can find it, see 'The Big Sveat '(1991) with Robert Z' Dar .. you know a big guy from 'TANGO & CASH'. A 'great sweat', a bomb of a police story without the real discovery of the action and the acting that is so poor, maybe it's 'on the crutches' and at the end of the 'Big Sweat' I think their money was running out of money because they had a picture of the actor and only burned let it burn during the loan. -Good fun. But all in all, it's not as good as Baretta's Island, I gave him '1' and the overall rating of 'horrible' for a horrible-good movie B. I am waiting for the sequel, perhaps as 'Baretta's Revenge of the Montazumi' (Franco goes on a Mexican vacation and gets sick on the water, announces a war on the water) or 'Barettin's powder war,' where he would bet the big drug master in his country and chemically connects and creates a hybrid super insect that will be grown and thrown into cocaine fields and eat cocaine and pass through a bug, creating a chemical reaction that turns the coke to pure sugar powder. Then one more extension would have to save young people from excessive sugar addiction and so on. He could have gotten from a big toothpaste company that would support and partially finance the project with careful product placement in this feature. Right?(*)
