Unfortunately, the imprint of the movie we are watching was lit in a fire at Universal Studios last week, so we got stuck with the video. It could even be a metaphor for this second King Kong movie from Toho Studio, director Ishira Hone. In fact, it's warming up for King Kong vs. Godzilla. He even uses the idea of ​​Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the movie is at its peak when King Kong fights Mecha-Kong at the top of Tokyo's expo, but if you did not know that you could already be in the age group for which this movie was intended. At the head of the head is a guy named Rhodes Reason, for which we have never heard ... looking over his list, I see mostly a lot of scattered American TV spots, so it's interesting that they dragged him to Japan so they could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the more sensitive Japanese commander Akira Takarade, whom I recognized from the iconic version of "Chushingure" (47 Ronina) from Hiroshi Inagaki, as well as from original Hondin Godzille films. I'm sorry that Rhodes understood who you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with a sweet little blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed in the way that Razum would always find a way to get between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to like her more. Of course, like all ladies who lead Kong, her primary relationship is with the king himself. She discovered a nice trick: if you're really talking to a giant monkey ... really ... slowly ... he'll figure out what you're saying. And if you're blonde, that means he'll do whatever you say. This fact is not lost from Dr. Vox (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - who represent a "nation that will not be named" - who plan to use it as a bait to conquer mineral deposits in the Congo have been captured in the North Pole. Yes, this is really a plot of the whole movie - it's obvious that only one monkey will be able to dig up these minerals that can be used to make super-powerful weapons. Who builds the Mecha-Kong to get it, but the electric cars stand in the way, so they decide to go to the real Kong. Kong is currently in love with Mecha-Kong, a story element that may have made the film more interesting, but not monitored. By the end of the film, a cute blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her loud voice so many times that when two heroes say they let him go in the end they are talking to all of us. In essence, this film scattered any magnificence in the Congo, making it a heroic and friendly figure too soon, just like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in the suit in this movie, and they show him pretty much to the point where the stupid face becomes impossible to grasp seriously. It's a nice movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or wishes of fans of this kind of thing, which is actually more than a wrestling film than a monstrous movie in many ways. Monsters never fear in these films, they just jump and mutually push themselves. This is not a worthless film, but it is extremely predictable and formative, so for everyone younger than 10 years it's probably just fun as a comedy.
