This is an interesting left turn for the Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBOURS is a Minnesota film of 75 minutes showing non-actors and it's about two people who find a link through a search for alien life. I'm applauding the boldness of the Reel 13 programmers who think beyond the box when choosing this movie. I wish they had chosen a stronger movie that would be brave. In fact, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (Not that TWO HARBORS are completely without merit, but I will come to that a little later). As common in independent films, DVA HARBOR is limited in terms of location. Are there only two real locations? a big market for the bastards and a very suitable trailer that is home to the medieval main character, Vika, played by Alex Kol. Writer / director James Wuklek uses a market setting to offer exposure to Vick, who is one of the dealers there. There are various people who are walking to Vic and start very long talks that give us only two information? Vic sells space toys (he loves them more as "figures in the universe") and he is a caustic asshole. This is a symbol of one of the two key problems with TWO HARBORS - all chats. I already said that and I'll say it again? we are dealing with visual media and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, endless chatter is not so interesting for the movie? especially if the dialogue is used as an exposition. Almost all of the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily overdramatic. A significant example would be several scenes in which Vic tries to play as a scout leader in order to get a discount on the trade. He argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes do not even support the plot. That's what makes the 75-minute movie feel long. Another problem with DVA HARBORATA is acting. Maybe I'm a bit coward when it comes to performance in a movie, but I really do not feel there's a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. There are many good actors, many of whom are willing to work in low-budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoid the importance of acting skills as secondary to their visual effects, but this is naive. In making narrative films, in addition to the story, nothing is more important than the acting / performance. If you do not trust people who have told your story, your audience is lost. Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the film took place, I decided that they were probably the actors of the theater in the theater. It was not that they were embarrassed on the camera. That is, they were too dramatic (ie Great). However, the best actors were two leading? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl caught in Vic's alien hunting. They seemed to have the most training, but they were still a bit rough around the edges. It seems that the eccentricities shown were only superficial - they did not come from the real, organic place inside. Mrs Johnson is a particularly interesting case. She definitely has a presence? The Midwestern charm about her, but this charisma degrades the many problems her character has to have. She struggles to show the idiosyncrasion that stems from the presumed life of loneliness and (robbery) work, relying on gestures of supplies such as eye balls, snoring, and stuttering to suggest her discomfort to the outside world. In the first paragraph I mentioned that TWO HARBORATES are not entirely without merit and here's what I mean. Without too much distancing, the film loses one hour. After that, the story takes a stunning twist, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and really powerful? It's like hitting the guts, but in a good way. It is almost a great relief to feel something after so long with those characters. The last five minutes of the film have no dialogue and the result is the best part of the movie? subtle, detailed (Cole is doing his best film) and, most importantly, cinema. Then, with final credits, the most amazing discovery of all comes? to be based on a true story, which led me to think. With all the dialogue, the minimal location, and the lack of cinematographic features, it occurred to me that with two actors for twitching and tightening, TWO HARBORS could make a really shocking scene? Maybe even one rank. If there are some brave theater producers who read this, I strongly recommend that you look at whether you can get a movie and contact the director, Reel 13 or whoever. After all, maybe there's something in this story? For more information about this or any other Reel 13, see their site at www.reel13.org)
