Jingis Cohn is a (very) funny British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s that was haunted by the spirit of a Jewish comedian who killed 15 years before serving under Hitler in the SS. The Spirit returns and wants his killer to live as a Jew in order to redeem the murder that he committed. Otto, a German cop actually knows the name of this spirit because the last thing he did before he died. he said, in Yiddish, "Kiss me in your ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked him until he found meaning. "Kiss in my ass" left such an impression that all who were involved in this murder learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Jingis Cohn. , and there are no useful indications. Men were killed with a set of blades missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a sandwich with liver and onions, so the commissioner is suspect. The first man was killed while leading love with a butcher's wife, so the butcher is suspected. But the butcher argues that he would be very busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All people were killed immediately after the height of love. I think I may be a bit angry with the spirit of Genghis Kona if I'm killed like him. He seems to be very benevolent about it, as if he was in a mild traffic accident. I can only guess that this is because it's a British movie and they are known for being very kind people. It uses part of its material from its stand-up routing, and I simply did not find it very funny. I gave this film 4 because it was just stupid. I thought it should have been a little more serious than it was. The film turns out to be a mystery of murder (where did this come from?), And it seemed that Genghis needed to be more helpful than he was. The movie gave me a small look at the Jewish culture, but it was just deep. Do all Jews love liver and sandwiches with onions? Do everyone say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their everyday vocabulary? Are not there any important things that we should know about culture? I saw this film at the Jewish Social Center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) We were 18, and after the film, they remained about 20 minutes to talk about the film. There were two main problems: 1. The film was too cumbersome and future generations might not understand the seriousness of what happened and 2. As the survivors of the Holocaust are dying, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought this other concern was ridiculous and I told them that I do not think they need to worry because it has tons of literature and there will always be people who like to watch movies like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I'm writing this last paragraph because they accused me of telling others about my experience on that day.
