RUN ... does not leave this movie !!!!! Focused on very young children, this movie will bother you with tears. If the Gamera trilogy of the 90's had risen to a bar, this film just dropped it. It's a slow pace and the battle of the monsters is good, but rarely seen. This film gave me a dry rise in a cats box. Only a very bad offer after a phenomenal series from the '90s. SPOILERS OUT OF THIS ITEM !!!!!!!!!!! Here are the 10 best reasons why fans of the 90th Gamer series hate this movie. 10. This movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to fight her mother's death and fears she will lose Gamer's baby in the fight after knowing that his father saw an adult Gamer. You see an adult Gamer maybe a minute at the beginning of the movie. He was hit by some gyros and self-destruction? It looks old and lethargic. Besides, it does not look like a gamer you've ever seen. His suit looked cheap and hurry. 8. The young Gamer you see through the rest of the movie looks like a Pokemon. Big and sweet ... it will remind you of Godzilla from Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla 2. The gamer is now too cute. 7. This film has a NASCAR racing viewing run for 3 hours delay. I watched this movie with two more Gamer fans and no one was pleased that this movie slowly moved. I saw a jeep full of fat people walking faster on a mountain path. 6. As Godzilla: Final Vars, this movie had very little time on the screen. The final wars had much more, in fact, even better fighting, although short. 5. Children take the lead. A friend of all children's issues and bad writing killed the original Gamer series in the 1970s and history is repeated in 2000. The most successful Gamer films left Sesame Street and went to a dark place. Why go back to the unsuccessful formula? This was supposed to be a new trilogy and bad sale of tickets killed every hope for the continuation of this story (thank God). 4. Gamer has lost a cult rik. He now sounds like an elephant with a strep throat. 3. This movie can produce a new Olympic event ... Imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children at risk. You need to see the end to understand this point. Where were the parents? Oh, yeah, they're right here, their kids in the battle zone. 2. Special effects were good but sub-pair for Gamer movie. Legia and Iris had better effects. The best effect was shown by baby Gamer, who had the size of an apple. Not too impressive. 1. This movie is not what adults cow fans expect. The director was involved in the Power Rangers and it shows. It comes out as a cross between ET, Forever: Sunset on Third Street and TMNT. Honor if you know all 3 references. Rent at best or watch once if you buy it to complete the DVD series.
