Billi Chung Siu Hung (the damned Assassin from fencing from 1993), Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest boom products of category III that settled in HK in the early nineties. It consisted of movies with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less free and shocked. The love for killing definitely belongs to the category "more" with some unforgettable ideas and parts of the celluloid disease. HK psychopath Anthony Wong (from the award-winning The Untold Story Herman Iau, from the same year) plays a business man and husband who loves to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who is from someone he does not leave the reason and saves himself and his little son from a distraught torturer. A policeman (Danni Lee, a famous actor of the movie character, such as Dr Lamb (1992), Billi Tang (and director Lee) and The Killer (1989), John Woo to name only a few), however, sees the problem and begins to protect wife and son, but Anthony does not like it at all, and it all leads to a typical ultra-medium and graphic finish in the rainstorm. The film is almost completely without any serious merit, because it is just part of the exploitation to be redeemed when such films were so popular. Ideas and events are something that can never be found in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and everything becomes even more incredible when some / most taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversion witnessed by the child, break into these films so often Reading the posters made most of the viewers sick, which is especially suited for this film. The film still has a pretty interesting and dashing soundtrack in the tradition of the aforementioned dr. which practically launched the entire boom in 1992. Usually music and soundtrack in HK films are interesting and adds to images, especially in these terrorist movies. Also, cinema is worth mentioning because the film is batting, especially in the finals, in blue colors and camera lenses (as well as the Assassin), and the stormy storm is well caught on the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing to evaluate the film more than it is to the abrasion-meter. Actors and actresses are talented and professional and therefore do not make the film worse with their acting. However, the movie has the usual HK humor in it, which makes ill events even more sickening, because some "humor" throws in soup. This includes some jokes about the erection of Danny Lee and so on. Something that could never be found in western "serious" films. And this thing usually destroys the turf, otherwise valuable HK movies, because humor is so obvious way and trying to entertain audiences and masses. The movie has a very high level of scandal because it has numerous scenes that show abuse of Wong's woman in various ways. His husband raped and abused, beat and shot. We also see some memories of Wong's childhood that turned out to be just as violent as his own father killed and turned his little son into what he is now. These flashback scenes, mainly at the end of the movie, include some completely unexpected experiences as the picture accelerates (eg Shots of the ax) and creates a completely crazy and breathtaking atmosphere on the scene. Again, something that only HK producers seem to take advantage of. The ending itself includes a lot of sudden and shocking crowds as the lunatic keeps his ax and encounters some nails, for example, in his angry way. The movie is also really quite "suspicious" in my opinion. such as violence and terror, is really painful, and deals with things that NEVER should be taken as a party, I'm mostly thinking of rape. The version I've seen (I see two versions) includes a very long and completely tormented scene of rape that only tries to be as much sadistic as possible. I'm not sure whether the HK audience really likes these pictures, but I do not think anyone with any sense of morality in movies / entertainment would ever accept or do anything like that. Women are brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and subtle ways, so that the fate of men seems almost pitiful to women. The second version I've seen, the recently released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this "brutality of the table" scene in a much longer form than a titled DVD with titles that are otherwise identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from the two and since the final credits are filled with scenes and images that are not found in the movie, it's impossible to say that the "uncut" versions are published or shown theatrical. Obviously a lot of shots were cut, probably even before being released into the theater. The film was written by Lav Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the first to write films like Dr. Lamb, The Untold Stori and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but from his other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most expensive. Doctors Lamb and Untold Stories are very brutal and violent, but they also have some attempts to criticize the authorities and people in general about how easy it is to turn into a beast when it fights or fights one. Disturbing images of torture "Untold Stories", a victim who is a criminal, is very strong and definitely has an impact on the change of something that can be rotten in society and among the police, for example. But there is none of that in Love for Killing, it's just a sincere, calculated and quick-made exploitation that, incidentally, was produced by veteran Kirk "Bureau for Organized Crime and Triad" (1993), Crime story (1993)! Love for killing earns no more than 2/10 from me because I do not have too much gratitude for such films. (HK) Cinema is meant to be and can be more, and movies like Love to Kill are just commercial parasites that live among the real works of art.
