Times are tough for Angel Tovn, the gangs are ruled by an iron fist and for reasons that are largely unknown (mostly because of unpleasant writing) gangs want the street kid, Martine joins the gangs, and beat him every day. However, due to the presence of the Olympic kick-boker (Olivier) of the world's worst actor "Gruner" named Jackues, hope is on the way. Angel Tovn is seriously one of the most sophisticated films ever made (and I've seen my part), it seems to consist of the idea that all the quarters that have devastated the gangs are needed, the French kick-boots that can not play. Worst of all, there are so many unfavorable moments that it's really hilarious. Best of all, it comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which basically results in how ridiculous it is. Vit: "Do you love fighting?" (Olivier catches his best Asian friend in the head) I could kill him right? When I want him dead, he's dying! The reason I do not want him is dead is because I'm afraid and I know that his son will kill me and a woman will kill me, so he does not die! "Of course, the fact that it is wrong to kill someone, let alone your best friend, is, of course, omitted from the equation. Strange. However, do not let me make this sound that I hated this movie, far from it, it's so terrible it's priceless. The biggest laugh comes to an end in the disastrous final where Grunner goes to one with the gang members who (the biggest film gap) reduce the use of the gun. Also, a disadvantaged veteran from Vietnam helps by firing machine guns on gangs, while Gruner inserts others. It all sounded like a terrific "Mexican" accent and surreal energy, which makes this unforgettable for film busters like this. Another treat about this film is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never attends college, despite being the main reason she is here in countries, not in France to deal with her girlfriend ( At the graveyard in the awkward beginning of the film). laugh with moronic martial movies with crazy actions that do not make sense at any level, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand, make sure to drop the tequila, such as the details of the funny opening of the song "Aan no merci and Angel Tovn". From 4- (Bad)
