"The Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie as such, but it's a short series of pics with a comedy theme of the showdown. This film was given to Richard Lester who recognized him and opened the way to directing the first Beatles film: 'A Hard Dai's Night'. Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. The film was named "Running, jumping, and standing film", and his goal was to be watched only by those who helped in his production, since Lester and his partners watched the film only for a small amount of money. The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment for the operation of the camera, and the film cost £ 70 and was filmed in a sepia- All the recordings that were filmed were included in the final production, while the finished production lasted eleven minutes. Running, jumping and standing Still Movie is a comedy about English Sundays and little hobbies that people are working to go through the team e. All the events in this film take place in the field. Some of these comedy events include a woman rubbing the lawn, a man running around a needle-hole to record a record, a photographer who is developing a movie in the lake, the artist helped to figure out the numbers on the face of the model, a man built a tent, an athlete running across the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a pistol. Not only does the movie entertain in the hobbies that people work to separate time, but also amuse themselves in English culture compared to American culture. Another of the several events in this film includes a group of men and dragons, built outside the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps inside the dragon while other men try to fly it, and the dragon breaks. According to Neil Siniard, film author Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as less power and technology compared to the United States during the space time. According to this scene, the British fly to primitive dragons, while Americans, the world power after World War II, fly high-speed missiles and space shuttles.
