There is nothing cool, hip, or clever about this movie - he loves it just reveals the ignorance of a real artistic film. How can you so easily forget that the central fact of this film is that you are middle and ugly people. . . SERIAL SCORES! If they have to break the total foreigners in order to "be a family again", then we do not want to be a "family". Which part of it did you have to catch? Why applaud this dirt? This silly dirt is what you do if you can not do art! One's head and life must be deeply empty to misinterpret this shallow evil as "interesting". This is a brainless camera. What really makes the artwork cool is the depth, questioning the status of a house from a perspective informed about the knowledge of history (or, in this case, it would be better to know anything!). Instead, this is a random accumulation of the most arcuate images available in the world in melting, thanks to just some empty malice that is celebrated as "cool cause it's OUT so far, man!"). These same violent events are actually happening every day. They are not "just in the movie". They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to YOU. Do you want to do things? A child could imagine this, it required zero imagination, NOT surrealism. This lazy shit has no content, does not say anything - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it does not say anything new, nothing we do not already know. It's "new imperial clothes," the director said, hoping to have enough uneducated children, proud of his inhumanity, that this messy dirt flies. Now I see the demented fans of director Miike: drinking teens and twenties are drunk in tattoos, with metal hanging in holes, and their knowledge base is inversely proportional to their intelligence. For this, there is no pay - it's just an ordinary exploitation of shock-value violence. There is no "hidden meaning" in this poorly-made film anywhere. It's okay to explore a movie if you can find movie devices that are geniusly artistic, but you can not reveal the hidden meaning if you are not there! To do what you need to look at and view REAL part of the cinema. There are many there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosava, Linch, Tarkovski, Peter Greenavai, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shiamalan, Ordet. Why do not you look at REAL art film from those giants? This director, Miike, NEVER will not make a movie equal to the geniuses I just mentioned, because he simply has no talent! Anyone could sneak some chaotic shit like "Visitor K." Teenagers could collect it for one afternoon! There is no message, no sense, no complication, nothing for it. There are long lists of ART films for learning - but THIS "Visitor K" is NOT an artistic movie in any way. No content. It's just one banal horror piled on the other, and the point to remember about these terrible crimes is that these things happen every day, somewhere in the world. They are wrong because they are "just in the movie". They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to YOU. Do you want to do things? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about such terrible events. There are sooooo so many art films that use your mind to deconstruct, but you lose your talents with this piece of shit. No deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why Continue Trying? I spent almost 40 years watching virtually every film ever made, and following all the new ones, but I never saw anything so disgusting as senseless as this. It's not imaginative or even shocking, because such events happen every day around the world. In order to make this film, or even to positively consider it, has caused over 50 young aviators who do not know better to think it's "cool". They can grow up thinking that, by persuading others, some of them can finish the actions of this thing - convicted killers often discover that they have begun just that way, by becoming insensible to the horror of this terrible inhumanity. Trust me in this, - I know cool, and cool this piece of shit AIN'T. Visitor K has the feeling of a real SNUFF movie, and I'm not sure yet. Your work has consequences, son. The world is already horrible enough. This kind of violence could happen to YOU, or a socially irresponsible director who pulled out this FAKE Art film. Believe me, you will not think it's "cool" when someone skips your skull!
