I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and that was a very disturbing and brutal 'Audition', which was a review of Japanese ideal of femininity! In 'Visitor K' - which I think means 'Visitor Kuestion' - he examines, in a very disturbing way, a family unit. Miike's surrealistic vision of a dysfunctional family is almost trying to be Linchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, are introduced to the bizarre series of scenarios from the opening scene with the father (Kenichi Endo, who was actually pretty good) who paid for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, as the father returns home, he strikes him in the head of the "visitor" (Kazushi Vatanabe) who uses a rather large stone and for some reason both end up in a family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) was beaten and abused by her son (Jun Muto) who were also beaten and mistreated by his schoolmates. When a visitor enters the house, he is somewhat endangered as part of the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, through the chest, killing and maintaining the sense of family pride. And there are other crazy scenes that are somehow approaching the family. It has unpleasant humor, but it is equally frustrating and stupid, and weird. There is a necrophiliac scene that is extremely disgusting, but in the end it becomes ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Part of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe that filmmakers and actors really do it! The style of the film is the weakest, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and while I understand it, it does not need to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these confronted characters and situations, because they all border with an absurdity! Working with cameras is messy and there is no cinematographic feeling that it's Linch's work. It is difficult to seriously grasp this film at a surrealistic level, or to interpret the study of a family unit in Japan. Miike seems to have been shocked, and the movie seems self-conscious that it "tries" to be shocking, and it becomes almost comical to take it seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a bizarre dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateur, and it seems unnecessary to shock. Miike's previous film, Audition, was thoroughly balanced between horrible horror, character development and technique - which established more intrigue in the way the film was made to allow the viewer to clutter the plot. "Visitor K" is a step down because it makes too much effort to be strangely bizarre and deliberately facing, without having much to say. ** From *****!
