I must say that was a little embarrassing for the 'king of the cowboy'; created in 1948, the image came out a decade after Roi Rogers earliest images in which he starred. Roi's character appears as a little clueless in this, along with his female co-star, Jane Frazee, who alternately lifts her loyalty to Roi and Robert Livingston, portraying Bill Regan's main villain. The whole story seems a little confused, with missed opportunities for what could have been a fun watch or something. As a legend of the "hangman's hotel", for example, which says that hanging was revived at midnight. With Andy Devine in the acting team like Cookie Bullfincher, you would think that the story would get a little mileage from that setting. Instead, you have some trickier procedures that would be better served as a Boeing-Bond movie. It was a sad attempt to spoiled the hotel's trick that rely on the poor old Geneva, who truly said she had gained more time for the screen than Trigger, who had a contract as the "smartest horse in the movies" had nothing to say about getting a pile of mugs . And then you have Foi Villing and his Riderse from Purple Sage who will replace Bob Nolan and Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but it was already halfway to the picture and I was still looking for Patt Brady - oh good! Still, there was another interesting item to be found here if you watched enough, and it turned out to be Roi's athletic disassembly of Trigger while he was still on the run from bad guys. Okay, that was probably a duplicate, but I did not see it in a few hundred october ago. Jane Frazee makes honors as a female lead in this picture, as in the four. other films versus Roo in the timeline 1947/1948. In the film "Under California Stars", she appeared as a cousin Andy Devine, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. You are never quite convinced in which side it will appear in this story, as it begins to pretend to be someone who is not, and to accidentally find the side of a good guy. The fans of old Laurel and Hardy movies might be surprised as I saw James Finlayon here as a Sint's sheriff. I would like to have a few more comedies written in his role, but he still played pretty well. I had to ask myself, when it was all over, why did he and the old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) finish in the Cookie mine when there was no reason to do so. Just a way to close it, I suppose, with so much thought as it went through to the rest of the picture. I hate to be so rough, but if you've seen enough Roger Rogers' movements, you must know that it was not one of his fine efforts. Say, Sintovn - I wonder if that's the same place that grew up in the City of Sins?
