Here's the game. . . (adv = advantages) The Varriors (Ultimate Varioor, Tekas Tornado and Legion of Doom) in The Perfect Team (Ake, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ake is the first to go in seconds when Varrior spins for pin (4-3 adv. Varriors). I knew Ak was not a healthy man, but is he so unhealthy, why bother him on the card? This would be his last PPV. In the end, both Legion Doom and Demolition work cheaply through double disqualification (2-1 adv. Varriors). Perfectly applies Perfect Plek to Tekas Tornado for pin. He then tries the same to the Warrior, but the Warrior does not sell it and throws it out. The warrior returns with a splash to trap Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 The Dream Team (Dusti Rhodes, Coco B Vare and the Hart Foundation in the Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Misteri Partner and Rhithm and Blues): The mysterious partner is The Undertaker, and he debutant effect, takes Koko right away from The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his exact height, weight and final move while pretending not to know who he is) making 4-3 Dibiase's team. Hanks for a needle (3-3) and his Career with VVF is over. After that, Niedhart is a victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. Dibiase team). Remove from the top rope, al and does not leave a silent attack on Brother Lover, the funeral goes to Dusty and gets countdown despite being not a legal man (2-1 adv. Dibiase's team) Almost immediately afterward, Greg is caught in a cradle Hart tries to put a figure on his four legs and and after a few minutes of nice wrestling, Bret gets his body crossed by Dibiase for the pin, and Dibiase is the only survivor .Hard Bar is well used. 6/10 Vipers (Jake ' Snake 'Roberts,' Superfly 'Jimmy Snook and The Rockers) in Visionaries (Rick' Model 'Martel, Varlord and Pover nd Glori): After spending some time in the ring, Marti Jannetti gets the power hit by Varlord while he leaves the top for pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). The snob is pinned in seconds by Martel who turns his body (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels was caught in Pover Pike and stabbed by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Now Roberts is against four men similar to his efforts in the Survivor series two years earlier. Despite the attack by Varlord with DDT, Roberts receives count after Martel. Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Series of Survivors who will fully survive as one. It's not worth much to look here to be honest as psychology is hurrying. 3/10 Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksav' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Varvarin and Haku): One Bossman slam eliminates Haku early in battle (4 -3 adv Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 of 4 after hitting the earthquake by being disqualified (3-3). Bravo begins suicide in his career shortly after allowing Hogan to hold him in his hand (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). The earthquake manages to overcome Bossman with two drops of needle elbow shortly afterwards (2-2). Hogan gets beaten up and finally Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at this time?), Croatia is about 30 seconds before it counts on the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. Varvarin inserts some nice attack, but inevitably is caught in a big boots and a drop in the needle's leg. Hogan was the only survivor. Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushvhackers) against Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Ekpress): All Merkans wore a camouflage face. Lightning quick pins here with Santana tightening Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 Adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik calculation. Bushwackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram even though Tanaka was a legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last appearance on the VVF PPV while Orient Ekpress is being repaid. Tanaka follows Sat when Santana stuns him with a flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite the fact that Slaughter entered the ring against four men, he eliminated Volkoff (who then ended his career), Butch and Luke in that row with relatively ease. Finally, Santana defeated slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hit him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, an interesting reservation, although the match was terrible. Santana takes a disturbing victory as the only survivor and becomes his last best time. 3/10 Eggs are moving and it's Hector Guerrerro in dumb clothes. He dances with Gene Okerlund and gets booed by the audience while Piper and Monsoon pretend to enjoy. Match of Survival: Ultimate Varioor, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana in Varlord, Pover and Glori, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man' Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana needles Varlord in seconds with a flying forearm at least to revenge his previous Summerslam defeat (4-3 adv. Dibiase team). Dibiase stops Santana pistols after that for a needle (4-2 adv. Dibiase team). Hogan ejects him from The Pover Pike and continues to attribute to Rome after a clothing cord, effectively killing Pover and Glory pushing (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan eliminates Martel by throwing Dibiase off with a pin (2-1 adv. Hogan's team). Hogan finally allows Varryor to enter the sword that quickly disengages the former Herculean enemy after the sprinkling. Very predictable ending to the point of nausea. 2/10 All in all, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect because the wrestlers almost waited for the conveyor belt to stab. Most of the fifth were decimated by Ratnik and Hogan, which is a bad way to get caught up with a large number of wrestlers.
