Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funnier women who were on "Saturdai Night Live". It is sad that they, together with Tina Fei and Mai Rudolph, were on SNL during the longest period of non-compulsory writing and drafting (around 2002-2006) the show had ever had. However, these two women know in particular what's funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. You will notice in this film that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story of "Spring Break", but who wrote the actual scenario, which consists of a dialogue and all the important materials that fill the void and makes the story multidimensional Only one guy has written a dialogue for this film, and no woman has obviously written a script with him. The result is quite a cliché's spring film that does not underestimate the freak of the holidays as much as the MTV uses each year. /> If Dratch, Poe Even the co-star Parker Posei could contribute to their script for the script, this would be far less cliché. The assumption is genuine because it's about thirty women who were unpopular in high school (and obviously college) who never had a fun spring break they were supposed to have dreamed of, I say "supposedly" because you never know what's fun to these characters. In the past, they entered the talents in which they sang pro-women's anthems such as "True Colors" and spent the night together holding pizza parties. Although none of them is particularly unattractive, it seems that the outside world treats them as if they were. There is a scene in which a blind pupil of Poehler (played by Poehler's real-life husband, Vill Arnett) asks for a meeting, only to touch her face and immediately change her mind. If Poehler's character should be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. The movie continues to promise, although we doubt the main characters, when Posey's boss, Texas Senator Kai Bee 'Hartmann (Jane Linch, as funny as ever), hired Posey to watch her unpopular daughter (Amber Tamblin, playing another woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in this movie) goes on a holiday in Laguna Beach for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch come together, they reluctantly leave, entertain as they should have had when they were in college, and then comes the ultimate accusation with sister-in-law women led by Sophie Monk. Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has body and women and men who would kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career began roughly starting with the disgusting "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here, she plays the southern white, though her voice sounds like she stole the Delta Burke voice box. He's too sore, he's too busy playing some bitch's bitch, as if he's the same as a caricature of spoiled college like other stats. "Spring Break" was released directly on DVD in spite of star power Ami Poehler, but rightly because the story is too cliche. Perhaps it was also called "Spring Lampoon's Spring Breakdown", and the magazine probably would not sue for violating a trademark for free publicity. If the director Shiraki gave at least one woman a creative contribution, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would be great, not just like the millennial comedy we had seen before. I know Dratch will come up with another fun concept, and I hope he will be allowed to fill the rest of the script. She's ridiculous enough, and she deserves better than this half-comed comedy to take Stifler's brother open-handed.
