This has been damaged by potentially large interruptions very short. The starting match was the scattering of Legion of Destiny, but I think the only way they could have been eliminated by Demolition was the double DK. Остается, г. Perfect would have to put overtime. Kerri von Erich, I-C champion, is lost here. And this is the third place in the series where Perfect is jobbed. Remember, before that, he never lost his sword. The second match was very good, probably the best. Ted DiBiase and Undertaker were great, while Jim Neidhart had one of his most prominent VVFs, trapping Honki Tonk Man. Коко Б. Vare continued his tradition to first put on a new heel (remember Big Bossman and Iocosun?). This was a hint of Bret Hart's career individually, having returned from a two-to-one and almost survived the match. He and DiBiase have put into the clinic, which forgets that DiBiasa's duel is a boring confrontation with Dusti Rhodes. Although the visionaries are the first team to survive all his members (and only the second since '87, when four survived), this match was not skuash. This was the longest night of the night, and Jake repeated his performance in '88 when he was alone against the four men and dominated. I think he could get upset. These days, the match would end in reverse. One of the shortest SS games ever was one of the most incredible. Probably the most indispensable wrestler ever, Tito Santana was an inspirational wrestler of the night, putting him in battle colors and driving Boris Zukhov, Tanak, and even Varlor into the final sword of survival. It was so strange that I saw him overdoing him, and then he returned immediately to his central career. Sgt. Slaughter also walked well, ridiculing Volkoff and Bushwacker, but that was not a surprise. Tito was. I think the only point in survival was that Hogan and Varrior win together at the end. This show was boring and the matches were too many. short. The Undertaker debut was cool, but Tito Santana is the reason I will remember this.
