I have never read the novel Gary Paulsen, Hatchet, for whom 'A Cri in the Vild' is an adaptation, so I can not make any comparison with the book. I will, however, say that this film itself, adaptation or without adaptation, was an underdeveloped adventure that does not give any explanation for several characters. Think of the 'scream in the wild' as a less lavish, teenage hiker (it was Kuinci, California, is this the only one shot?) version of 'Cast Avai'. Jared Rushton is a 13-year-old Brian Roebson, and the kid started a small plane to visit his father, until the crash crashed into a deserted mountainous terrain, leaving the child to stay long and defend himself. > Basically there are three parts of the film. Apparently, the introduction of ten or fifteen minutes of characters, namely Brian and his mum. The next third of the movie (which really consumes almost all the movie) is Brian's "rude". These scenes do not contain particularly incredible action, nothing spectacular except a lot of beautiful cinema of the beautiful landscape of Iukon. Nothing to put you on the edge, without real encounters (except for a fierce confrontation with a cub), and without major dilemmas that would initiate some sort of enjoyment or connection with the character on the screen. Perhaps you are even briefly bored with time as we testify to Brian who deals with his situation through first, primitive means, and then even better (using tools, etc.) for his survival. It's more like the usual time that passes if you're actually stuck in a situation, and that's pretty much about it. In other words, they did not put any flesh on Paulsen's words when they were translated into a visual medium. And, of course, the third part of the film is his rescue. There is a sub-assembly that constantly strives to become known during this time, however. Some conflict between Brian and his parents who created a stony, clumsy relationship between them. However, this is mainly explained in short, interrupted, minimal dialogues that look more like a story for a musical spot. Every now, a singer from Jefferson Starship, he should start singing "Sara". In addition to what the viewer can draw from implications, or to guess for his need to fill the voids in narration, we get a very underdeveloped story which was probably necessary to enjoy at least a part of this film and create a relationship with the characters, whether it really had anything to do with it with Brian's adventure of survival in the third part of the film. These are the drawbacks in the narrative that are soured through the viewer as he struggles to find out what the people on the screen and for me do, almost to the point of screaming on television to say something and telling me more! For me it certainly was not a good adventure story. But for the fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the last few films he made. So watch out for nostalgia, if nothing else.
