Six at the price of one! So, it's time for bonners. Is not it? This is not about one or two, but about all six-love stories, an ensemble of top stars of Bollywood, as well as all the stories in the genre of your favorite top directors Johar, Bhansala, Chopra, and so on. You'll see every damn kind of love story you've enjoyed or tolerated for years. So, nothing for you. Do you need more than this? No, sir, thank you. Why, sir? Enough is enough. Please, spare us. They signed every top star they managed to sign, whether it was necessary or not, so they ended up in the star's circus, believe it or not. Overwhelmed Everything shown here is exactly as prescribed in the Bollywood textbook of romance. In addition, you have to justify the length given to each story, because each has stars. So, it's too long for three hours plus. Gags are film. The characters are film. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? Yes, you guessed, again. film-tested and tested. The same hundred dancers play in colorful costumes in the background. Why do they have no other business? All couples are cute-sweet, fairy-tale, picture perfect. They're all good. Every story begins in a perfect way and therefore should be completed in this impossible way? Too accidentally. You can not connect to one story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. A bloody false, unreal, escapist abnormal tale was considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian film. What kind of humiliating the sensibility of today's audience? Yes, it could have been a parody if he only paid tribute to love stories about past years, but unfortunately this thing is not explored. At least director Nikhil Advani should try an unconventional, unconventional love story, but what will happen then with the tradition of life to the mark of a commercial brigade? Oh! Somebody has to continue, no. Imagine that on the one hand the audience can hardly pass through such a love story and here we have six times pain. I mean the six damn stories. I think twice in the fun of Choprin Mohabbatin (Year 2000) In this age and time, get something real, guys. Now we desperately want to see some not very colorful people and not so great stories. Oh, what did you say right now, it's fun. My advice, please do not waste time reading such reviews. Go instead, have another such party! Thank you.
