After I only saw half the film in school in November, today, I saw that it was on the Flick channel and I decided to look at it to see the rest and write a new review about it. The book on which the movie is based, Hatchet, is fine. Still, it's a terrible adaptation. Terrible (and I mean horrible) acting, bad dialogue and average cinema make this horrible adaptation of Hatchet. The film begins with Brian who is a cliché image of a teenager in the late 80's (a sportsman, headbutt of cheap rock music from the '80s) and his mother riding in a car to board a plane to fly off to see his alienated dad (his parents are divorced ... now there is a dramatic pause.) Now Brian is forgiven of mum and dog and flying to his father. The pilot is a fat, ugly, rude man (he was not like that in a book) who after 2 minutes had a heart attack and died in the air. The book explains in more detail when the pilot has more pain and seemed to have been in the air much longer before the pilot had a heart attack. The plane (in two more minutes) went empty on fuel (leaving us, the viewers, to assume that he was there for hours, although the sun did not change the position and that the landscape looks exactly the same.) Now he landed. This is the point in a movie where everything is much different than in a book. The book said that his jacket was torn into pieces, but in the movie it's perfectly fine without tears or ricks (it looks like he just bought it), he never said he climbed the mountain, saw the wolf and fell asleep up there on the mountain , he never said that he was attacked by a bear (he said los, but not a bear), never said to eat a few insects that he was working, never mentioned another tornado, or that he learned to scream them, and eat them, or that little trap for a fish farm he makes (destroyed by one of the tornadoes), nor even mentions that he has injured the ribs of j one of the tornadoes. No Even you do not think you can call what is shown in the movie Tornado. It was all only a storm that had knocked down several of his things. My favorite part of this camp was Bryan's lame flashbacks (which are never mentioned in the book), especially the cliché scene of Brian's awakening. up, walking to the window and seeing his father (with all his stuff packed so that everything could perfectly fit only at the back of his truck) going out and screaming "DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD !!!!" (of course, his father did not hear him even though he was just in front of him) and hit the fist through the window (vtf?). The end is the only thing close to the book (I said close.) In the book, I think that one of the key things the rescue pilot told Brian when he landed was "you are the kid they were looking for!" They stopped several months ago. " .. "they still left that line in the movie. There is a pathetic epilogue with Brian (somehow without counseling or therapy) that goes back to normal with my family. I think we should assume they were assembled at Thanksgiving (since they had a pair on the counter). Then his temporary home is shown (for which, in the film, it looked like three days, but in the book it was in a few months) and his ax, still on the tree where he was left (also did not happen in the book), shows where he cut the message so perfectly made: "DOM" (gd if we really needed to believe that it was crawled to fit perfectly with that ax?) No quote can lift this movie better than when Enid of Ghost Warl said: "This is so bad that it went well and that it's bad again. "The perfect description of this movie. I would not recommend it to someone (who did not read the book) and just wants to watch a movie, not someone who read the book (because they will be disappointed and boring until death. For those who read the book, leave what your imagination created as a movie. This is terrible and will ruin your thoughts on the book. / / 1/10
