I've been waiting for this movie for a long time. Especially because Juhi Chavla is in this, she's a great actress. This film contains six stories. The new concept flew from Hollivood. So this is not a new item. 1. Khamini (priianka chopra) is a dancer. She wants to celebrate and invent a boyfriend so that the journalists are interested in her. But then Rahul (Salman Khan) appears and claims to be her boyfriend. Priyanka Chopra is still not a good actress. When she cries, I get nervous. Salman Khan can not play comedic roles. But in his serious parts he is wonderful. 2. Vinai (Anil Kapoor) is married to Seema (Juhi Chavla). He comes in a crisis in the middle ages and attracts much younger women, forgetting what he really has in his life; his wife and children. Anil kapoor en Juhi are naturally born actors / actresses. They're great. But this story is thin for them. 3. Shiven (Akshaie Khanna) will marry Gia (Aiesha Takia), but he cools and blows up the wedding. 4. Ashutosh (Joh Abraham) is married to Tehzeebom (Vidia Balan). She got an accident and lost her memory. She no longer knows she loves her husband anymore. 5. Raju (Govinda) is a taxi driver. She meets Stephani (Shannon Esrechovitz), a white man who is in love with an Indian man, but she's about to marry the Indian. Raju must bring Staphany to this man, but he falls in love with her. I never liked Govindine movies. He's very boring, he's not funny. But I loved this film very much, as if he had grown up in recent years. 6. Oh yes! Sohail Khan is here! He plays Ram Daial who is just married to Phoolwati (Isha Koppikar). She wants to take serious actions with her, but every time a family arises. Sohail Khan is not a handsome actor, but he's ridiculous! I love his films. Here's the problem. All these stories are not interesting. Making one story out of six interesting stories does not make the whole movie interesting! Here and there stories touch each other, but they are not significant for the characters. My conclusion; Priyanka can not work! Release that woman in the bollywood industry. Sohail Khan should shoot more movies, and his role for him was too small. Salman Khan can not play comic roles, but serious films. It's written in his life as an actor. This film is bullshit, and it's the scatter of good actors and actresses like Anil Kapoor, Juhi Chavla, Akshaia Khanna and John Abraham. Bachchan, and you just let him sing the lullaby.
