Another great star, another Glamor set, another prominent director, another movie filled with songs that are at the top of the chart, but unfortunately what's missing at the end of the day is a story that every viewer expects from such a big budget movie. So much of a hybrid is what is about the film before the red carpet is first premiered. Hyper who went to the extent that Anil Kapoor predicts that the film will be one of the most beautiful love stories ever recorded after Dilvala Dulhaniia Le Jaienge. So Anili, what kind of movie did you talk about? The film's action is about 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a completely different attitude towards life, but despite their different approach to life, they all have a common problem, that is LOVE. A truly, attractive theme. But we a little expected that the film would be so boring that it would lower the audience's last expectation of such a multistarrer movie. These are some kind of films I totally upset, because after spending a lot of money on a multiplex, I locked myself in the theater for four hours just waiting for agony for the climax. Trouble start from the very beginning. . The director is so confused with the plot that somewhere he even gets confused about how to share a time slot with six different actors. Some of the couples, such as Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan- (Whoever the woman is the opposite) simply does not make sense for their existence in the film. Salman (who calls himself a raul in a strange way for the entire movie, and something like Rahmaoooool) again and usually tries to cool down with his Vida by some Hindi accent. Hey, Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is married, he gets away from Abhishek to improve his acting skills. Simple striptease would not be a hit for the film every time. And Anili stops shaving a beard or you look like a eunuch. And pushing a girlfriend of your daughter's age just looks like a disturbing look at Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And I ask Nikhilji to avoid putting such superfluous scenes into a movie that is completely unnecessary for the recording. Another major drawback in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. . Each story seems to have been taken from various flicks compiled in the sadistic parcel Salaam-E-Ishk. Bollivood still has a lot to learn from movies such as Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of engraving different unrelated sequences to create the perfect blend of the story. Somewhere while I evaluated the pre-release Film reviews predicted that the movie would not be good because the title of the film is reduced to number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology. But I fully take up my position saying that the film will not collapse due to its numerological shortcomings, but because of the innumerable mistakes that existed in the film. And when a director such as Nikhil Advani can make such big mistakes in the whole story of the movie, every miracle would not save the film from bombing at the Bok Office. My suggestion for all of you is, avoid watching this movie at any cost. It's not worth the pie you're paying for the map. There are currently better movies on theater screens that are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishk.
