Who are these "They" - actors? film makers? Certainly it can not be an audience - this is one of the most prevalent productions in the air. It's a movie that looks like it was fun to shoot ?? Too much fun, nobody does any real work, and it almost always makes a movie that is not fun to watch. Ritter dons glasses so that they sew status of his character as some kind of doppleganger. from Bogdanovich; Scenes with windy lady Stratten are sweet, but they are shameful, look-guys-I'm having fun with them. Ben Gazzara deals with his usual smile with a cats and canaries in a futile attempt to lift a scanty plan, which requires him to continue with Audrey Hepburn with all the interests of narcoleptika at the insomnia clinic. In the meantime, children who are dealing with steam (a warning of nepotism: Bogdanović's daughters) throw out sweet and take some pretty disturbing pointers to 'love' while watching their parents. (Ms. Hepburn, relying on her dignity, manages to rise above the process - but she has a huge challenge to play herself, alright.) Everyone looks great, but what then? It's a movie and we can expect so much, if that's what you're looking for, it's better to pick up a copy of Vogue. Oh- and it must be noted that Colleen Camp completely upset, even in spite of her singing, which, although competently, is completely inconceivable ... the country and the western numbers are incompatible with the soundtrack standards. Certainly this is NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film was performed) had in mind; his musical scenes of the twenties could have been insignificant, but at least for a long time they were charmed. "They were all laughing" trying to relax from their good intentions, but nobody from Peter Bogdanovich - has a good sense of putting brakes. Due to the small tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovic - he even bought it from his producers, then he split it himself and bankrupt when he did not show himself to be popular. His rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic Hollywood stories, so there is no luck in criticizing the film ... there is a truly emotional investment in Mrs Straten's scene. But "Laughing" is the pale echo of "The Last Picture Image", "Paper Month" or "What's Up," as "Daisy Miller" and "Last Last Love," it was a thunderous confirmation of the phase from which PB Never did not show up. All in all, however, the film is harmless, only the loss of rent. I want to see how people are having a good time, I'll go to the park on a sunny day. For film expressions of joy and love, I will hold Ernest Lubitsch and Jakues Demi ...
