This is a sad movie made for sad people. I sat in the cinemas, splitting my hair, trying to break the chairs in front of me as the film collapsed from one to the other causing scenes. And behind me are people who laugh with laughter, which is why I asked myself what kind of films these people have to watch in order to really enjoy this horse. Nikkhil Advani has six stories without complication. and without interesting characters. The script is boring, he was probably drunk while writing this movie. There is no firm hold on any of these stories. Nothing new, anything that would keep the audience up and filled with dialogues that you heard a million times before. One of the stories is that this couple can not have sex because of a series of disasters that happen every time they want to. I mean seriously, is this story really necessary? It's not funny, it's not creative, but it just proves that Advani does not make sense to comedy. Another story (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on the man's disbelief and also ends up in the silly old sati-savitri pati-parmeshvar shit. I have no idea what this is about the Salman-Gypsy plot. There was no problem in the conspiracy that it would be a conspiracy. Can not take the movie Karan Johar because he has to marry Salman? Why can not she marry him and still take a movie? Or only Advani and Priyanaka want to prove to the world that it is actually true that female actresses can not be successful if they are married or are not allowed to act in films when they are married? With six actors in the film, obviously Advani cant produces the film itself. So, he fully uses sponsors like the Times group, shamelessly promoting his own Filmfare magazines. And also some brand of jewelry that women in the movie absolutely adore !! I came to the IMDb to give him the worst rating and I'm shocked to see the posts that praise the movie. This only points to the sad state of bollivood and how the stars hit the fans. With fans like these, movies such as Salaam E Ishk will continue and the worse will be hit.
