There are many problems with Salaam-e-Ishk, Nikhila Advani. The concept of a line that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English film - Love in fact) is going terribly wrong due to incompetent and shallow writing. The good-intentioned idea is suffocated to strike under the weight of one's own enormous ambition. The director, who is so preoccupied with his first major movie that he greeted, is outraged by the devices that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count how many times the device is used in the split screen in this movie. The problem is - what worked fantastic in Kal Ho Na Ho was the emotional excess of Karan Johar's school of filmmaking, but here, 'emotion' does not delight us with his appearance on the screen - no, not even for a moment. The writer / director gives us 'six relationships with one common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is 'emotion'? 'Honoring the Honor of Love' Without Emotion? And the one who goes on and on ... No, it just can not! In my opinion, the basic requirement for such a portrait film is not only that each individual story is "complete", but - in some way or another - follows the chart traditional structure with three acts (screen guru, Sid Field's paradigm). That's the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishk did not work for me. None of the stories had any depth, nor did the slides of the emotional ups and downs that were expected in mainstream Hindu cinema. Also, the connection between some stories seemed weak and very forced. It's not clear what Salman Khan is doing at the Aiesha Takia wedding. If he is asked to be present on the wedding scene for a neat finish, why not get a few more coincidences and bring the other two to the wedding? That would be tidy. But yes, some of the stories had plenty of promise. First of all, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chavla is trying to answer a very real situation - a crisis of middle life, but her journey is so linear that you wonder if it's really a problem. Similarly, the problem of devotion to the story of Aksha Khanna-Aiesha Takia is also true for life. It's just a little better. I felt that the promising stories from this mouse-mice were told from a male point of view, which is fine, but this leads to a reduction in the emotional coefficient of these stories, because female characters - in particular Juhee Chavla and Aiesh Takia - have all the depth of half filled bathtub. Was not this film supposed to be '12 different lives'? Now actors. John Abraham still needs to teach acting, while Vidia Balan is as reliable and as good as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written for him only, but sometimes he exaggerates the boredom of his character. Having received no local character, Juhee Chavla uses her charming smile and natural style of acting to conceal it. Akshaie Khanna is fine, despite the fact that she went insignificant in several scenes. Aiesha Takia does not have anything to do, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her performance with a performance at Dor. Govinda is trying to compensate for this HUGE error called Bhagam Bhag and succeeds to a great extent. It leads me to a more brutal trail of the movie (which unforgivably ends the maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priianka Chopra. The trail is irritating mainly due to them. But I have to admit them for their consistency. They are consistently bad through the film. Priianka might be the next queen of hamming - I do not buy shit that her role (that the 'girl') required to act over her head. Someone has to tell her that the difference between it is to be flattering, because it requires character and real punching. If you saw Rakhija Savant (who looks like an inspiration behind this role) in her interviews and Bigg Boss you know what I mean. I firmly believe that if Nikhil Advani took Rakhi Savant in this role and not a larger star like Priianka, the story would work better. False accusation Salman Khan is ..... well, Hannin Shannon Esra is less accentuated than Salman's. To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good directing touch to the movie. I especially liked the use of gray as the dominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chavla as a metaphor for the boring existence and bright colors that come into the story by the arrival of another woman. But will anyone choose to fear their house in different, depressing shades of gray? It would be an acceptable film license. But when the film lasts for almost 4 hours, it almost seems that the director is too busy to look at the audience in his 'touch' in the infinitely winding editing of devious sequences. Maybe Nikhil Advani wants to sit in the theater as much as it is humanly possible - he is a pawn, cha ho ho on ho.
