As might have been expected, Mazurski film made in the 70s would have been a counter-culture, sympathetic to hippies - and there are many hippies in it - and, of course, it's childish anti-authoritarian (for example, the Scene in Mexico). border, when Sutherland provokes a customs officer showing a little respect, and then accuses another of opening the luggage just because he (Sutherland) has long hair). Constantly the left could cling to my nerves that I was not prepared for it in advance; Sutherland loudly listens to his family and friends about potential film ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are about black people or Indians (it's unnecessary to say that they would be greeted with open hands in today's Hollywood). One of his film ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a war war, so to speak, in the middle of L. A. This is the stupidity that Mazurski is considering when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's friends' hippies mock this premise of the Black Revolution, and the dialogue that emerged is not bad; A little later, the Jew made a crash that Sutherland made a film about "masturbation and a black problem" when he began to talk about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter takes some crap with a PC on the stage with her white schoolmates, and everyone says, "We, the Negroes of the South African Republic ...". There is always a certain amount of self-esteem when Hollivood makes a Hollywood movie - especially when Hollivood makes a Hollywood movie about Hollywood films. It is, very, very self-sufficient, indeed. The scene with Fellini (playing) is more fun than boring. Mazurski throws standard floral children and anti-Vietnamese shit in the soup, and entertains in corporate Hollivood, but he was / is as much a part of the "false Hollivood" (verses from that song in a surreal war) segment) as anyone else; I'm pretty sure that he also makes false conversations at parties in Beverly Hills and falsely shrugs while shaking hands with people he or she does not know or dislike, but whose money he wants badly for his next (left) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair I've seen in a very long time (on a movie or somewhere else); it's the type of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if she grew up for a long time. The film is still relatively interesting despite its aimlessness, but in the last third, it is a little bit in the boredom. If you want to read my parody / biography by Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please contact me by e-mail.
