The concept of a horror movie made for TV is ridiculous and without words, but hey, it was in the late seventies and literally all the stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable, so why not use the idea of ​​a satanic obsessed dog? The plot "Devil Dog" is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn with the nest of German Shepard! Seriously, I'm not kidding, it's about it! During the introductory series, members of a kind of Satanic cult buy a female dog in the heat just to soak up Satan himself. You would have thought that Lord Thames had other things in his mind than having fun with German Shepard and then assuming the world of one evil puppet, but obviously not. Just like Little Damien in "The Omen," one of the puppies was taken to the family of a model and grew up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucki ?? this is the name of a dog? It is pure evil and it eliminates the boring neighbors and teachers of teaching schools in performed and darkly executed ways. He also applies his malignant character to a family wife and children, but he can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his hand in a lawnmower because he is "chosen". The whole thing becomes too innocent for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador looking for an ancient wall painting and gets tips from an old wizard who speaks perfectly English. I suppose he learned to live in isolation at the top of the mountain all his life. The director Curtis Harrington ("What's Helen", "Ruby") and the main actor Richard Crenna ("Wait till the Dark", "Evil") desperately try to create an uncertain and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain. Scenes like sweet puppies that spontaneously ignite a Spanish maid or dog avoiding bullets without moving cause a cry instead of fear, and even spooky music melodies can not do it accidentally. "Special" effects are pathetic, especially close to the end when Satan's dog mutates in the ultimate syringe of the shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really dumb movie, but it's definitely hilarious to watch late at night with some friends and lots of alcohol. There are fun short stories Martine Besvick ("Dr Jekill and Sister Hide") as a scary cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as an evil seller of fruits, vegetables and puppies. And, yeah, that boring daughter is the same kids who blow up complaining about their ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
