'Baptists on our grill' is the best film ever made. Now, if I've drawn your attention to that terribly inaccurate statement that should be a bit of annoyance if you say it, let me begin my brief overview of this sticky, offensive, pretentious and boring pile of trash that I presume to think about the movie. Firstly, the low budget of this stink is absolutely obvious on the basis of the very poor and inexperienced regime of Christian Vuiis, and the sticky, excessively perceptive and tough scenario of F. Mathew Smith. I really disregard the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon and some kind of anti-every other religious message. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of mormons and half full of baptists. It shows all the main characters and sample patterns that are Mormons, and which are so fine and perfect, yet they defend them evil, cursed and very condemning baptists. It shows how wonderful mormons are and how cold and bloodless baptists are, instead of showing some solidarity as it would be appropriate and realistic. I am not a part of religion (I am actually an atheist), but this has offended me, along with once again countless baptists. This shows that the baptists are very unobstructed and unwanted by the mormons, and the mormons are very acceptable, when again, in reality, there is mutual similarity / lack of competence among them. I'm sorry, I did not think I was going to a drunk. Another aspect of the 'Baptist in Our Grill' for which I did not care much was acting. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially from the female leader Heather Beers. Miss Beers is breaking through her role without any passion or feeling for her role, and I was not too impressed by Dan Merkel, who is the main character in this brilliant film, but I must say that he is much more talented or shows more talent in this film than Heather Beers. Whoever played the city sheriff was also terrible. Although there may be a little laugh in the film, he is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merklei), finds consolation with an Indian who always gives him the best advice on things related to the tribal way of life - how is it cliché? To make the situation even more pathetic, Tartan buys a poor, lonely dog ​​dog dog. Ugghhh! If you want my advice, stay as far away from the "Baptist in our grill". I saw him on the shelf and thought it was a cute and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was, well, a piece of shit. Rating: D- My Rating Guide - A + (absolutlei flavless); A (masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (excellent); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutlei horrendous); F (not one redeeming quality in this piece of Hollywood feces).
