I went to see the movie "Troy" this afternoon. Here's what I found out: Contrary to popular opinion and history in general, Greek men were not gay. EVER. This is clearly established right at the beginning of the film and strengthened every five minutes after that. So it's safe for American guys to see this movie. Helen of Troy always had impeccable hair and makeup. She looked gorgeous in all of her short scenes that, although many, probably all filmed on the same day, one after the other, and the director said: "Okay, now look good ... well ... OK, now It looks scared. .. well ... it looks depressing now ... well ... now look interested ... well ... now it looks nice again ... well ... "Most Greek and Trojan Men had British accents. Those with American accents could not react. The Trojans looked just like the Greeks, but they usually stayed on the right side of the screen. Brad Pitt does not blink The biggest line Helen from Troy was: "They come after me." Trojan music sounded remarkably like modern Bulgarian music. Brad Pitt's thighs go all the way up. Ahil had a young male friend with whom he was very close, but it's okay. They were cousins. It does not matter what history says. Peter O'Toole can tell the whole story with just one expression. or as Peter O'Toole in retreat. Greek men never touched, unless they fight, just like American men. He had exactly the same skin color ... Light Egyptian, Mak Factor. Troy had only three women. There were plenty of blue Greeks, which is good news for Brad Pitt, who would otherwise actually fall out of the game. In spite of its coastal desert location, the Greeks had an unusual ability to find unlimited quantities of wood for the construction of fire, funerary troches, Trojan horses, and the like. British actors look stupid with Greek hairstyles. Brad Pitt changes the expression only when the sun shines directly in his eyes. Greek soldiers fought steadily, but their clothes always appear to be Greek soldiers wearing underwear under their skirts. It is obvious that the Greek temples were always in ruins, even when they were new.
