Offering a murderous combination of horrible writing, terrible acting and horrible direction, it's a tossup whether the Kinyenes: The forbidden subjects are insultingly bad or just hilarious. Almost as if someone had taken a competition to make the saddest, sexiest Cannon movie. As if looking at the list of actors, including characters such as Lesbian Pedophile, Pushed Mistress, Porn Actress was not enough, it's your only chance to see Charles Bronson's policeman throwing his low life on the bed and take a dildo - but do not worry, it's all right, while the screen shouts clearly show that it just bothering him for information. After all, even if he is a little overprotected by his beautiful Catholic daughter, he is a lovely Catholic cop who regularly brings local Catholic priest Villiam O'Connell to lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensures the end of bad guys in jail with the most powerful For prisoners, maximum security can give them the taste of their own medicine. But that's what you get to tell him, "Look, I think you're a little unstable." However, when he later offered a bribe, he could cut himself: "I wish I could get this into your ass, but I do not want to dirty my hands", he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he just made the eater an hour of $ 25,000 and set his Cadillac on fire. Annal obsession goes to the title of the film: despite the poster showing a naked Japanese girl in a pornographic film, the film is the only direct example of the Kinyana / forbidden topics, such as English professor Alek Hide Wyita explained to a group of Japanese businessmen, We are talking about movements of the guts in a polite society . Bronson is not too old for this, as the introductory fight is too clear, he is too old for the love interest of Peggy Lipton, and she looks old enough to have grown-up children. A better actor than ever received merit when he got the right material, here he gave him a less well thought out character than a series of unheard of reactionary freaks. When he did not expand the circle of suspects, he accidentally dropped them to death on the side of the building. He is definitely not P.C. copper, with special indignation towards the Japanese - as if it was not bad enough to buy US firms, worse yet, they are doubling on a public street! No race minority goes without a flag, regardless of whether Black Macro or Pakistani hotel officials, without a police cliché, are not recycled, whether it's a boss who hits a fist on a table or a dead partner in meat (Perry Lopez and his spectacularly poor hair color which is so pointed out that it deserves a charge for the screen for everyone). Double parcels - Bronson policeman L.A. trying to get rid of the pimp Juan Hernandez, who deals with underage girls and porn-obsessed Japanese businessman James Pak? forever should intertwine, and then in the most incredible ways: after Bronson's daughter feels on the bus ("Some oriental type touched my holy saints!"), in the film idea of ​​poetic justice, Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. Half you expect the writer to stretch his head behind the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" Somewhere below all laziness is the call of good ideas, even if it is too blurry to develop it would ever be quite clear what this idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: Archie Bunker version, recorded as out -takes R-rated music videos of the 80's with an unusual and pretty lazy recording of a dock - Fin-up-and-blov'em-up finale that sees a small army of machine-shooters suddenly appearing on a free body number. The last Bronson is generally poor in various co-operations with J. Lee Thompson? and unfortunately, Thompson's latest film as a director - it's a bad sign for two underrated players who have never been so insightful about what the images said to be.
