The legacy of blood begins with the advent of lawyer Tom Duran (Norman Bartold) on the Dean estate, formerly owned by deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine), and on arrival he welcomes four children. his wife Laura (Merri Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) plus Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a recording of late dads after his death, a $ 136 million property should be shared equally among his four children; if anyone should have died, the money would be divided equally among others, and if everything were to die by the evil servants of Elga ( Ivey Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and a more world-renowned Frank (John Russell) would make money. Well, he is not pleased with a quarter-share of $ 136 million (which is nearly $ 35 million in 1971, which does not sound bad), someone decides to want it all for themselves and that long-decapitated heads appear in the fridge ... Co-written, produced and directed by Roi Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me on two accounts. To begin with, this alternative and much more frequent title is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an unclear horror film directed by Andy Milliagna '78. What I've always wanted to see is that both films are intermingled regularly, because they both have similar stories and when I checked out my guide on Cable Television for Legacy of Blood I was excited because he said it was a Milligan movie and even I listed him as a director I actually sat down to watch it and I heard the voice of John Carradine, and then I knew it was not the Miligian movie that I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is a simple but undoubtedly clear fact that Blood Legacy is a total piece of shit that is literally sick to watch from time to time. The scenario of Monson and Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, a freak of a servant who asks from his sister (?) To capture him, the strange set of Brother's & Sisters who are simply unsuitable and so far from the reality that any tension or mystery that a simple story could it is very missed and then there is a terrible ending that you can hit in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's bad pacing and it's just a small task to think about it. Please someone will save me because this is really bad. I could speak all day about how bad the Legacy of Blood was, I really could. Director Monson has either worked with a non-existent budget or, according to this, he was not allowed to run traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is badly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fear. The blood and the blood is pitiful, chopped in the head, the cut head, the scene when someone was killed by the smudge and the best murder when eating a person's piranhas. However, there are questions on this scene, so the victim is correct. There is a piran reservoir, right. The head of the victims is placed in a piranha tank, to the right. Pirahna eats the victims, right. The water remains crystal clear despite the fact that the victim had his face eaten, where is the blood? Technically, the Blood Legacy is terrible, it looks terrible, the sound is clearly recorded live and it's dim and it's hard to hear what due to this awesome dialogue it may be a disguised blessing. The act did not want to win any prize that is safe, the least said about it better. Blood inheritance is a horrible movie, there are really no positive aspects or if I can not remember it. Do yourself a favor and do not bother with this, there are many better movies.
