You all know the story of "Hamlet". I work. Well, the phrase "Being or Not Being" (and not speech itself) has been thrown into the country so many times that it is not very interesting (in fact, it was not so much to start with). In FACT, I think "Hamlet" is a good, but highly overrated game. Not even Shakespeare's best: "Julius Caesar" and "Romeo and Juliet" are ten times better, and "San Summer Nights" and "Otelo" are not too far behind. "Macbeth (crash the table, remove the drawers, and it will be reimbursed, OV!)" Not so bad. There are many others who are better than this at Shakespeare. I will not comment on the movie too much, but I will disassemble the extremely terrible episode of MST3K. Ok. . . Mike and Bots get a card game to choose a movie. . . looking for Hamlet, Pearl sends them this, iadda iadda iadda. . . and prepare yourself for the most ghastly science-fantastic episode of MST3K ever (though, I have not seen any CCs). The episode is terrible, because this is not actually a film, but a random, merged scene (I recalled Mike's line from "The Future War": "Maybe it's an anthology of short films, no goals") A lot of good cracks. I can not say the same for here. Rifi drops, the host segments (usually) are at best central, and when the movie itself (which is not so bad) is actually better (I mean, as a quality movie, not as a camp, like the "Prince of the universe ") than the MST3K version, you know the performance must be bad. I laughed (the last time I saw it was a few months ago), maybe eight or nine times. I tried and tried and tried to have fun - but I could not. Only an occasional line, such as "the boss of the Greetings of Queen Dilbert!" (and when it's the busiest episode line, well, ahem) - and occasionally, I think every ten minutes or so - maybe I'm even laughing. The second time I tried to watch it, I was not even laughing at a few jokes I'd seen funny before, and I simply quit forty minutes ago. The film is not horrible; it's just a German version of Hamlet. Actors are good enough, and although synchronization is not the greatest, this in itself is no reason to hate this movie. Four stars for "Hamlet"; THREE, THAT THREE for the MST3K version. PS: WHY WHY, MST3K!
