*** SPOILERS *** By gathering family members and officials of late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his last will and will, they were somewhat surprised at Dean's fortune, some 140 million dollars. The money will be shared between them, but only after successfully spending a week in the Dean's castle. It seemed that there was a confusion in the story when we later learned that it was really a lodging, not a week off, in a villa for guests to qualify for Dean's money because almost everyone ended up dead until the sunrise. The first victim of Dean Curse has nothing to do with getting and money from the deceased Christopher Dean property of local sheriff Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta cut his head in the fridge and then served on the tray to a shocked group of guests. Later that little cute little Chin Greg and Laura, Jeff Morrov & Marri Anders, a little pet, was found dead outside to float in the lake. The film has been picked up by all the people who are staying in the Dean's court. one by one until the killer is discovered. Then we have what appears to be a double twist in the story in which the original killer was suddenly killed together with the two of the last guest. The real killer ends up not only getting all his prey, but $ 140 million, but then he does not have to split him with his accomplice by working for him or her, giving him a poisonous cake that kills him on the spot. Br /> Bespise who did it, and the haunted house, a movie with actors of such immoral and irreconcilable characters that even the mother, and even less the audience, would have problems. There is everything you can think of in a move involving selective guests that include incest S & M sadism and, of course, double-dealing and killing with a knife, not even murder. You just do not care who guests spend to collect the fortune of Dean at the end of the film, hoping to hope that none of them will. Even the big surprise in the end is not so. It's really so surprising, because the identity of the killer is revealed to a film maker who has forgotten to keep his face in the shadows, so you really see who he is even before he is discovered! Then we have a plot-turn that eliminates the killer along with the number of remaining guests just to make the film a little confusing then it already is. The last twist, which you can see from ten miles away, was just to show how smart the obvious killer who almost deceived anyone to watch the movie.
