I rented a video "Teacher of the Piano", not knowing anything about it except what was written on the video box. I did it with anxiety because films that win awards in Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this is in the second category. About a quarter of her time, I found myself talking loudly: "This film is boring." About halfway I spoke to myself: "Where did I see this before?" In three quarters I understood it. In spite of his literary origins, this film is essentially Robert Altman's remnant much earlier (1969), and even better, "This cold day in the Park. Although the details obviously differ and Altman's work was more guided of the plot and less of the character studies, the two films are thematically identical.In this production there is nothing "new." Every aspect of it is done earlier: a character who turns out of control with an increasing self-destructive behavior ("Bad Lieutenant" Abel Ferreiro, 1992), a perverted and condemned "love" that culminates in an operative (near) scene of death ("M. But erfli "by David Cronenberg in 1993), an unusual brutal sex scene (David Linch's" Blue Velvet "1986), and so on. So I'm baffled by the fact that many felt that the film was" shocking "," fragile, "etc. It seems that this high-performance film was made exclusively in order to make the audience uncomfortable and clearly succeeded. However, I mainly attach such a reaction to the lack of experience in watching the movie. And while it is true that I saw the printed version of 'R-rating', I doubt that additional scenes could change my general opinion about the "Teacher of the Piano". Technically speaking, the film is not without merit. There is very good work with the camera and excellent lighting. Isabelle Huppert is responsible for the success and helps to save her from wasting time. This is the first of Hanek's films I've seen, and if I saw more, I would expect to have the same opinion about him as Ferrara: an interesting director, but not just another genius that makes it to others. Rating: 4/10.
