Elfriede Jelinek, who is not yet known as a household, is the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. Her novel has created a film that won the second prize in Cannes and top awards for male and female leaders. Am I a dinosaur in the matter of aesthetic appreciation, or did art become so humiliated that something is going? 'Goblati, kiln' is a favorite spelling representation in the UK about the noise generated by the Turkish. In the film world, Turkey is a monumental failure measured by bribe-taking or critical admission. "Gobble, gobble" and The Piano Teacher are perfect partners. The unpleasant horror of this widely acclaimed film can not be overstated. It starts very badly, as if it was forced to annoy the viewer. Credits interrupt incomplete scenes for more than 11 minutes. We met with Professor Erik Kohut, apparently as an alter ego of a recognized author, a stone piano professor. He lives with his rough and dominant mother. Dad is an institutionalized lunatic who dies invisible during what goes for action. Reviewing the Piano Teacher is difficult, except that his inconvenience is registered. What we see in a movie (and can be read in the book, as far as I know it) is a gloomy, exploitative, senseless story about an emotional pendulum that swings here and there without moving further. Erika, whose name is minimally used, is initially shown as a person with intense musical sensibility, but otherwise completely suppressed. Not quite, because in the early days on the two-step scene with its pebble mammoth, the end ends with abundant excuses. If the reviewer has to (pull) out the leitmotif (why not use the pretentious word if he did it easier), Elkina's violent mood swings would be that. The young piece, Walter, learns to become a 'low voltage' engineer, no matter what, and playing ice hockey in a few moments in his spare time is also a talented pianist. He meets Elrick at an old-fashioned recital in a luxury apartment in what might or may not be in Paris. In a glamorous manner, so much art, he immediately falls in love and begins to "cherchez la femme". Repressed Erika likes hardcore pornography, shown briefly, but graphically for a few seconds while she snips the paper out of the garbage basket in a private seater where she is watching. Volter performs great auditions and is reluctantly accepted as a private student of Erika, whose style of learning is characterized by distance, hostility, discouragement and humiliation. Soon she announces her love and soon haunts Eric in the Ladies where they indulge in a gentle punk hunch and incomplete oral sex. Erika retains control over her mistress. She promises to send him an instruction letter for further favorable exchanges. In the meanwhile, scary jealous of Valter's kindness towards a nervous student who literally has shit before a rehearsal for a future concert, Erika fills a student's coat pocket with broken glass, causing severe wounds on delicate hands that play piano. The next great scene (bypassing self-inflicted genitalia, etc.) has appeared flat Erika shares with her mother. Erika wants to be humiliated, tied, stunned, etc. Reasonable Valter, for now, is rejected and moves into the night. At the moment, it still has almost an hour. The spectator can only be afraid of the worst. Erika looks for Walter to the ice rink where she runs her hockey practice. They're pulling into the back room. Lusty Valli is not able to resist his hands pulling his pants. His "baby sauce" was soon ejected with other gastric contents. Ho hum. Rejected, but hooked, perhaps desirable to avenge the insults that so recently fell on the floor, Valter returns to Erika's apartment. Can you guess what's happening now? It's not very deep or hard. Yes, he becomes a brute while Erika becomes a victim. At one point she locked the mummy in her room and hit Eric, then kicked her face, sewed her and renewed her statement of love. Is I unfair in this summary? Watch the movie if you like, but I would advise you not to do it. Everyone can see eternity in the sand if it is in the right mood. I could explain a challenging view of the human relationships that this film broadcasts if I want. But I rather do not want it, because it's a cheap and nasty movie that calls for basic instincts and does not say anything. I should say that parental suppressed Erika craves for love, inexperienced him. in pornography, it is discarded by him inappropriately when he appears, pink and pulsing, beneath her nose, with a delay he realizes that she does not like being hurt, blah, blah, blah. He did not explain it, he put it down. She obviously makes a monster from someone who appeared superficially - but we all know that any man is a potentially violent rapist, because this is its essential nature, however much he tried to tell himself and the world differently. In the end, if you have the patience to be there, there is a small craft. Before she went to the final scene, where she was supposed to perform as a substitute for a dentist, Erika packed the knife in her bag. For Valter? Yes, in front of me you are. It pours in an area that does not endanger life and leaves. If a second prize in Cannes deserves, how bad are the remaining items?
