I've been a fan of all of Bill Maher for 15 years, but this film was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and go to church at my own discretion, which probably brings me into question with a lot of Bill's opinions. Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is equally negative. He is right to document his sociological aspects, i.e. One faith builds its holidays on top of the other and many wars have begun for the sake of religion (or, more precisely, from the malevolent appeals of men to the ultimate and unquestioning authority of God), but it says that it never looks at its positive side. Frankly, I think hell would be frozen before Bill ever humiliated and traveled to the poor neighborhood in Calcutta where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. Now, of course, she is dead, but she could easily visit a Jesuit priest in East LA led by Homeboi Industries, who works with young men typically with gangs and prison backgrounds to teach them career skills, remove tattoos and become a responsible member of society, or could visit the USC Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brought together some of the world's top theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to explore ways to integrate the poorest countries of the world's poorest countries into global capital markets and thus improve these standard of living for the majority of the people in the world who live on less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he will not do this because it would require him to consider evidence that does not fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it is much easier to resume humorous, superficial jokes. It fits into another big problem with Bill's film, which is that he never submits to anyone at his level or who is better than him. In this film, the Maher Cornell city spent most of its time talking to truck drivers in a non-denominational Christian truck stop service, at a nightclub with a Dutch boy who constantly smokes a pot, with the minister of the church in Miami who claims that the reincarnation of Christ is an actor playing Jesus in the theme park "Holy Land". What you will not see in Bill's film, apart from some superficial speculation with the Doctor at the Grand Central Station that religion has chemically changed the brain like drugs and that religion is a misconception of the tradition that happens on the masses, is any serious and questioned interview with professors of philosophy and theology from schools such as Notre Dame, BIU, or Vheaton College, who could easily rhetorically shake his head in the discussion on the issue. You will not see any serious discussion of any C. S. Левиса, Г.К. Cesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will not find any discussion of any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam) faith. Everything you get at the end of the day is a tutorial example of a slyby, snobbish elite from the west side of LA who makes a movie for their own kind and which has absolutely no understanding at the level of what is the other half of America who has chosen George V. Bush (twice) lives his life or the school of thought behind it. I got a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who owns his intellect and influence, this film was nothing less than a pathetic one. Anyone who is interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that indi documentaries usually bring, could find more stimulation in the old repeat performance of Teletubbies.
