I hired him shortly after I hired Ben Stein's "Expedited" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before I go any further, it seems fair to point to the following so that the reader can see whether I am prejudice or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the record. I'm inclined to enjoy Maher's HBO show here and there, although I rarely think that he is a source of humor. I do not care about his standing. But he also makes some good things in the show, and I loved the Politically Inaccurate, although he was still quite politically correct (which I consider to be negative because the term sounds Orwellian or at least fascist). As far as my religious attitudes are concerned, for simplicity I will say that I am a non-dene. A Christian with some attitudes that are objective, and some in agnostic. It is, as said, a bad "documentary" for reasons that many critics have not yet touched-even though those listed are valid. The reason he is not persuasive is not only that he claims to be the main point without others speaking (and his claim is not reduced to anything logical, but just "come, really?" What is not the point, it's just a matter. Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason why this is not convincing lies in his lack of expert on the subject. I've seen it about two months ago and just remember that he talked to one person whose credentials as professionals were mentioned if he was not a priest. It is probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with Masters or PhD who are willing to participate in verbal sparing, especially in the fields of history, anthropology or a multitude of others. If this is compared to Ben Stein's "Explained: No Intelligence Alloved," he will discover that Stein interviewed 30 academic academics, professionals, clergy, and so on. He works with different sources with different backgrounds. He also emphasizes freedom of thought and education in his film. Maher could easily point to injustices committed by theocratic rules over the centuries or persecutions from this. Instead, he idiotic speaks of secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as a proof why secularism needs more socio-political power !!!! (that's in the bonus features where he stands in front of Anne Frank's house, I mean.) This is the real Orwellian way to the head. He particularly criticizes Christianity for many meaningless deaths - which had their share, although far less than the majority !! - even without involving a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is dark because of the miserable file of secular humanism of the 20th century. Another obvious weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone who would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He chooses the weakest herd gazelles. How hard is it? How does the proof of the existence of exceptions move to deny the general rule? It's not like that. Wow, so people in cults think out of normality? How to enlighten it. Excellent work Maher! Again, it would be quite easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work to crush the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight in any war in which his country is involved. Beyond all this, he is not so funny here. Some of the clips that are "smart" in context / dishonest ways could laugh, but mostly work to illustrate how Maher's real contextual argument will not be upcoming, and even less convincing. He spends most of his time hitting Christians, pronouncing inaccuracies, and interviewing groups that do not allow him to really answer his questions. For the record, there are good questions that are sincerely sought by religious people and many should ask for themselves. He touches almost none of this. I have the feeling that I could much better answer most of his questions from the people he interviewed, but the whole thing stinks at the deck of the deck in terms of what is involved and what is being regulated.
