As with any movie genre, it has good gangsters and has bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have dozens available. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, it's probably the first one that appeared in my head still in some kind of disappointment depression about a week since I first saw a movie and I promise you, the last time. This film is "General", unrelated to the 1926 film of the same name. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that does not ask questions about the story (it's more than easy to follow), but about why the authors have decided to make this pretty bad venture. As "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007), two top mobs of "General" films are based on real people and true events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who began his long chain of crime robbing food as a teenager, and then moving to the looting of museums and houses as an adult. In the meantime, the police led by inspector Kenny (Jon Voight) desperately and energetically tries to prove only one of his crimes and condemn (or kill) him. Perhaps because the film was in the same category as the Wonderful Goodfellas (1990) and the first two Godfather films, I was expecting too much from the "general". But it can be too easy. It would have been a bad movie that I did not see the above-mentioned masterpieces before I was overwhelmed by boredom and his far-reaching rioting screaming bad scenes. Let's start hitting the movie just by looking at the style it's portrayed. For some reason, director John Boorman and Seamus Deasi have chosen this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly elements that belong to a full-color color film. Now I have nothing against black and white paintings, even those made in modern times. The "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent shot in black and white and it's a masterpiece. "General", made just five years after the "Schindler's list" is not. Cinema is also too exhausted with high light buttons that look very confusing and give the movie the quality of video-like video that I found simply boring. The filmmakers obviously went for a realistic documentary style, such as the "Schindler's List," but they did not succeed by making it too documentary and at the same time too similar to the classic film. The performances in the film range from passing through to the poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave a decent enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that even they became somehow depressed from the horrible scenario they quoted from. Sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to appeal to him for the crime of the 1940s, but it also fails because it is re-created too much as a contemporary image and seems incomparably unreasonable. But the worst thing that happens is that there is no character in the film for which I have felt any emotions or thoughts. In fact, for every moment of every scene, the only thought that went through my head was "okay? So what?" Tracks that could get in a better movie as shocking or horrible, here are boring and long-lasting. I did not sympathize with or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson because the way Cahill's character is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson only plays a common criminal and does not strike the impact obviously by Martin Cahill. If a character is killed (like always in gangsters), we do not feel anything. No remorse, no relief, no surprises, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I've been doing all the time for this very bad, very bad movie about crime.
