This film is ONE of the interpretation of the religion of Bill Maher. There are a few funny moments, and some interesting points, but do not enter this expecting impartial discussion of religion. This is what I consider the worst kind of documentary film - Everything is arranged in advance and arranged to give you the opinion of the director, instead of allowing you to make your own decision. - It is very fragmented, interconnected with clips from pop culture and media to reinforce this point. An interviewee is barely able to finish the sentence before being interrupted by the assembly. The only people who have the right chances to speak their mind are those who say what Bill Maher wants to say. When one of the Majer deviates from the gospel, they are edited. INTERVIEWS - They are intended to represent absolute extremist religions. From television evangelical television to the ultimate Jewish stereotype, to the chapel TRUCK STOP (Serious TRUCK STOP CHAPEL). He chose the worst money catchers, heavy extremists, and those who do not have the budget to say "no". And when he gets a good interviewer, he changes them. STEREOTYPING - All religions are presented as stereotypes. Muslims are particularly heavily affected. During the Muslim segment, he barely gives anyone the chance to speak before he interrupts them either alone or through the installation of suicide bomber pieces. All Muslims are shown through the assembly as extremists who shoot from a pistol, and none of the people interviewed have been properly arranged. idea, is not just presented to countless people who are not religious extremists. Bill Maher explains himself while the cuts of the destruction are playing in the foreground. This literally gives a message that religion is stupid and dangerous and will destroy the world. He also states that everyone involved in religion is stupid. With the mistakes in the film, there are some good sides, and humor, although very dishonest, is actually ridiculous. But knowing that the entry is in question, this is a very unilateral view, according to Bill Maher, religion. He does not reveal anything. He tells you what he thinks. 4/10 - Some good moments, but heavy hands with extremely irresponsible documentary style.
