I saw, I agree with him 100%, but I did not care about his delivery. He just came in as an asshole in a badly organized campaign for minors. Editing reduces abundance, etc. The camera will focus on it, and you would see 2 or 3 cutting operations only during one or two minutes of dialogue. Add constant microphones to the camera snapshot, which is a movie no-no. This documentary hits a subject with so many angles, so many interesting stories that the movie is simply that simple. The collection of religious fanatics is like reading a retarded child. So it's easy to be wrong. I mean, how hard is it that these people look like bags? To contradict them, just allow them to recite more than a verse or two. I love when he jumped back between people of the same religion and showed them that they were completely contradictory. Just think that he could do something a bit more creative. A part with the neurologist who talked about brain activity was never exhausted. It might be interesting to show the brain scan of people during religious attacks in relation to drugs, or sex, or ???? He could play more on the women who worked out the game Straight that looked more like a snuff in the new Rob Zombie. It could have been more in the history of John Smith, the founder of Mormon, who had a fairly colorful past. Get involved in science in. religion. One is a very methodical, very rigorous process for increasing confidence in theories. It builds on itself from the firm bottom to the top, a new layer at the top of the proven layer. There is a huge burden of proof at every step. The other starts at the top and comes down to irrefutable claims. That's right, because good? I said that. Okay? I'd say you turn it into an HBO original series? Every week, it has struck a different religion. It was the opener around one thing. I must have been blind. Good ole G.V.Bush ... no wonder he was selected. He had a religious majority. And well ... now it's a blind man who leads the blind. Bill Moier .. Well ... what can I expect from a guy who surrenders to Sutra on a beach at Nevport?
