Some funny bits, but come on, Bill! Movie? Kuoting Zeitgeist? Hold TV shows and interviews, but movie? I'm probably exaggerating, but what kind of unnecessary movie ... I do not know. I laughed, agreed, agreed ... this film is very confusing and inconsistent. Bill is a funny guy ... but also very brave ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. . But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be boring. I think that the main problem in this film is its lack of sensibility. It can only be a personal taste, but a comedy that constantly humiliates someone can not be considered true. He was obviously emotionally reactive in religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not reasonable, but the answer to it can not be reasonable. This will create unnecessary unrest. We can better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and he is earnestly trying to persuade the viewer that nobody knows anything, to the extent that the agnostic community is concerned about the lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility that he only knows he does not know is a contradiction while trying to insist that all religious thought is meaningless. I had big problems to see the parts of the Zeitgeist, the movie in Billy movie. All astrophytologically under the influence of non-feeling that simplify all religions as the same, it is simply disappointing. The Zeitgeist has provoked much controversy and concerned the validity of such valuable scholarships for Religious Studies. It is very sad that the wrong facts were thrown around without reliable scientific sources. Astro-mystical sources that all reduce to "the stars say that everything" seems to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is far more complex and philosophical academic than the defense of every single issue as "we do not know". This film is an obvious proof that postmodernism was able to simplify and generalize the main issues in human life. History. Watch the movie (has hilarious interviews and bits) but please do not act like Bill. You can not expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you make anchor comments in every other line. His arguments techniques are humiliating and insulting, causing emotional reactions, not rational and logical arguments. There must be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
