John Boorman 1998. The general was greeted as a great return, although it is difficult to see why on the film itself. One of the three films shot that year about the famous North American crime victim Martin Cahill (along with ordinary and vicious circles) has plenty of incidents and styles (the film is shot in color, but it is published in the Scope color in some territories), but it seems absolutely no impact and it only lasts forever. With the main character who threatens witnesses, car bombs to doctors, hundreds of people are losing their jobs, trying to buy a sexually abused daughter of one of his gangs in order to keep out of prison and nail one of his snooker tables. is still a popular local legend that is appealing enough that his wife not only approves, but actually suggests a trio with her sister, a charismatic central performance is needed in order to sell the character and film. She does not understand that. Instead, this is what is perhaps the worst and disinterested performance of Brendan Gleason: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest a local hero or the internal functioning of a complex character. On the plus side, it helps not overwhelm the character that is nothing but egotistical bullying, but is in conflict with a script that seems to be expected to love him and his antiques. There is a smaller section that sparks an interest when the IRA launches a hate campaign against the 'generals' and its people, painting them as 'anti-social' drug dealers just because Cahill will not divide his prey from robbery with them, but his provisional resolution is so vaguely filmed-something that has to do with Cahill carrying a balaklava and joining the demonstrators who are expected to be cunningly brazen-that it was just rejected. Things are more successful in the last third, as the pressure rises and his army decays, but by then it's too late to really worry. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doile Kennedy and the beautiful Angeline Ball do well in adoring role, but Hami Garda policeman Jon Voight seems to be more for American sales than a moral balance, compensating Gleisson's comatose incompetence of what seems to be a total misfire. Come back Zardoz, it's all forgiven.
