It was written by a woman, and directed by another. Vhoppie. Are we feminist or what? Fasten the belts, ladies, because we will enter the world of evil people and innocent, benevolent women. In this harvest, Trish encounters a guy in a recruiting agency that behaves, looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job with the hope that her nails will be later. In his office he even touches his chin in a way that the megalomaniac heavy in Bond's film touches a girlfriend only after he caught her and just before he is ready to kill her with Bond. A little later, the pistol / clerk walk Trish in a women's dressing room, harassing her, even approaching rape. Oh, you evil, evil people. Everything is bad, right? You can not even look for a job today without rape, ladies? Well, we'll show them! In this film there is some sort of divorced female club or something similar, which is headed by Janet Leigh who speaks for all the women involved in this movie when she says that "all men are ** t". She is groaning about how people are terrible; She was divorced five times. Now, seriously: every woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistics as an argument that all men are "bad" must finally have realized that an explanation can lie elsewhere, or? It must happen that: a) she is a bad judge of a male character, or - more likely - b) she is with whom it is impossible to live - former husbands were probably victims, or indeed there were ** holes then she probably got what she deserved. (Is this not proven by the Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Tailor? Show me the cute woman who so often married and I will show you how to get to planet Mars using only skates and ladders. Trish finally meets a guy who restores faith to men - but hold your horses, this type turns out to be married, and therefore proves BEZ suspicion that men are really all "bad." If it is not, of course, a kind old old seller of vegetables behind an angle that loves his wife even though she is still dead - proving that they are all men are "bad" except for kind-hearted elders whose penises do not work and "can" U s in fact, they get nothing, so they are forced to leave their lives in the Holocaust and eventually give women the respect they deserve. Even the male supporters are "bad", the black man in the employment agency is hostile, and the guy in the morgue is rude - and impolerant (bastard, * fucking * ... * sniff * ??) And what about this dashing, ragged ending? ... Just before the time of trial, Trish leaves a lawsuit on any of her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and can finally jump into the pool ... ?? What is that? Her jump into the pool is then - very predictable - frozen when credits start to roll into the role, while the music that inspires a life-not-revenge-not-my-husband begins to expand. Her girls are shocked by her giving up money, but they do not stay long shocked and soon begin to joke about each other what the heart attack Trishin Lawyer will get when she hears about this. A lawyer is a natural man. Evil, evil, terrible "bad" man, whose sole interest in this world is money ... Ah, these people; everything they care about is money; they do not know anything about higher values ​​in lifestyle purchases. I'm glad to have such films; they converge the sexes, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all indignant, selfish, rogue who will throw you into the world of poverty and will be the first opportunity they get. Well, girls, open your mouth and pinch your tongue in your girl's mouth. Lesbian Pover!
