Previous commentator Steve Richmond said that "Valk on the Moon", according to him, "does not cost your 7 dollars". In the end, I paid more than importing what is one of the worst DVDs I've ever seen, this movie or any existing movie. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD is obviously made of an interwoven master and that it's just awkward to watch on the move, the film does not have any distinctive features (except Anina's presence) in order to watch the ultimate Blu-ray transmission is worth it. Not that it is a mistake of other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen have a high score on Anne Pakuin's acting cast. Far more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill, despite an equally bad letter. The director's view by Tony Goldwin is nothing to pull, but Pamela Grey's sequel involves the most dramatic excursions of Craven's all out of horror or slasher genre, so you can forgive what you think is a bad thing. As I have already said, the only reason I was watching this movie is Anna Pakuin. In her acting debut, she literally played veterans of industry with at least twelve years of experience above her under the table. Although she is not far ahead of her cast, her performance as a girl who drives a piece like a brat and turns into a woman whose world is crashing around her, proves that Oscar was not a coincidence. For a while, I tell my friends that she will be the best choice for showing the heroine of my second complete novel, and the dialogue of seventy-three minutes in this film is another demonstration of why. This woman could literally act on the walls. Anna is on the side, only Liev Schreiber is approaching causing the audience's sympathy. Of course, his character consumes a vast majority of the film by neglecting a woman with an existential crisis, but he plays a furious reaction from a man who brilliantly feels betrayed. Viggo Mortensen also deserves the merit of displaying a salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a way, he is a negative workman, but he manages to give a character to the third dimension. Yes, his works, even after the whole thing exploded, are rude, but not many people would behave differently in his situation. Nobody wants to be the other man in this messy situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying here. Unfortunately, these are all participants of a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnating marriage, where Tova Feldshuh tells us that Archetype Mlinova and the Buna women who are the only ones who feel that life passes simply does not exist. Or writer Pamela Grey or director Tony Goldstein thought that I could put this line in the film without thinking about how the audience could receive it. Ana even talks about the audience when she asks Diana who she is supposed to give to anyone about responsibility. Still, the movie has a few things besides Anna's dealing with it. The original music of Mason Daring, though not separated in any way, gives the film a certain feeling that it is pulled into the displayed time that helps where other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that Liev is an excellent actor, putting him up with Vigga in a story about a woman who is forced to choose between marriage and fantasy. He is also very correct in the fact that when the film makes the scene of Lane and Mortensen softer or descends under the waterfall, he loses focus on the story of transgression and becomes soft pornography. The film seems to be utterly confused about the position of his story. No matter how many times I watched Liv's scenes again, I can not help but feel that it was shortened in the direction or editing. It does not have to be that their leaders are particularly handsome or nice, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or most developed characters in a piece, they would go away. Ebert also hit the nail head straight when he says that every time he saw An on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story is. The stories of a woman who is neglected and run into the hands of a man who seems to be interesting or even dangerous are dozens of tens, to the point that now even setting a story parallel with an event such as an earthquake such as the descent to the moon does not help. Despite the feeling of repulsion according to the manner in which her character's story is portrayed, Ana could also walk around with a neon sign above her head and ask the audience if they would not like to see the whole thing through her eyes. Although I am aware that it is difficult to control exactly what character your audience will find most interesting from your actor, it's like they did not try to try Lane and Schreiber. It would be good to advise lovers of these two to look elsewhere. I hope that so far my ramblings about individual performances will give some idea of ​​where everything went wrong. I gave A Valk On The Moon three out of ten. Anna Pakuin earned a bonus point with one of her best performances (and that's something to say).
