Tony Goldwin is a good actor who obviously tries to direct. It seems that "Walk on the Moon" borrowed from other, better-made films. The present story is happening at the end of the sixties at a Jewish working-class resort near Voodstock. The treatment of Pamela Grey's screenplay does not have much to do with it, so it's a puzzle for why Goldwin decided to deal with this film as his first attempt in the direction. The Kantrovitz family spends some time. in a resort. We see them coming to a small bungalow that will be their temporary home. Marty, father, comes only for the weekend; mostly works in a family business for small devices that mostly fix TVs. In a few days, the first man will walk in the universe, so the excitement is obvious. Pearl, Marty's wife and her mother-in-law, Lilian, spend the idle days in place until a "blues seller" arrives. Pearl goes overview and finds much more than shmatte; He gets a seller. It seems that Pearl and Marty have no sexual life at all. After two children, Pearl, who looks sexy and high in libido, is ready for extra fun. It is the basic premise for the film, which becomes a soap opera when a young daughter becomes a soap opera. , Alison, decides to play the cube and go to a nearby festival in Woodstock, where, the horror of horror, testifies how the mother deals with the sale of blouses! What should a girl do? Well, follow the big finale when all the parties are happily assembled with the bed of a little son when he is sick by an eye and the trader comes to apply some home remedy, and his dad is called from the city after knowing about the Pearl edition of the Younger kid. Poor Diane Lane, later went to make "Unfaithful", which is otherwise the ultimate version of this dude. Viggo Mortensen is a salesman who takes care of his lonely women whispering in their ears! Liev Schreiber as Marty, the husband of a horn, does not have much work to do. Anna Pakuin plays Rebel Alison and Tovah Feldshuh is an unhappy Nana who would like to stay in the city watching her soap operas instead of witnessing first-hand play in her backyard! Take a look at your risk, or pop DVDs in the TV when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to smile, or two in the movie.
