I recently had the opportunity to look at the press in Kansas City (Olathe, KS) of this title. It's hard for me, since I am an art lover, to report on the next, but the truth sometimes hurts, and quite frankly, after I go through this bug (I use the definition of slang - useless statements or writing) for an hour and a half, I feel obliged to I share (VARN) all stakeholders. Let's start from the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes is not so bad, a few laughs and decent development, but from there it's down. This is the story of a woman, in the mid-thirties, that (as a writer would have you believe) dissatisfied with her life and unfulfilled. The first major difficulty happens when you do not know the fact that enters the movie, you will not know when it suddenly risks all this, in my opinion, a very neglected and unlikely fling with a local vendor. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) in order to justify its action in relation to the affair it has, and when it happens, it feels, like myself, that it is only of a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to my mind, I hope it will let it go through the review and give a comment. This is, in my opinion, the first fatal defect of the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, whether you are a man or a woman, it will exclude you. Sincerely, I feel it would make a much better "blue film" - that is the level in my opinion that deserves the script. Another fatal flaw is casting, Diane Lane just did not work for me, and Viggo Mortensen is not a real man for work, believe me. The only saving bliss of the entire film is Anna Pakuin, the depth of her ability as a fine actress shining in places, conveying a subtle but very dull (I apologize for dichotomy, but that's correct) showing teenagers in the making. Bravo, well done. I will not end, but I was disappointed, because I am charged as a part of life romance ... one thing ... but such an end .... Well, if you were tempted enough to see this picture, do not say that you I did not warn, but it's better to look at you quickly-if this celluloid gets rid of it, I doubt it will take four weeks before it gets cracked. I would say we are waiting for a video, but free sex tape on most video stores have more fun values. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman did this, you think he'll learn after Ishtar. This movie was once wearing the working title "Blouse Man" and should remain on the stand. If you never wanted to go out on a movie in your life, give this 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth keeping in mind is Anna Pakuin, if you can get into the fact that you will find your mind in it or you did not take the garbage before you left home, which you probably should have been in the first place if you go to the cinema to see this. These are my two cents, for what it's worth.
