Seeing that the finals of the world championship in the snooker ended in a premature and disappointing way, Ronnie O`Sullivan defeated Greame Dott from 18 frames to 8 BBC 2 found a gap in his schedule and so he decided to broadcast the movie VALK ON THE MOON. without knowledge off I missed a few seconds of the title, so I did not have the idea that Viggo Mortensen acted in it and thought that it could be a cheap TVM, certainly opening with the silly Pearl and Marty who take their children The Summer Camp has such a sense of TV feeling though it's brightly lit (too bright) cinema as if it suggested that it was a movie movie and that it was not until Viggo Mortensen appeared like a hippie guy Walker I realized. it was a film release after one of Mortensen's status would not play in TVM, I think it's like a legend like Robert DeNiro appears in the movie straight to the video. Wait a minute, is not Bob ....? Some people on this website mention that Pearl and Marty are an unbelievable couple on the screen and I agree. I can understand why Pearl would attract an exciting hippie, but there is no idea why Walker would be attracted to the ordinary home-wife Pearl. The Sixties were before my time, but surely, if you have a choice between a hippie chick and a woman with a boring house, it's not a choice at all. Many people at that time took LSD so I guess it explains it. I feel that the main problem is A HORSE ON MONTH, is reduced to the fact that it is a romantic drama in the heart (Just as you would expect in TVM) with a few interesting past scenes, so why then include a rather explicit sexual scene? It is heard with the rest of the film and it's possible that women in menopause who had had more than 1969. I say maybe because the movie seems to be targeted at a teenage-age age market and these teenagers will probably be boring in the historical and social context a man walking on the Moon and Woodstock. In other words, HODA IN THE MONTH is trying to attract many types of audience, but will probably not like any of them
