from Dane Ioussef <br /> <b> Banda Thief. Perfect plan. Everything goes wrong. They're in trouble. The police are out. They are cornered. What will they do now? Sounds familiar? The film seems to be trying to be a combination of acting cast, "indie" film and theater. It is the kind of thing that actors like - it's the type of workshop or performance, because it's mostly made up of narrow focusing on actors acting ... acting angry, tense, scared, talking, planning - giving performers There is a lot of free order that all this really locked up. Trio cheated, one leader, one goon, one brother, comes up with big schemes of robbery. and the monkey key is thrown into the works. To the top of everything, there's a little "bender-bender" and one of the thieves is thrown through the back of the windshield. The police are on the tail and they stumble into a bar poetic (and lead) "Dino's last chance." Spacei, as a director, is trying to keep focus on the actors' performance and deliver the dialogue. He runs up to a vigorous passionate red cigarette that smokes and rubs Bogart. And he keeps all the violence out of the screen, really. I think it was a mistake. Focusing on intensity and terrible violent scenes would give the film an edge. The problem with the film is that it is moving slowly and suffers from misrepresentation in almost every role. Matt Dillon ("Drugstore Covboi" and "Vild Things") looks too young and too idealistic to be the leader of this gang. Gary Sinese seems to be imagined and deeply in the minds of an endless tag-along with these guys and Joe Mantagom is efficient as a traditional routine lieutenant of crazy policemen who is a thumb but he was not given anything to do here. Villiam Fischter is the only actor who is convinced in his role of meaningless grief that only wants to spill blood. Thieves are in a tense situation in which either they go to jail or try to make sense of an exit from Spacei has no ability to create much tension and sustain it. The characters mostly chat, they try to make sense of the plan ... and they are calm and too articulate. There is even a scene in which thieves play a pool with a whole swarm of armed policemen in front, ready to attack. At one point, one of the thieves even calls the police in front of the bar. Oh brother. Oh, get bored. These cops will either take them away or close them. Should not you be scared of the rogue, a little upset? In the meantime, all the right actions are going on inside. Someone pulls a pistol, a baseball bat, which leads to ugly conflict on the screen and another victim that happens ... well, kinda now. But ... Faie Dunaway also needed to spend more time with a dialectical trainer, improving her accent in New Orleans. Skeet Ullrich is fine in the smaller part. The police officer who listens in search of a box of matches in the absolute worst moment is a nice look. Like a scene in which someone goes through the rear glass. Dialogue is obviously trying to access David Mamet, which is profane, but never so realistic or inspirational. The movie feels like too much that it really is ... a really cheap movie with an actor behind the camera for the first time directing other actors from the scenario that "is not bad, but it takes a few more rewriting". Spacei shows that he is not a terrible director, but he misses some kind of feeling for "film design" and he seems to be acting only actors. These actors are all talented and could work with the material, but everyone feels unreasonable. As I have already said, the film really suffers from misrepresentation. I do not think the actors have made a mistake. I think they found the right place, but they put them in all the wrong roles. I think the transfer of some roles will help immensely. Having veteran mafia actor Joe Mantagne to play the pack leader, Gary Sinese, as an angry police lieutenant on his megaphone, gives orders and barks on his troops, holding Fischter in his "bloodthirsty head", and Matt Dillion as Sacrificial lamb. That would be a big improvement. When some actors directly manage, it works. I can even win Oscare for it. But for a long time, when actors directly direct, they tend to focus only on performances. Just shoot the acting actors. Sometimes it works ... but they need a good showcase. An excuse for that. The situation with the hostages is almost the same in real life, just like the stories of years, so it's natural that the movies about them go from point A to point B. There are several really great entries in this genre. Sam Spacei appeared in a similar film on hostage situations: "Negotiator". It will certainly not become a cult classic, let alone one of the 100 AFIs. Still, there are some nice moments. and personal touch, but in the end, it's currently a forgetful and kind of movie that would best play on a regular TV. It's simply not worth going out of your way to see. I give 3 out of 10. Spacei's second direct credit, "Beiond The Sea" is supposedly a better effort. Hmmm ... maybe it's true. You must fail before you succeed. Dane Ioussef
