I remember when this came out a lot of kids were crazy about the team. I guess I was too old to be excited and I was a fan of real martial arts movies and it always seemed to be a little bit cheerful. In the early 90's we were overwhelmed with programs like this. It seems that children feel like they can fight and be a powerful ranger or equal with these children at 3 Ninja. I think that parents and filmmakers eventually got sick, because everything we had in reality was whether children were going around and hitting everything. Many children's movies have some great thing they are trying to make and it's nice for your kids to watch and receive a message, this one has no message ... she only uses a million different things in less than 90 minutes. The film has no great visual quality, but would you expect it? The acting is pretty bad. Victor Vong is a great actor, but it was embarrassing to see him here. A short, thick, noticeable old fart like a mighty ninja who was just ridiculous. The children acted too much and the youngest ninja Tum Tum was perhaps the worst child actor I've ever seen. The film has a complication that everyone knows before reading the review. 3 ninjas ... that you know they will fight with a bunch of bad guys and win obviously ... \ t I'm sorry if I broke it for everyone. With all that, KIDS will like you. This film is intended for children and only children can enjoy it. If you do not mind your child watching movies about children who are fighting, it's a good movie to see them. If you do not mind allowing your children to see a complete garbage that has nothing to do with true martial arts, real acting or a period of reality then you've found a movie for your children ... I say children because I think that even girls will remember all the girls who are fell in love with Rocky. 2 out of 10 stars because I think you can make a movie for kids and still make adult enjoyment .. this movie has not gone a long time in it .. It's out of cheese and nothing original or unique and I would not allow my child to watch ... Kung Fu TV series is on DVD and there's a ton of great Shav Brothers movies. .. Why do not you show your children the things that will really entertain them, and not make them stupid on the road, maybe even learn some moves, and not just how to kick a man between his legs like his grandfather did on 3 ninjas ... no no no ... never hits a man between his legs ... never .. he does not like that.
