As you may have accumulated from the title, I wholeheartedly believe that this film is the worst zombie movie of all time. Acting, working with cameras, writing, special effects and everything else remotely connected to this movie is bullshit. People claimed that, although this film is terribly and dramatically produced, it comes through a witty intelligent script. Vov. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could count on. To begin with, why would the government tell everyone to get back to work when it's not safe? I know that the government should be evil, but it does not get anything by killing the entire population of the country. There would be nobody to rule! Another thing I was wondering about, even if the government ordered everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were zombies? Will the zombies hide in the bushes and snap people who do not doubt to help the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the end? That stupid guy Torch sacrificed his life to get a few zombies. He probably forgot that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And more, why Hindenburg says before he dies. Hindenburg was a rare event that very few people saw. Zombie danger will be seen everywhere in the country, perhaps in the world. He does not think anyone else will get a few shots? They managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when a soldier watches an exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind the curtain five minutes before he attacked the girl? Especially when the zombie could go through the door. It's probably something that would not be understood by an unintelligent zombie movie admirer. Every day I pray that God increases my brain's capacity for long enough to understand all the subtle nuances in the Massage. Anyone, I think it's interesting that this is the first film that has given me the desire for physical injuries of people involved in the production. Hey, Trent Hague, I'm calling you!
