... because 99 out of 100 times, manufacturers have lied through their teeth (or someone else) to force you to rent or buy their gracefully censored *. Shock-O-Rama's cinema proves the truth about it once again, with the release of "Feeding the Masses," a possible well-intentioned but extremely incompetent and sad entry into the zombie genre. People, this is not just shooting low-budget films, this is a VERY low-budget recording by a bunch of people who - I'm sorry, I know they have families who love them - never, will never be in Variety in any significant way. This is one of them, people, and not just because it's cheap. The acting is central, but I do not blame the actors; they had no direction. They had no direction because the script was half-zombie zombie fantasy without the feeling of true film narration. Characterization is at best poor, not due to poor dialogue and a steep direction. Did I mention that the scenario and direction are pretty lame? Are. No drama, no tension, no great moments of character, nothing. The entire premise of the government's suppression of the media is wasted on so-called "commercial breaks" and a non-dramatic story that reflects a rational analysis and clumsily breaks down to its ridiculous ending. Sid Fields would not be pleased. How would the government be able to suppress the truth about the evil epidemic of zombies if the reality would be visible everywhere? Why would you give him more than a fatal attempt? In the present time of mobile cameras with wireless access, what could they hope to achieve more than one or more days? Now, if something is concealed, like their own blame .... but "Keeping the Mass" never explores such possibilities. Instead, he deals with absurdity and badly organized events in order to dig up laughter and / or importance by asking his audience not to notice an almost complete lack of production value beyond basic film making equipment. Has anyone in this movie been paid? I hope that the actors did it, even if only for their time wasted on careers like this; At least technicians must gain some legitimate work experience. Even zombie fans will find little use from the "Feeding the Masses". Blood is incredibly good for non-budget users of your rank, and there are no special sets or unforgettable effects. In fact, everyone is eminently forgetful. KNB has nothing to fear. Even garbage such as Aussie's dead birth "Undead" was miles ahead of "Mass Storage". Excuse me, guys, go back to drawing plates, and take your deceptive marketing with you.
