First, a little summary. This reporter, Torch, is basically trying to get a story about the outbreak of zombies and finds that the army and the government censor him. A nice message, government censorship and all that, but the way the film was filmed is, so let me explain. This film is imprecise. The idea that somebody keeps a higher level than anything from George Romer is a sufficient justification for the reviewer to devote to a mental institution. The scenario itself is terrible, as if it was written by the sixth grade. As far as special effects are concerned, I realize that independent films have low budgets, and some of the effects appear to be acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here are tips: buy some non-flammable material, prepare a fire extinguisher and start a fire! Do not add it digitally and make it look like an explosion from the Nintendo 64 game. Actually, so to speak. In my summer theatrical program, cold reading scenarios, in comparison with this, Kum. I will not even enter inconsistencies. Find them yourself. What disturbed me most was when everything was over after shooting and editing, someone might have said, "Well, this looks good. Let's just let it go." It sends cold to my spine to even think about it, thinking that someone thinks it's good enough for a DVD release. This is not DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, this is not even a film school. If you would apply for a project at a film school, you would get F. No, not even F, more like F-. I would not be surprised if he tried to throw you out. I felt I was used after I saw this thing. Blockbuster and creators of this movie now have my money, and I would rather not think about what they are doing with it. I was the pioneer of some elaborate, schematic scheme in legalized thefts, and I do not think it was good to think that I went straight into it, looking at the last cover with nice memories of 28 days later only to find the movie Ed Vood would have looked and said: "I did not have much mario for this. " This movie is one of the most terrible movies I've ever seen. I did not see anything from Ed Vood, but I'm convinced this is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, the fact that you will be within a three-meter radius may give you a bad headache. If not, I still recommend you personally write to the director and ask for sleep at night. However, if you are a person who laughs about really bad things, I recommend that you look at it. You will not be disappointed.
