I often do not give reviews of a single star, but my computer does not allow me to make negative numbers. The initial titles tell us that we are already in deep water. Although this is a low-budget exploitation film, 17 producers are deserving. Not. Not. At the beginning of the story, the insulting husband Kenneth comes home to his family in a prestigious community. The house is a pigsty. His wife, Della (Kim Basinger), let her children rage every day. OK. We're already in deep water. Ms Basinger was 55 when the film came out. Are these her children or grandchildren? It's Christmas. Della drives to the mall, a long scene that could be cut off. In order to get ideas about eeeeeeevil to the male aggression spreading in space, she goes past the footballer in full uniform playing in the rain on Easter. Of course. For the bonus, he sees a car with a deer attached to him. Although we have some real uncertainty in driving scenes. It's raining and traffic is bad. First we see Della trying to drive and smoke at the same time. Then Della later tries to drive and talk on her mobile phone at the same time, at one point turning completely to check the stuffed rear seat for the phone charger. She walks the shopping center, sees an old college friend trying to buy things, but the credit card is declined, maybe her husband is pricky because he broke down, but it's too complicated to be scripted by him . On the parking lot is much opposed to the funniest gang in the history of movies. A white boy (Lukas Hass looks at his career as he goes west), one Black, one Asian and one Hispanic. Imagine the company Up in the People that went wrong and you will have an idea. Although they have a gun, it gives them a stance. A policeman from the center comes to investigate the crowd and shoot him in the head, shooting repeatedly. The car park is crowded as much as it can be, people are everywhere, and nobody notices. she kills all four bad guys one by one with simple tools (literally) at hand. LARGE spoiler forward. She drives home. The car is pulled out and it passes through the rain. She checks the children, goes downstairs, and when her husband is disgustingly asking what caught him in a mall, she shows him a gun and shoots into an empty space. Experience with four punkers should have been the result of personal empowerment for Dell. Instead, we know that her children are likely to spend Christmas in foster families or in a home, because the state will collect them while responding to the murder of an accusation. Four punkers can be classified as a justified murder in self-defense. My husband, another story. So I'm glad to see it on the cable. If I saw him in the theater (did he get any edition?) I'd be angry. As it is, I'm just sad when I see talents like Mrs. Basinger and Mr. Haas wearing a garbage like this. One very good thing. This was written and directed by Susan Montford. Ms. Montford did not get another writing or loan guidance since she crossed this shit. There is justice in the world.
