I could not believe this horrible movie was shot at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst written text (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and the far worst loss of time in watching. I will not tell the story because it really is not worth it. But I will elaborate some of the performances and definitely the story. As for the story, it's very hard to believe that this crazy shaker could do what she did. That in reality the women could not defend themselves from a little thing. That the husband could really find the case of walnut in general. In order for the defense counsel to breach any court decision, he continued to act after the judge ordered that he be closed blank. The final result of the film is an insult to justice, film codes and masculine types. The theme of this mess is that women do what they want, kill who they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the guy sucks in the prison a innocent victim. It's hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, director and man, will even want to do this. As for the actor: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. Crazy Toons, who is the needlepoint during the murder trial (is it allowed in court?) She bored me to the handle. Another glance at her is the striking of her eyes and indicates how innocent she is and I would vomit. It's not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The husband, whom Vincent Spano played on one level, seems to look and play most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the traps set by all the women who surrounded him. The worst was Holland Tailor as a defense attorney. Through the film she acted and ridiculed justice. If she'd check me at any time, I'd tell her to go on a trip. All the others in this desperate movie have done their job in accordance with the instructions. I'd like to give this film a zero rating. However, we are forced to begin with the 1st Damage. We do not have to watch these movies anymore. Lifetime can be better than this, I know it. This is a post: He made a mistake by mistakenly turning this distasteful film. As soon as I saw Jordan Ladda, I knew that I had seen her earlier and that she did not like her. Not only did I interrupt this thing, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the script, but he also directed this horrible movie. Does not anyone see his / her message to make the disease pay off. Being sick and walking around killing people is fine with this director / writer. Totally the idiots are men. This guy tells you to take him somewhere painfully. We're not all that stupid and we'll talk your so-called. The film, which in the mind of this person deserves to be destroyed. And this loser is shown. Why???? Can not you read the comments about this stupid and disgusting movie? Are we constantly under pressure to see Bidbo Jordan Ladda again and again? Get away from TV, movies and sight. She is terrible in every sense of the word. Phev !!!!
