So Angela grew up and got the therapy and surgery to turn her into a real daughter, not a son who was born, and now he keeps the job like - waiting for him - a prisoner! How convenient, right? I know, I love it. In any case, the first extension of the Sleepaway Camp franchise respects all the rules of horrible sequels - more blood, more imaginative murders (which are not imaginative, but more than originals), more nudity, more complex plots, and more generally than the original. It's fun in the same way as the original, because the characters and closets are so stupid and so authentic in the 80's that you can not help smiling good. At one point, a man asks Angela, and she says, "I'll call you," and then she leaves quickly. The guy says to himself, "How will he call me? I do not have a phone!" and then he sniffed the armpit, wondering what it excluded (it's hair, man!). It is well known that killed teens in the 1980s were more often not punished by their killer because of some bad behavior, usually because it is too promiscuous. When I first started to go into horror films and I saw Friday in the 13th film for the first time in the mid-90s, I did not understand this. I learned it at the movies a year or two later and I was amazed that it was some sort of madness. I was quite impressed not only that movies were transmitted to some sort of message, but morbid, but that there were thoughts. But not in this movie! At one point, before Angela kills one of her victims, she says: "Let this be a lesson." Really subtle screen writing, guys. "Again, the dialogue is the funniest thing in the movie, Angela (which, incidentally, through all that therapy and those operations and all of those troubles to cleanse her past and re-invented as a normal and well-developed person, and then changed her name from Angela to, umm, Angela), at one point says, "I do not like to be evil witch from the west, but I know what happens when things get out of control. "(People begin they kill me ... from me! HA!) Then, she asks that one of the advisors, Mare, excuse me, what the girl answers, "I'd rather die!" I'm sorry, Mare, but you really got into that one. . Two years ago I was a camp in a sleeping camp similar to that shown in this film (except the camp I taught in. He had more than three children up to 15 or 20 advisors and also had rules which is not in the movie.) This led me to see the countless disagreements in the film of what is actually camp life. It's all right, but you can hardly make a movie like this with a lot of nine-year-olds running around, although in this movie, it's been a little over 10 or 11 years. I have not seen such things much earlier. Definitely a bad taste, even for a movie with a slasher of the 80s ...
