This is an immoral and condemned piece of garbage, which undoubtedly wants to be the fifteenth clone. The poster for this film seems to seem to have some kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, who will probably attract movie viewers. There is nothing good or fun about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad, I just think some people on the camera or DVD will come across Sleepavai Camp II: Unhappi Campers (1988), and waste time on this sad, cynical, depressing film. Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camping counselor at the Rolling Hills Camp, who hopes that the rest of the campers are as beautiful as she and stay out of trouble. In the meantime, other campers realize that people disappear one by one, and Angela pronounces an excuse to send them home. Can Angela be a murderer, who used to be a man who had undergone surgery half a year earlier? Who knows? Who cares? In the 1980s, there were many movies that made the cross between the genres Mad Slasher and the Dead Teenager, in which the crazy killer is becoming vicious. Some have complications, some do not have, but they are all as bad as this one. Sleepavai Camp II: Unhealthy campers are 80 minutes of teenagers who are introduced, then stabbed, strangled, stabbed, chopped, burned alive and disfigured. That's all this. It's just a foolish, bloody violence. Watching this movie, I recalled the Friday 13th film, in which the message for its viewers was that the primary function of the teenager was to be hacked to death. The authors of Sleepavai Camp II have the right to be ashamed. Imagine the sick message that this film offers to its teenage viewers: "The world is a totally evil place," this movie tells you, "and it will kill you. It does not matter what your dreams or your hopes are." It does not matter if you have a new boyfriend, or new girl. It does not matter what you think, what you are doing or what are your plans for the future. It ends up dead. "And the weakest thing is - and if we do not give too much - the film simply sets the space for continuation. Well, why not? They probably already took a bucket in the septic tank by making three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepavai Camp (1983), and after watching his first sequel, I hope to keep away from the rest of the sequences as well as the original. And for parents, if you know children who really like this movie, do not let them go out with the kids.
