I came to this film on Sunday rain, with the intention of embarking on something else. From curiosity I made comments and I found myself looking through it to the end. I did not really do it with intent - this was one of those movies that you were "fascinated" and watch it "for a few more minutes," until you finally see it all the way. The indictment raised in most of these comments has made it fascinating. It seems that one comment in which a person really liked just because he loves Ladda and Span, as well as their earlier roles. But there is nowhere to be said - stories, performances, and especially absurd hi-jinks courtroom. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raimond Burr passed the 300 lb mark) and Ben Matlock, got a bit of free time in cavatating around the courtroom, instead of being boring barely on the speaker's desk. And Matlock is particularly privileged to often enter exhibits by simply going to the jury and showing them before the judge and the prosecutor are even informed of them or show them. No real judge or prosecutor in real life would plead for this. Both Perry and Ben almost always finished the proceedings by shooting the true killer's confession. In fact, Perry almost always did it, but often Matlock simply presented enormous evidence of the real culprit, declared him a "reasonable doubt" and then let the police and prosecutors deal with the culprit - sometimes in the camera, sometimes assumed At the end of the show. But, he said, Holland Tailor's histrionics and the amount of freedom gives her, in the courtroom part of this story, made the actions of Matlock / Mason more closely resemble a slow, often boring detail both on court television and in courtrooms in real life. Every character in this presentation was either unappreciative, insensitive, disgusting, boring, unbelievable - or some combination of two or more Ends. The end was the richest, more absurd, even silly conclusion - but again, fascinating about it. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals, and so on. films would prove to be their best forte - probably best in the 2nd role (probably better in "third") roles, even at this point. Tailor could be thrown like aunt or mother of one of them. Give this 1 star for the story / play, and 3 extra for the factor of fascination.
