His Christmas night and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from his troubled and violent husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she goes to bed at the last shopping in a local mall. His busy location and finding a parking spot is almost impossible, Della takes a tear from a driver parked in two places, leaving them a note that speaks so much. Returning to the car after visiting the stores, she was confronted with some gestures, whether the owners of the car left a message, they are very angry and want to have fun with her, a friendly guard helps her, but things get out of hand and the guard is killed, Della escapes with now shooting in a search, shooting at her, she loses control of her car and collapses, quickly grabs the box with the tool from the trunk, hides in the abandoned site, but is soon caught, shortly before attempting to rape and kill, from her magic toolbox and key wounding their leader "Chuckie", she once again manages to escape into nearby forests, the suffering of the murdered one of the gang This is just black. Here, the night worsens for everyone involved, as happens the deadly game of a cat and a mouse. A similar line for the plot with Eden Lake brought me to this, but there's a comparison. This is a stupid and stupid movie, shockingly scripted and terribly played by all involved, breastfeeding Disney-esquire twins are horrible to watch, but Lukas Haas like Chuckie, who has to act in the bad acting department, even though he gets a run for his money by an equally terrible husband. Since his line of action is fully telegraphed throughout the entire life of Dell's cell phone, it is dead, and then in her stores, her credit card is canceled by her husband, and she does not have cash and Badnjak, now where they could go this I'm wondering ??? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when, after killing all the clichés of bad guys with the content of her magic tool, Chuckie was looking for f @ ck, if my jaw was not yet on the floor in this horror film, it would certainly fall and break on the floor. even the ending is messed up, all feminist grandmothers who want their pound of meat remain extremely disappointed. I did not think that I would be disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro had made this move
