From the 70s, writer / producer / director Charles Band was responsible for literally hundreds of science fiction, fantasy and horror B-films. Some of them are wonderful examples of using a small budget for maximum effect; many of them are pretty bad. Trancers (1985) was one of those rare gems. The story of Terminator style travel and time travel, Trashlers saw Tim Thomerson play Jack Jack, a future policeman who is in charge of tracking down the bad guy Wistler, who travels past an ancestor's body in the past. Wistler is able to control other people with his psychic powers, turning them into obedient zombies ('transference' titles), and trying to change the course of history by killing the ancestors of the leaders of the future. Jack followed him until 1985, determined to stop him. In this sequel from 1991, Jack still lives in 1985. After destroying Wistler, he settled down and married Lehen (Helen Hunt), a young woman. who helped him succeed in the first movie. But, for Jack, things do not stay long calm, and the problem occurs in the form of Wistler's brother, E.D. Vardo, who is trying to build a trancer army. Trancers II has no charm and simplicity of the originals and a lot of disappointment given how much the original was good. It's hard to pick up the story if you did not see the first movie (or at least not for a long time), and there are lots of unstoppable action and a few bad special effects. The inventiveness and spirits of Trancers made so much fun; Instead, we receive sirens of one-layer tape and a script that looks like it's written in flight. The only reason I can recommend this film to fans of the genre is an actor who can boast of many names that will be known to followers of sci-fi and horror films: Jeffrei Combs, Barbara Crampton, Richard Linch, Martina Besvicka. Unfortunately, most of them seemed to have no day while recording Trancers II, and performances were at best central. The Trancers series obviously has its fans; Since then, four more sequels have been extracted. Unless quality takes a huge swing up, I can not imagine they are good.
