The original Trancer is by no means an excellent movie. She had huge holes on the soil and very little in terms of internal logic. However, it was fun, better than most hun-budget B-movies, and it could be surprisingly funny. Unfortunately, Trancers II is none of this. Trancers II suffers from many of the same problems as most flop extensions. The action is thin enough to be seen and writing is unsuccessful. It seems that the people behind this film felt that bringing the famous faces of the first movie would be enough, and that they did not care with anything. Even B-class actors such as Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs could not get this film out of the mud. Short overview of the plot: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a police officer from the future who was sent in 1985 to save the ancestors of his government's members. Trancers II is held six years after the first Trancer events. Jack Deth is married to Helen Hunt, a woman he met in the first film, and both live with Hap Ashby, a man whom Deth sent in the past to protect. It was discovered that Brother Wistler (a bad guy from the first film) had traveled in the past to create an army of Tranzers, men turned into foolish zombies for killing, in order to kill Ashby. Complicating Jack's mission is the fact that his first wife, who died long before Jack departed in the past, was also sent back to stop Wistler's brother, and now Jack found himself working with her. I have two real problems with this movie. One is that the method of creating a Trancer in this film is radically different from the methods used in the first film. What makes him uncomfortable is that in a rather bad example of Soviet revisionism they behave as if they were always a technique. Another thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between Detha, Lena and Alice Stilvell (Jack's first wife) gets very little time on the screen. It was especially disturbing to me because it was much more interesting than the real movie of the movie. It looked like it was something that was inserted to fill space in the movie. Alic's character, in particular, seems uninterested in the fact that he reunites with her husband only to find that he is married again, which makes him very shallow or very poorly written. The only reason I can think of watching this movie is if you are interested in watching the entire Trancers series (currently a total of six movies). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Trancer, stay away from this lousy sequel.
