So, that's what actress Kim Basinger succumbed to? Mmm ?? In order to tell the truth, the film title is something that is very attractive for getting your interest and a draft of the draft that is read so basic, but simplicity can have its advantages. After all, by the time I left it, I remained quite indifferent. It does not burn (despite being affected by negatives), but there are many better ways in what is causative, but a compact and unbalanced story about the survival of a weak suburban housewife stranded in the woods trying to fight for his life after seeing the death of a policeman who came to her aid when she caused an uneasy exchange with some bumps in the shopping park. The problem here falls on erroneously wrong and predictable material (taken from a short story), along with very variable performances. The brittle script was badly thought out (which is not so good when your work has a light structure to hang), so that so many miserable inclusions and suspicious actions are simply found in this endless chain of events. As for the bunch of stereotyped goons (guided by an unconvincing Lukas Hassa as a loose canon) terrorizing Basinger, they were well below the threat but hopeless. Watching Basinger turning in a damp wilderness with a red tool box in his hand (do not ask me why?), Breaking one of these punks of punk one by one has become ridiculous because it did not cause tension or emotions? but instead they were clumsy earthquakes that were pointless because of the stupidity of lead. Basinger's performance is strong, but there is not much empathy. Craig Sheffer appeared as her husband. Strange, could not I keep my eyes on the screen? Thinking that the red tool tool is hypnotic (why would it be constantly worn) and which tool was used to send the next violator? its elections were rather disappointing. Watching her transformation through a traumatic situation when things are finally turned is pretty empty, because of the insecure tone and ending is something you can see in miles ahead. Suzanne Montford is in the sobering direction lacking cohesion and energy, as is quite a lot. Still, I liked the introductory credits, with his boring puffy score (which is the most effective thing in the whole movie) and polished photo. No big earthquakes. Do not waste a lot of time, but I would not like to see him again. However, with the inclusion of the Joi Division song, I made it to take a couple of their listening albums.
