I think we all begin a lot of comments with: "This could have made a great movie." A demented former horse, freshly emerging, a neat family in the suburbs, his target. Revenge, retaliation, manipulation. Marti's usual laying of Caro syrup. But, unfortunately, somewhere in the universal high rise came a memorandum: everyone pushes it. Nolte talks only with raised eyebrows, Lange knocks out cigarettes, Levis "Ohmagod je!" her way through the scenes, and Bobbi D ... well, he's on another magical carpet. Influencing a kind of hybrid accent on Cajun / Huckleberry Hound, he collects fatty cigars and cokodines with random horrors such as a "problem child". And I want to think of the above mentioned emphasis. Now imagine that in the main voice a religious rhetoric that sounded like a brain swallowed up, as if swallowing six bibles, and you have De Nieve's crazy here. The most disgusting of all, however, was his most dexterously used "De Niro face" for which he had worked so hard. The eyes were squinting, the forehead was distorted, the lips swinging. Chris, Bob, you looked like a plastic man. The story had apparently started out of the screen 14 years earlier, when Nolte was unable to rescue De Niro's time in a beech for various attacks. After his release, he feels that Nolte misinterpreted him, and then justified the terrorizing of him and his relatives. And we should give De Niro's character a small pass, because Nolte denied information that may have shortened his sentence. De Niro is one of those criminals who, despite being guilty of indecent acts, thinks that his lack of freedom justifies the continuation of such acts from outside. Mmm-kai. He wandered for Notle's close-lover (in a scene from which some might turn), his wife, his daughter, a family dog, you know. What is one of the disadvantages of Veslei Stricka's scenario: ultimate predictability. As each of De Niro's maltreatment becomes even more terrible, you can call the rest of the action even before it happens. Strick should not be completely discredited, as he leads a few striking moments of dialogue (De Niro and Levis's tangled exchange in an empty theater is the best scene of the film), but mostly overwhelmed. Scorsese's cartoon photographic approach becomes forced, not to mention HORRIBLI outdated by the Renaissance rating of Bernard Hermann (I waited for Wolf Man to appear with a genetically expanded tarantula). We arrive at the comic part of the film. Unintentional comedy, that is. You know those scenes where something graphically horrible happens, but you can not help but you can not see each other? You will do it here. Nolte and Lange are inquiring about disbelief, De Niro's flirting, dressing and kitchen skating on a particular substance that must be seen to believe. And Bob's hellish, constant, constant, oppressively damaging, non-utterly obvious whipping of all "philosophies," he discovered in jail. I wanted to kill him to shut him up more than save this boring family. I always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers, but here it is necessary. This is really Scorsese's version of Freddy Krueger. The way De Niro enjoys, speaks, grabs fears, suffers pain, up to his one-tiered ones, is the harvest of Freddie. After you have touched him the pot of the discharged water: "Are you trying to offer a scarf" hot? "Please. And that's just one example. Unless you were a fan of the original 1962 movie and want the excitement of watching Balsam, Peck and Mitchum almost 30 years later (or you want a serious film that shakes head) experience), avoid the path to the cape.
