I really do not want to compare Cape Fear Martine Scorsese with the classic Cape Fear film from 1962, but I can not help it. Not only did the big fans of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck play Cape Fear, but when Scorsese incorporates scenes immediately after the previous film (Cadi takes the ignition key, a dog dies) and even uses Bernard Herrmann's score all the time. Full movie, he does not give me There are many possibilities not to make a comparison because I can not even think of the classic Cape Fear for almost every scene. When comparing the Scorsese version of Cape Fear with the classic version, the classic came out of remake; but even when I'm shooting a movie, it's still bad. Now Scorsese and scriptwriter Wesley Strick have not only reworked the Cape Fear scene of 1962, they were already trying to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the film's problems. Mak Cadi, the original crazy and animal Mak Cadi, who came out of his personal revenge, Mak Cadi in the 1991 version, is a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bovden and who is in contact with his female side (his words are not mine). Also stand-out disappeared and the strong Sam Bovden seen in the classic Cape Fear movie, which Sam found in the remake of 1991, is very stupid, Magoo, distrustful, and very inimitable. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazy than Mak Cadi! The whole story has also been changed - Sam did not testify against Cadi in court to put him in prison like in the classic version, Sam is now Cadin, a former lawyer whom Cadi suspects he did not do everything he could to keep him away from the Prison and ready to " save. " The total story has changed, and I'm not overly concerned with it, but the overall scenario is also weak everywhere. Other sub-parcels are inserted into a mix that not only distracts from the larger picture, but is also poorly written. The film also includes several honestly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even funny lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects take away the dangerous and exciting nature that the film should have, but they also have some help in this department. Now the classic version of Cape Fear is remarkably captured with brilliant illumination. and a highly effective suggestive subtlety in combination with petty brutality that gave excitement when the film called for it and the feeling of danger as a whole. However, Scorsese is not able to do any of this in his Cape Fear, giving the movie the appearance of a cookie cutter in the early nineties, with no sense of danger, no tense scenes, and little style (unless you count the animation of the fire and the style of the horizon). Yes, there is some terrible violence and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original one, but it ends empty and shocking, but without awe. If all this was not enough, the acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (who is somehow nominated for an Oscar for his performance) begins as Mak Cadi, but gradually becomes worse until he starts to get nothing but laughter instead of fear to the end of the film. The opposite happens to Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bovden, going from excess for much of the film to a convincing display of fear and despair to the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Levis (who was also awarded an Oscar nomination) is fairly decent in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is called to play a real stupid character and it's hard to truly love what we see on her screen. It seems that this film is often considered one of several good treatments, and I can not understand why. I wanted to like her; I really am - I mean, if there will be a remake of Cape Fear, I'd rather like that - but I just could not. It does not contain anything that could be great and self-destructive of the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, and I found Cape Fear Martin Scorsese as a really bad movie. The best things about the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles.
