First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful, most likely paid in cash for home, and can not even put a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'm going to say right away - clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're on it, it's Christmas. Buy children's gifts ... or at least Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to a packed shopping center, park your car 3 miles away and cry around to enter and simply buy wrapping paper. Also, next time you decide to leave a nasty note to someone, do not sign your name. I refuse to pity Della. Obviously, due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad for a poor white blond woman. We understand. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, do not model horrible movies after his life. Also, you're in the 50s. You would definitely not have 8-year-old twins. And so NAMES? Terry and Tammy. A way to allow your children to grow up with a decent chance to ever respect themselves. It is also quite fantastic to hear the characters in the movie that they are constantly called a beautiful one or they call it a "girl" ... apparently Mrs. Basinger said something about what is happening in the script. It is also quite horrible that none of the criminals can repulse the blow. Apparently, Dell's magical ninja skills can not be won. Her driving skills are pretty beautiful. This movie is so cliché, pain. Vahhhhh! They mistyped your name on a cup of tea. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but the only thing you can think about is buying a nail polish when you are in a mall, and not perhaps some mortar and color. Or the woman you went to high school with the purchased plush you were watching. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take this BRIGHT jacket while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything on her way proves my point - this woman is a moron. Who is thinking of pulling out a toolbox from a car, but not their purse, full identification of artifacts such as ADDRESS. I never wanted "bad guys" to succeed as much as I watched this movie. Has anyone else accidentally caught the "afro-American" shirt that the black man is sporting? Oh, yes, rewind and glorify your eyes on perhaps the most rude stereotypical film in the film. Do not waste your hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della could not figure out how to do ... to look after her children, and perhaps to wash your hair. This mighty ballad was, in the end, quite impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody hand is firmly held for your wrapping paper is as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
