"Look, I know this can be sucked in, but the pain is temporary, the film is forever. Whatever you do, it's burnt down in the celluloid for all time and for the thousands of years to come." ?? Robert De Niro This was initially a film for Steven Spielberg, a director who hired several scriptwriters to adjust the script so that he was more relevant to his subjects. And so we have a dysfunctional family threatened by a disrupted monster in the form of a recent release from Robert De Niro's prison. Such as "Jurassic Park," "Poltergeist" and "War of the Worlds" dysfunctional family bands together to overcome the beast, the beast that created a father, a lawyer who failed to defend De Niro during the trial. In a typical Spielberg fashion, a father kills a monster that undermines his family and then immediately releases his sins. As Oscar Schindler, Robin Williams, Sam Niel, Tom Cruise and almost every "daddy" figure at Spielberg, the father returned to his fatherly duties in a series of bitter-sweet codes enjoyed by Spielberg. But Spielberg finally abandoned the picture and, instead, handed over the project to Martin Scorsese, who was trying to get himself into a commercial car at the time. The result is probably the worst film in Scorsese's filmography, and, ironically, his brightest. Failure or skipping artists are often very revealing, revealing the inner functioning of their art. When the story does not work, characters do not connect or images do not burden, we are left with some kind of inner core. This ?? The rest of the hull is what the film director is talking about. Now "Cape Fear" is a faceless film, so we will not find any thematic links with the rest of Scorsese's filmography ("You've already sacrificed" Me! "De Niro yells, but film themes about Catholic redemption are a cookie . what movie still makes the disclosure kinds of languages ​​in which his filmography depends. Look at how Scorsese's camera desperately whips back and forth, how frantically zoomed in on the door handles and windows in an attempt to force voltage and that all his characters loud and screaming for attention But, more importantly, watch the film no Akava spatial sense. The return on board at the end of the film takes place on the apparent sound stage, street parade is claustrophobic and takes place in the framework of an unlimited context and appears to be family houses do not exist anywhere in particular. There is simply no geographic sense for anything in the picture, Scorsese is unable to film space or create any spatial environment. The reason for this is that Scorsese's camera must always be tied, or closely linked, to its central character. In order for the world around the character to make sense, his camera must be focused on the character. Resnais can take you around the French hotel Velles and Hitchcock can you dance down the street and the building, Cameron can give you a tour of the Titanic, Scott can reconstruct the entire future cityscape, Lucas can give an alien desert planet, and most of the other directors can create the feeling of space with a combination of a textbook "close up-mid-vide-shot", but Scorsese can not do it. In his films there is no poetry, no feelings of tangible space. He's all about the character. If you break this link, you leave that boxing ring, taxi taxi, look further from De Niro, and everything collapses. It simply can not be separated from this very documentary mode of recording, which in a way is a prerequisite for action film shooting. Scorsese has tried to solve this problem with "Gangs of New York", where space and sets have become the central figure, but even this self-conscious experiment spacious sabotaging magnetism Daniel Dai Levisa, the actor who relentlessly pulls Scorsese's camera to him like a moth to a light bulb. 5/10 ?? Even as a generic B-movie, this is a ugly, vulgar film. Look at matte pictures, incompetent tension attempts, stupid rotoscopic special effects, and the calculation of hockey fights with fists. Still, we have Robert De Niro to pick up a lull. De Niro, who leaves his body to Scorsese like a tattooed Christ, gives the film a unique scene. In an improvised romantic sequence with young Juliet Lewis, she puts a thumb in her mouth and kisses her. Some kind of symbolic rape, the girl escapes, is excited and rejected by this person's interest. But De Niro's design, so tasty at the top, simply can not be imitated by Scorsese. You will need an opera tone and baroque images of someone like De Palme to do this. But Scorsese? Nope. Worth one review.
