While the original First Blood had its incredible moments, it was at least exciting in parts. In Rambut: First Blood, Part II emphasis is directed at comic action. Authenticity is completely rejected; diving in the nose; Stalone becomes so unbreakable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like every other actor in fulfilling wishes (for example, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II voids its potential for real excitement by representing a hero who is too unbearable to be afraid. If you say from the word that Rambo will wipe out hundreds of enemy soldiers, what's left to be excited? Closed after the event in the first film, John J Rambo (Silvester) Stalloneu is offered a pardon if he joins a secret operation in the Far East. The year was 1985, and a mission is being organized to find out if some other US soldiers are still captured in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take on the job of his old mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the task is actually the idea of ​​government equipment led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is just to go to a jungle camp and check if it contains US soldiers? if it does not happen, it should meet a helicopter; If this happens, he will receive photo evidence of their existence, so that he can be saved later. Helping in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge, beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Naturally, Rambo reveals that the camp has a PoV, but he is surpassing his orders by rescuing one of them? when it reaches the meeting point, the rescue helicopter leaves it on Murdock's orders, which apparently does not want to find any prisoners of war for political and military implications. Rambo was captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he set out to free the soldiers and retaliate against the treacherous Murdoch. photo, the exciting result of Jerry Goldsmith and the professionalism of the stuntman in carrying out various action foolishness. In addition to these scarce vintages, the film is a failure. Actors are reduced to macho posturing, action is fake, action sequences are soulless and helpless, dialogue is absurd? even violence is becoming predictably predictable. At the time of her release, America was under the chairmanship of Ronald Reagan, a man with simple and almost hysterical anti-communist feelings. For this reason, the modern audience lapsed this shooting fest as if it was the biggest movie of all time, turning it into an unhealthy success in the office. Fortunately, the times have changed? nowadays it can be seen as a simple action movie with a ridiculously high number of bodies, a funny stupid politician and a funny hero.
