The summary summarizes this. This is not nearly as good as the original. With the script written by Stallone and James Cameron (at the same time, Aliens wrote). Most of the action was written by Cameron, and political aspects were written by Stallone. Sli was in the best physical condition while he did this and Rocka 4 and it looks as if it is in great shape or is erected on the eyeballs on steroids, depending on your viewpoint or opinion. Rambo begins in prison and is visited by Colonel Trautman who asks him to go to a special mission that could bring him presidential pardon. He eventually agrees and goes to an information camp led by Charles Napier, playing a suit in Washington, trying to surrender to former ex-forces to calm Rambo. The mission is to find out if there are missing war prisoners still living in campsites in Vietnam. Rambo was chosen as a camp that he checked where he had been a prisoner. He was told that this was not a rescue mission and that he was just taking photos for reconstruction only. After a bad attempt to parachute from the plane he loses most of his accessories, gets to know his contact (who turns out to be a cute woman) and travels down a river with pirates to the camp. He finds still prisoners and saves one. While three people fleeing half of the Vietnamese army on their boat, they are betrayed by pirates, but Rambo is killing them all and they are forced to continue walking on a pedestrian crossing after their ship was captured and blown up by Rambo. Rambo reissued and abandoned because Napier ordered a rescue helicopter recall. It is clear that Trautman returns to the base to offend him that they are not expected to survive. Steven Berkoff appeared as a Russian Spetznatz Colonel and Rambo were tortured and eventually fleeing only to persecute them. Vietnamese troops and Spetznatz. By killing many of them, Rambo finally steals a helicopter and saves most of the prisoners to return to their base. He resists the urge to kill Napier for abandoning him, but destroys the operations center. Poor plot and a very weak ending when Rambo goes to the sunset as a free man.
