I do not see much reason to go into this movie in detail. Silvester Stallone is once again John Rambo, author and survivor of the "Season in Hell," recruited from prison by his only friend, Major Richard Crenne, to secretly return to Vietnam, captures US prisoners who are believed to still be in terrible state camps, and return without engaging the enemy. Accidentally. What if he actually did not take anything more than sneeze, take pictures, and take off? Who would come to see the movie? Basically it's a celebration of Stallone's muscles. Preparing for your mission, we see his well-lubricated muscles. (Smooth and prominent.) There is a ritual bonding of black skin, ugly cannons, and even uglier knives. Black pistols are cleaned, assembled with loud bumps and almost lubricated as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and, yes, it has enough kilograms to break through the enemy's forehead. The knife is sharpened with a smooth snipe. Stallone and one of his war prisoners were issued by one or two suits from Washington, cynical politicians who, as you can bet, never found. grammar school. No loops, you know? Just sit with your feet on the table and drink foreign beer. The film does what it was intended to do, but what it was intended to do was quiet. It purposely monetized the myth popular in the mid-1980s that there were countless many MUPs that North Vietnamese held quietly in miserable camps. Bumper stickers were ubiquitous. (Free our MIA.) Why keep them? It was never quite reasonable, but maybe turning war prisoners into slave labor - in a country that has absolutely no other resources other than labor. Or perhaps because of their propaganda value as a tool for humiliating the United States - a propaganda weapon that the Vietnamese guarded secretly from the world. As a prisoner, Rambo is treated in the medieval fashion in the north. Vietnamese. He drove him into the neck of the pig, and then pulled him out of his wrists, while his muscles were still on the screen. Then, not content with superhuman Vietnamese, a Russian officer was brought in to play the role of Gestapo's officer - "You have a haff vais of MAKING you remember." High-tech type, Rus uses psychology and electricity, not just a pig dumps. Rambo returns and declares that he intends to sail without purpose until "this country does not like us as much as we love it". raising another myth that veterans returning from Vietnam spit and cursed spontaneously, which is why, I suppose, I so many elected to Congress and appointed others to high positions. The last three lost presidential candidates were among those despised groups. At least Rambino's inflexible float left an open space for the extension, which arrived quickly. Action films with Schwarzenegger and Villis and others are abolished by the wise, but Rambo is without sense of humor. He goes through his fantastic ideological swamp, killing without mercy, barely speaking, barely able to speak. It is a sign of weakness.
