Rightly, there should never be "The First Part of the Blood". The original script for "The First Blood", John Rambo, committed suicide at the end of the film, but it was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because the test audience considered the original end to be too depressing . However, someone obviously thought that the character was too good for losing, as he ended up as a hero of two more films in the 1980s, plus a recently published fourth continuation. The official title of this film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but more commonly known as "Rambo". He begins with the headline in prison, where he probably releases the crimes he committed in "First Blood", although that never seemed too explicit. He was taken out of prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US prisoners of war are still detained by the Communist regime. He is under the strict instruction not to try to save any of the prisoners or to attack the enemy; His mission will be just a fact-finding mission. What Rambo does not realize is that he sets him up, not Trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honest and unbreakable, but the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdoch intends that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make life easier for him. Unfortunately, for Murdock, Rambo reveals that Americans are not only still in prison, but are held in hellish conditions. Of course, he is too hero to let them fate and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less one long battle between Rambo and several allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the dumb communist soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil communists, of course, end up dead, although I was surprised to learn from your "trivial" section that the total number of dead were 67. Sometimes it seemed that Rambo was trying to destroy the whole Vietnamese army. The tone of this film is very different from the first one. In "The First Blood" Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was reduced due to severe provocation and his mental instability. The "Rambou" is a credible all-American hero. A few years earlier, George Pan Cosmatos, filmed "Cassandra Crossing", a biased piece of the left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing more than diversified, and "Rambo" proves he could turn his hand on a biased right-wing propaganda. One thing that together has two films is that both are fake bad. "First Blood" had its own mistakes, but it also had its virtues. His attitude that the anti-war movement was partly responsible for the problems faced by Vietnamese veterans in adapting to civilian life was controversial, but the film was at least trying to make a statement about the war, social attitudes towards the war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the contrary, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are well-made to satisfy those who love such things. This is essentially a kind of yogic fantasy of revenge for those Americans who were still in pain because of the war in Vietnam. Rambo is again fighting the war, and this time he wins the right side. Take it, Charlie Cong! At this point, no doubt, movie lovers (and it seems that there are more than 2,000 voters already have given ten stars) have concluded that I am a liberal communist love bud. Far from that - in fact, I have always despised communism as a fatal ideology. What I dislike in the film is not its policy, but its lack of subtlety and suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological debates, is to enter with all the pistols and try to kill as many people as possible. It does not try to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Because of its anti-communism, the film is a kind of moronic propaganda of mules that the communists were very good at throwing away - except that all the world's problems were attributed to capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or to anyone else who was upset. Compared to "Rambo", "Green Berets" were a masterpiece of political analysis. 3/10
