The Ghost of the Vietnam War for thirty years is pursuing the American psyche. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of US soldiers went to the MIA in Vietnam, or in the way they treated those who returned, then it was the first war America could have lost. Many men returned from the war in the shadow of their former self, and the original First Blood was able to provide little insight into their problems as they tried to return to the world, as it is said. The first part of the blood II, on the other hand, is slightly more than a riot that pumps a fist, which illustrates how America can be painful both in victory and in defeat. Stallone puts another slow motion as a titular commando of special forces, while Richard Krenna is trying to keep a serious factor. Where it's all canceled, it's in a script that was not better when Missing In Action and actress Chuck Norris. The little logic in the original has now disappeared, as the filmmakers decided to paint a large S on Rambo's massive chest. The film is picked up shortly after completing the First Blood. The film, or the novel, did not allow the possibility of continuation. In this central monitoring, Rambo was put to work on what looks like some kind of mine in the open. As he breaks the stones and sweats, the prison guard takes him away to talk to Colonel Trautmann, who advises him that his government will be willing to offer early release if he goes to a secret mission. Rambo, who never withdrew from the hard day of violent work, accepts and immediately ships into a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forget what). From there he is in charge of searching for a camp allegedly holding US MUPs and photographing them. His mission clearly states that he should not try to ensure their release. Rambo, however, has other ideas despite their possible political implications. Of course, things go a bit wrong when it turns out that people who order Rambo's work have more interest to ensure they are not American. MIA are located. It is an ancient conspiracy theory and does not apologize for taking advantage of the difficulties of many American families who were left without a son during the ten years that raged the official war in Vietnam. Of course, with Jingoism, who was present in the American society during the 1980s, they could not help tangent the Vietnamese army in bed with what looks like a battalion of the Russians. Together, these two antagonists are trying to extract what they can from Rambo, but they return to the bullets, arrows, missiles and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a grass-like chalice and is declared invincible. To be honest, The First Part of the First Blood is well photographed and well-choreographed, the action of the spectacle. Fighting a hand on the arm with a major Russian commander is one of several battles in a film that has any dramatic tension. The rest is simply the case of the main actor and director who make the fantasy that the Americans fill their fist. Fortunately, this action film from America uber alles soon died when more intense and more intelligent war films, such as water, began to work. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets an end to envy many actors of the villain. The Russian commander bites him in a way that is so spectacular as he is ridiculous. Only in an action film from the 1980s could you see that LAW is used inside the helicopter. Of course, there were clichés from an action movie that were rooted in contradictory facts, but never before this funny one. I gave Rambo: The first part of the II blood one of ten. It's so bad it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous it's often funny. He does not even need to serve in the army to know how stupid some stupid things are. The only risk that is needed is an attempt to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking subject for those directly involved. Keep your tongue firmly in the face, and it can be visible.
