The adventurous adventure, Part I, II, appears to have captured the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-'80s, with right-wing Reganism and evil anti-red feelings still not completed, although the appearance of a certain Michael Gorbachev in the heart of ' Empire 'in Moscow soon made these kinds of films superfluous, even Reagan himself eventually acknowledged this truthfulness. In this sense, we can mostly thank Gorbia, not his disarmament agreements with the US, nor his politics of loudness, or even his support for a democracy that returns to the countries of Eastern Europe in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. Reduction of foolish, yogic, cold-war adventures such as this. The first RAMBO movie was not perfect, although it was at least a mildly literate and adequate action thriller with a not so bad story. the condemnation was immediately rejected because of the stupid, sensual planning and incident in which Rambo independently takes over a multitude of foolish stereotyped Vietnamese and Russian soldiers who will save US prisoners of war ten years after the end of the conflict, and Americans on the side of the losers. Perhaps the reason why the film was a huge success in cabinets was that many Americans were devastated by fantasy, maybe they lost the war, but there were still unfinished jobs, and a funny comic strip hero with a robotic hero who kills almost every red in the eye, with as many hardware as possible, it has filled such unusually distant ideals. This could have been fun at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is playing absolutely straight. not to say that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately, it's practically all unintentional. Action scenes, although technically adequate, never carried the smallest persuasion or conviction, as they are always set in the most spectacular form. Unbelievable context, namely, our hero Rambo is always unharmed (except for several cuts and bruises here and there) despite tons of explosives, grenades, shots, etc. around him. Between the craze, what exists from the script consists of the deepest clichés and banality. Stalone, who wrote the scenario with James Cameron (far from the exciting TERMINATOR made last year), deliberately seems to have given Rambu Character as less as possible in the intelligible English language, and only comes out with the Moronic Grunts, almost as if he invented his own brand patois that is understandable to himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was once again thinking of the Terminator with so little communication for the main character! In that sense, Rambo looks even less of a man than Terminator did! The rest of the actors do a little better with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing their best with the hacked dialogue they have been given, and Steven Berkoff once again ruined him with another of his roles in the Russian KGB / Red Army. Berkoff is overly entertaining, but not worrying. How come Sly managed to survive Berkoff's torture with electric shock to kill even more of those red van vans? Well, credibility is never a strong side of this movie. It is a work of fantasy comparable to THE VIZARD OF OZ. At least that meant being a fantasy, and the immortal classic turned out to be that. the saddest, and really offensive, more polite. And as far as Sliev's top speech is concerned ..., quite hypocritically after slaughtering all these people, eh? Otherwise, the same year he made ROCKI IV .......... RATING: 3 out of 10.
