(Frankly, Barbra, I know that you are the one who clicks all those "NO" on my magazine, 22 times? How many people did you have to direct to help you here? Have not you got any better work, Watch yourself in the mirror all day? Spielberg told Barbie that this is "the best movie I've ever seen from Citizen Kane." That largely speaks everything - and serves as a terrible warning! What are the ingredients for the film disaster of a safe fire, and the one who will persecute you, not allowing you to forget tears of both laughter and pain? Ingredients: Barbra Streisand's face, musical, feminism, gla Barbra Streisand, directed by Barbra Streisand and an ultra-cool / idiotic hypothesis, Hollivood is full of egomaniacs, we know so much. In fact, almost everyone, by definition, has to be an egomaniac in Hollywood, why would someone want to act? "Well, if you're stupid enough to believe what they tell you in your carefully prepared interviews, Streisand has the biggest ego of all! This is a pretty achievement to be surrounded by narcissistic jerks, and yet you can beat them out? Incredible. Film, like all his "solo" efforts, is an ego journey straight from hell. Every scene in which Streisand is automatically destroyed. Stillborn. But how was this not enough, he sings a bunch of Streisandi songs? You know, the one that made Mariah Careis, Celine Dions and the Whitney Hustons of this world possible to poison our precious air waves for decades. Just because she does not deserve any one, except for the 100 episodes of the southern park that are mocking her. In addition to being cliché, the obvious problem is that Streisand does not look like a woman or looks like a man ?? In fact, I'm not sure it's a human being. What's it look like in this movie, okay? can not be described in words. E T. looks like a high school athlete in comparison. Looks like a stranger from Michael Jackson in 2015. It looks like HORRIBLE. Songs. They made me shudder. Especially "Daddy Can you hear me crying like a demented female scorpion in the heat?" and "Tomorrow night I will prepare a sequel, IENTL 2: RETURN OF KITCHEN". Did you know that Streisand was thinking about having a nose job at the beginning of her career, but changed her mind, but changed her mind when she told her that her voice could change? Can you believe it? She should have done it! By killing two flies with one shot, that would be. If you are interested in reading my biography by Barbra Streisand and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail. YES LI BARBRA STREISAND FINALLI GO INTO RETIREMENT? CLICK "YES" OR "NO".
