A seemingly endless film that really deserves a zero score. The premise looks simple enough: Ientl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, and after her father's death decides to dress up in a boy to enter. She works and becomes a close friend to Avigdor, who will marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family learns that Avigdor's brother committed suicide, and the wedding was canceled. Ientl, now called Anschel, was then chosen to marry Hadassa. She does it, but she's never consumed. Ientl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days, and Ientl / Anschel reveals to him his secret. The film ends with Aviddor returning (and weddings?) Hadass, and Ientl goes to America to continue his studies, although this will have to continue to disseminate. for a movie longer than 2 hours, but there are several things that destroy it. To begin with, there is a constant SINGING. Yes, I know this is a musical, so there should be many songs and dance numbers. But the movie could be improved if it was directed and released without them. The songs become boring after a while, and there is not as much dance as you would expect. Many songs are forgotten, with no real memorized verses, and those of any significance could easily be replaced by a voice. Of the others, only one song is singled out, "Papa Can Iou Hear Me". Obviously most of the others are deliberately set up so Streisand can simply have a reason to show their vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. The chances are that everybody who sees this movie already knows what a great singer and actress is, so the songs are really not needed. Second, Streisand's make-up, which can be seen during her scenes as a man (lipstick, enhanced eyelashes and blushes of blush are obvious), makes it difficult for the audience to believe in an Ientl / Anschel figure, that she is really serious and deceiving her new friends, colleagues, and even Hadas, to believe that he is a man. Nevertheless, we are being sought out and we are expected to believe in it. There seems to be a contradiction because her character speaks, or rather, sings about how she does not think she can get out, but she is surprised that she seems to be all deceived because she wears men's clothing. This means that we are expected to believe that other characters are so naive that they can not see other differences, such as her actions, which are clear gifts. Face differences can not themselves be included because other characters in the film say that some of their male cousins ​​or friends did not have a chin or other hair on their face. Nevertheless, in the 1900s, if a woman was dressed as a man, but she carried so much makeup as Streisand's character, and still tried to surrender as a man just because she was wearing men's clothing, this would be considered unacceptable and would cause irritation. Chances are that they will probably be forced to leave the city, or even the country. That is why the "feminine" makeup on Streisand does not give the credibility of the character and only a weak complication. If it was applied only to make Streisand look nicer, it should have been written off. Thirdly, when Ientl / Anschel reveals who is really the end, we are asked to believe that other characters are not as smart as the Streisands, and only when they learn the "truth" become a little wiser. So far it's becoming more and more obvious that the entire plot so far is so drawn out that it is nothing more than a specially built Streisand fuel vehicle. In the end, there are those who are Streisand fans. who will not find a mistake in this movie, his work or songs. For those I have to respect with disagreeing. Although she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I am not a "fan" of her style of singing. However, I have enjoyed many of her other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not a "hatred" nor did I go to her. I wrote this review from a sincere perspective, from someone who tried to watch this movie - several times even - and noticed problems in myself. If Streisand was interested in creating a great or even convincing film, she could do so by not injecting her need to show and prove how talented she was, beautiful and smart at almost every step. This movie does nothing more than hurt its abilities, make it seem complacent, and in this way converts a film into a laugh-fest that is not worth the fans or audiences.
