Michael Villiams, who works for the BBC, finds some sort of impressive Italian painting that mixes in the material of his current assignment called DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARI. But since his mysterious death, her daughter, Emily, is emotionally upset, so she goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture is, with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is a countess, who is also psychic, and she informs him that the picture was somehow made on the night when a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe in his story, but after that, Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill was killed ... This Italian film, of course, almost innocuously influenced the Eccorcista, but this is a much cheaper, much simpler and more meaningful, much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily's reincarnation of Emilia. But, when Emily sees in flashbacks, she is perceived exclusively from the point of view of the third person. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, she needs and must see the past from nothing but Emilia's point of view. Such confusion, which the film has a lot, is almost exclusively based on the problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, and not ambivalent, to specify its quasi-Freudian theme, that is, the pre-adolescent girl's one-way incestual desire. . To make things worse, this movie also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless to be a real and / or convincing living man. As for Emily (or Emily), she is still a child, and it can be said that it's hard to blame, mostly because of naivety and helplessness. (And according to the Freudian theory, every girl wants to have a child of her father in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not purely pathological, but only her way of excluding other women from the father's love is problematic pathologically, as I already mentioned, this film is alone by itself, cowardly to be a Freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are childish and naive and helpless, such as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even a psychic who can see almost anything can not do anything on earth, and because of the same weakness, the story itself ends with a poor escapist way. In addition, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and funny. Although Stelvia Cipriani music is worthy of attention (really this is so good it seems to be worth it), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-movie that can disappoint even in the 1970s - the Italian-horror-film -People.
