The MTV-style filmmaker, consisting of American producer of TV programs Zack Zardin (Matt Borlenghi), his cameraman, Australian Cecilia (Kate Fisher) and two surfer dudes named God Hall (Dak Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West ) arrive at some on a beautiful island somewhere, in fact it is not revealed where. The crew plans to record an exposé on 'bloody blood', which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. Surfers drop the bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, only to see if they can pull them out without eating them. There they are welcomed by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their quest for the perfect location leads them to the Lilo-Cai waters that attacked the sharks. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmia (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to their boat. Shortly after the arrival and recording of 'bloody', Sonny, Melba and Lemmia were killed by a 30-foot crocodile, some of whom say they own an island. The ship sank. Zack, Cecilia, God and Jeremy look stuck on the island until a rescue team arrives. However, after running with someone, I do not know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Fatty ugly people who just do not like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? That's not safe. In any case, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, they were buried only along the coast of the island by Captain John Duncan (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arti (Tarin Reif as Tara Reif). The film crew believes they are saved. They do not know enough that Crocodile and Captain Dirks are coming back, and he has points and four members of the film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cai for the final account with a crocodile eating a man. Director James James D.R. Hikkok is a horrible movie, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie is bullshit. The Scenario of Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levi's terrible, extremely slow because the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30-minute mark, and by that time I was seriously bored and angry at the disgusting characters that Bernard and Bribe had conceived. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable, and in the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with the stereotypes of horror films and stock figures will be able to guess who dies and who will survive. Crocodile effects are terrible and seem to repeat over and over, there is a small puppet head that obviously has a hand stuck in it controlling her movements while spraying water becomes enormous! CGI crocodile images are simply unpleasant to watch. No worse except when the figure is half-scored, which is achieved by using CGI to digitally remove the legs of the actors, it looks terrible again. There is also a short scene when somebody is stuck on wooden spikes when they place a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus female actresses are beautiful and light on the eye. There are also basic continuity and logical errors in the film, in one sequence that Cecili recorded by God and Jeremy, but from the angle and distance it is physically impossible to get shots and sharks and surfers at the same time. Time, and it's certainly the whole point of her blow? When Dirks manages to harp crocodile, the wire angle dramatically changes between the shots, in one frame the angle of the line seems to come from the sky, in the frame immediately after the angle is completely different and it seems that the line comes from below the surface of the water when it is actually harpoon attached to the back of the boat and the lines should be almost in the plane with the surface. I could proceed, as if the crocodile jumped from the edge of the cliff if it's so smart as this film is trying to figure out? But I would probably cross the 1000-word limit if I listed all that was wrong with this movie, so I will not. I hated this movie, but pretty terrible, it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers's effort on a huge crocodile film. Definitely need to avoid.
