Oh, CGI. Blessing when properly used. Sin used by people who have no idea what they are doing. Unfortunately, this is not the only thing that is badly used in this countless Javs rip-off. 1: I love low-budget horror movies. And 2: If there's a nice guy in the low-budget movie, I'll usually outline them. So, let's get this off the road now. This is a low-budget horror movie that I did not like. The acting is, for the most part, terrible, the effects are ridiculous, and the script rivals Battlefield Earth as the worst thing I've seen this year. As for the sweet boy ... Dak Miller (God) wins these awards. This guy is hot! And surprisingly, he is not just a tense body with nice eyes and a sweet ass ... he can actually act (well, as much as he can in this disgusting movie). Now that we have housework from the road, let's continue with that. In the Cliff Notes version, here are the stories (do not worry, I will try not to give anything) ... The film crew travels to a remote island to record a documentary about two surfers (a well-established sweet boy and his friend) surfing the sharks. The crocodile of salt water that is lurking around the island is unknown to them. The crook appears, there is a riot, and people are eating. Loans at the end of the game. As I said earlier, this film has hit a lot. It started pretty well, but it soon became stupid and stupid. The main character becomes lunch (in a rather humorous way), and our remaining heroes pronounce one liner for the cost of the victims. Also, if this crocodile is on top of the food chain on the ground and in the water, what about all these sharks around? If this thing can eat a boat of 40 feet, I do not think it would keep a few sloppy sharks. FKS is some of the worst I've ever had to see. CGI is terrible, and even managed to screw up animatronic crocs. Attention, filmmakers. National Geographic. Discoveri Store. Croc Hunter. They know how crocodiles look. You obviously did not mention any of these, judging by the monstrosity that was seen at the end of the film. And what about the pirate / drug gang? Did you need another reason to pull away the female tip? It's weird that we get small sub-genres in the film world. With Alligator and his sequels, Lake Placid, Crocodile, and now Blood Surf, now it looks as though movies of too many crocodiles / alligators are now in the Blockbuster category. Aligator was good. Lake Placid was good. I even thought that Kobe Tobe Hooper was good. Blood Surf, isisan. <br /> <br /> My Rating: D-
