Although it seems to be an old show (2002), I watched my first episode last night and I must say that it must be the worst broadcast. . . Never. I did not have to post comments, but I was so shocked that there could be a show that is attackingly trying to instill, and I just assume it was their target audience, children under 12 years old or people with less than average IK. The episode I was exposed last night contained so many unconnected stories, I tried to include EVERY possible summary of the ideas and while I am trying to preach about friendship, family, religion and politics !!!. The basic story they dealt with in the episode: Frat House hazing was wrong with too much alcohol - Death Turns out that the senator is a son who wants the FBI to investigate. Death is actually killing a peanut allergy Senator thinks it could be his sworn enemy and the best childhood child who did it because the senator took the money for his vote for legislation, but eventually he received conscience and said he did not mean militarians. Everyone is suspected, but everyone has a common alibi (an ex-girlfriend who married a married teacher, so he had to lie, an unhappy student reported by the victim had really experienced a change of life, the senator's enemies did not pay the desperate students to kill the son of the oath enemies, gives money to many students). As long as the heroine of this hat has her niece who is 'in those years' and is in love with a boy, with whom she ultimately gets the courage to talk with her aunt, but only to dismiss him because 'in' girls say that she is not good enough and to hold it in his hands, she rejects him. Do not worry, she returns with the boy after learning the truth about life and 'girls' falling in her, Auntie also explains that God is the only one who really can rely on it (I was almost sick) This "drama" gets even better when Sue and her FBI team find out who the killer is. . . You will laugh, surely. . . It is one of Frat's boys who found only a year ago that he was adopted and that his real father is an international terrorist and that he is trying to impress the real dad by killing a boy and placing a bomb at a funeral. . . . . . . . The characters are cardboard acting cardboard, continuity is cardboard storyboard cardboard Anyone who says he likes this show has a cardboard for the brain Why the writers of this have shown that they are trying to pack themselves in EVERY event in one show, which means that they obviously do not have confidence in character development or the ability of actors to perform a simple line of complication. Watching this show is like watching 'Last Action Hero' with Arnie kills 5'000 people with tooth pick, except Arnie is a better actor (he never thought it would be day to say yes !!) /> According to the Simpsons' beloved character 'strip character'. . . . THE LARGEST TV SHOW. . . . . EVER.
