Vov. Rarely when I felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this is a special prayer for beatdovn. Let's start from the beginning. First, screenwriter and director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the tired old role of the victim, along with the necessary violent wife and dull suburban existence. Let's immediately say that almost all the content in this boring film is completely exhausted and banal. Patford's attempt to symbolize a Christmas tree without a star is ridiculous. When she comes out on some Christmas paper to wrap a dark and evil night, Della is angry that someone has parked their car twice on the busiest shopping night of the year. Decides to do something, leaving a nasty note on the car's windshield. The next fifteen minutes of the film is dedicated to Delli walking around in a shopping mall without any difficulty. When she finally comes to her car, the bandits face her with a message, a policeman is killed, and she runs, and they grab her, and she pulls out, and they get more and more still, and still on. Everything is completely predictable and rude. Bandits are neither intimidating nor frightening, and they are all taken one by one in all the usual ways. This is one of those movies in which all actions depend on whether the characters are as stupid as you can imagine. Why do bad guys do not kill me instead of waiting to hit them with iron iron. And once, only once, in this kind of film, does the leader of the pack have to die the last time? What does the fact that everyone is chosen one by one when everyone is equally incompetent? Much of the film is simply composed by Lukas Haas who runs around in the woods and screams "Della !!!" And the Joi Division's inclusion on the soundtrack of this poor film is insulting. The part that really forced me to run for the computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and hurt, cried out to heaven, "Where are you, God?" Where, indeed, was the god when this film recorded? I give him 2 just because of a competent cinema and lighting, and it's not as bad as "BTK Killer", the ultimate marker for evaluating each terrible film. Cheers!
