After three times, I still have no idea what this is about, because, quite frankly, it did not cause any real interest or concern. But here goes: The crowd is too old to be a teenager A teenage actress dressed in a terrible fashion from the 1980s (do we look like that) decides it would be a good idea to get into a motorboat and go to abandoned Alcatraz after one of them has the skulls of people slaughtered in various scary ways that tackle POLTERGEIST, ZLO DEAD and Freddy Kreuger in one run. He even imagined he was baking in an open fire with some deformed freak that cuts chains from the saw. The good thing is that it was only a dream or that it hurt, and it's a good thing that his dreams had a decent budget for special effects. My men are usually pretty miserable: Girls, model spaceships, destroy the bazooka, etc. Once on the island of Alcatraz, they are in the Slasher movie and meet with Tony Basil, they can not help but occasionally break into a pair of dance poses and have their own lighting team (complete with a smoke machine for that smoke fog in 1980, pierced with light, which I somehow miss). And that reminded me that Ms. Basil helped choreographer David Birne from the Talking Heads for some of his videos and plays. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but it was constantly coming to mind when the movie set up very little to actually think about. This kind of happens, and you can either watch or continue to work on your page tag on the TV. But since the movie is not very interesting, you will continue to decide to finish one more thing instead of wasting time, the movie will end, and you will be wondering what you missed every time you realize that the loans begin to turn again, damn ... < * NEKI * Teen Horror films from the 1980s can survive such specialized viewing: GHOSTHOUSE Umberta Lena, CHOPPING MALL and these are Killbots, it's hard to ignore NIGHT CREEPS and more to the top SLEEPAVAI CAMP I'm all falling to mind. These are movies that, like them or not, require your attention and usually pay off with some good up or T & A, and mistakes in your work as proof that you watched TV instead of a keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (as the British version is called) has some really good things, but honestly, I do not care. And nothing more disturbing is that confronting the art of any genre that does not inspire admiration, some decent enemy or even good good sincere hatred for her. The film is satisfied with the calming of all 80 minutes and has never achieved anything more than sometimes disturbing, despite my greatest efforts to try to give him a chance, but not the dice. There is some unusual production design that is sometimes used, lighting is striking, and occasional outbursts of michael will probably keep interested fans of the 1980s. The rest of you should be warned: YOU WILL WAIT IF YOU ARE ASAPED AS IN 1987, and the answer is probably more disgusting than anything that happens on the screen. Try to watch it as a free hire if possible, so if you are disappointed, you have not stuck with the damn thing: movies like this occupy a valuable place on shelves that are often on the edge of these days, what with the world that ends ...
