A really bad movie, with a few good moments or quality. Begins with pregnant Linda Blair, who runs down the corridors to escape the monsters or people with villas, I'm not sure. She jumps out the window and wakes up, and we see she is very pregnant. The degree of pregnancy varies throughout the film. She and the boring and perhaps retarded boy I thought her son was traveling to an abandoned hotel on the island. Italian horror directors find the most irritating boys who put in their movies! On the island are David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking girlfriend (you know how Germans like Hasselhoff ...). She photographed, and translated the esoteric German book about witches, I think. They also travel to the island the older couple who bought it, and the real estate agent and the woman I thought was their daughter. It was obviously an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the children of the older couple. I guess they all traveled to the island together, but it really seemed that Linda and the boy were separate from the others (maybe they were shot separately). The hotel looks neat, safe from the exterior, but is not used for any great effect. The old girl in bad makeup and the black robe continues to appear to the boy and sometimes sings something in German, which he finally records on his Sesame Street recorder. , or sucked into hell or something like that. Some of these scenes are fine, but not enough to recommend the film. Although the copy I looked at was said to be uncircumcised on the cover of the box, the death of a character whose veins explode seems to have been cut out. Most of the scene shows the images of another person's reaction, because we do not see anything ourselves. The creepiest scene is the one in which a man or a demon with a really messed up mouth wounds someone. He looked particularly nasty. There is a funny and painful bad scene in which Linda Blair is obsessed. I wish it was a horror movie horror, they would do something original with her role, and let the Ecorcist leave behind (except for the annual horror conventions). In the strange, mostly Italian, tradition of the claim that it is a continuation of something that is not related, it is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is, the sequel is the sequel to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988 ) - it's not (it's also a better movie than this). La Casa 1 and two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - they had nothing to do with Vitchera and La Casa 3 (and much better than them). There is Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which seems to want to be a sequel to the fake La Casa series and series House: House (1986) House II: The Other Story (1987), Horror Shov (1989) AKA House III and House IV (1992). How does The Horror Shov fit in there? In fact, it was not claimed to be a continuation, so it is necessary that the actual entry of the series be renamed to cause less (or more?) Confusion. Strange, Horror Shov is also AKA Horror House, and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Do you still have a headache?
