Vitchcraft / Vitcheri / La Casa 4 / and all you want to call it. The gathering of people at the resort on the Massachusetts Island is surrounded by the forces of the black magic of a wicked witch who kills every individual using cruel, tedious methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes photos of Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and behavior resembles EE-IOR from a cartoon Vinnie the Poo), a witch studying sorceress, on an island resort without a permit. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, an incredibly rough bitch) is interested in buying a resort and, together with her husband, Freddie (Robert Champagne, who always studies other women much younger than him), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and granddaughter Tommy Manchester, who just looks bored, probably wants to watch the Sesame Street instead of playing in that garbage), go to the resort to look at the property of Rick Farnsvorth, obviously a puppy in the womb becomes wet. Along with these people is also Leslie Cumming, a figure of the nymph, who could help Rose make up the resort. The captain of the ship killed Lady in black (Hildegard Knef, wearing her lipstick and a stick for extra dense) and a storm was created. The boat is moving by itself (... guided by the invisible power of Ladies in black, I suppose) with everyone stuck in an ornate resort, which is a terrible need for repairs. Most of the victims, before they met their terrible fate, are carried through a red worm that spins a vortex into another dimension (perhaps some type of hell, or something like that), where these people are dressed in clothing with skinny clothes. One victim has a mouth planted before it is hung upside down in a chimney, baked while others burn a fireplace. A poor soul was tormented by a sharp twist of a rope tightly wrapped around her body before it was found hanging at the sword's spear that penetrated her neck. One guy is slowly squinting while his veins are bleeding (and bleeding), and the blood vessels of the door shoot at Hasselhoff's face! One guy was stabbed with nails that slammed into his hands before he hung upside down over an open flame. The blissful pregnant victim becomes obsessed with her hair standing in the end, speaking in the voice of another woman. One of them was raped by this demonic man with "sick" mouths, while hellish hobbies standing in the vicinity joyfully cheering. The film, despite the excesses, is mostly boring food for those who really want to see the lowest point in the career of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve better than this. Almost unbearable, sometimes without any tension. Inconvenient execution of death sequences that look cheap and funny. Certainly, some are up fine, but most of the films show the victims after they went through the bell. We have the opportunity to see pregnant women (.. who look just like stunt-wore boots with bad wigs) popping out of the window on three floors. Oh, and the reflected face of the Lady in Black often appears on inanimate objects to see the characters. Tommy has a small Sesame Street Recorder that records The Ladi in black mumbo jumbo tunes, apparently used later. For some reason, Lady in black likes to visit little Tommy. He does not scare her at all, because Tommy is too boring to show any expression on her face, and even less fear. Do I have to say more? This is a real stink. Ugh.
