There are many different versions of this one floating around, so make sure you can locate one of the unclassified copies, otherwise you may be missing some up and one nudity scene. Some versions also omit most of the opening and other bits here and there. The cut I saw has a title on the VITCHCRAFT screen: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and it was released by Shriek Shov, which kept the original title of the American edition of VITCHERI for DVD release. It's a convenient printout and it seems to have all the recordings, but there are some problems with cropping / relationship. It was published in Italy as LA CASA 4 (VITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA editions were in fact the first two films of GOLD DEAD (third) and the third LA CASA was another movie of the same production company (Filmirage), which is best known in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, VITCHERI was also published in other places like GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually a BUG: DEMONS 3. Okay, it's better to shut up now. I start to confuse myself! Regardless of the title, this is a very hororous effort. Some of them are good, some are not. I was actually in this film in the first half, but in the end it became a senseless mess. A large, empty hotel located on the island, about 50 miles from Boston, is an ambience, as different people pick up one German witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to record "Vitch Light" and his girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who studies witchcraft, are sent without permission to the hotel. In addition, real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsvorth) comes in, showing the property to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. They are also their children; pregnant adult daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as overseen architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff wife at that time). When everyone is in, their boat is killed (hanged) and the boat disappears, so they are trapped and practically at the mercy of the "Ladies in Black". So what can you expect to find here? A lot of inconvenience! One of the characters has seamed lips, and then the heads are hung in the fireplace and accidentally slowly baked with the rest of the plaster. There is also a crucifix, witches that eat a dead baby, a swordfish through the head, someone is burned, possessed, a Sesame Street recorder, a virgin raped by a demon, the guys of the veins are bulging and exploding thanks to voodoo dolls and some other things. From a technical point of view, it's a nice movie with pretty good cinematography, a decent result and good effects up there. The hotel / island setting is also pretty good. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross seem to be having fun and Knef is as good as an evil witch. Although people like to mock Hasselhoff these days, he is not bad in his role. On the underside, despite all the above, the film looks a bit boring and becomes monotonous after about an hour. . And supernatural topics are confused and confusing. When the characters were pulled into the veil of the witches to be tortured and killed, directors unreasonably decided to override the screaming actors over some stupid red spiral effect of a whirlwind that looks extremely syrus. The witch itself is empty and cheaply designed with unfinished wood. And while most actors are at least decent, several performances (especially "actress" playing Hasselhoff's girlfriend and child) are so bad that they constantly hinder.
