About my ... bad clothes, worse synthetic music and the worst: David Hasselhoff. The Eighties returned with a vengeance in Vitchera, an American-Italian co-production led by the infamous Joe 'D'Amato on the production side and a short-term director (thank heaven for the little wonders) Fabrizio Laurenti director. Sold as a kind of sequel to the Sam Raimi's Evil Dead series in Italy (called "La Casa"), Vitcheri brings some modest foods from the top and bad acting. Combining the story of ghosts, ownership and sorcery, the film refuses clueless from scene to another, not allowing serious wooden actors and hilarious day and night micro-ups to slow down their progress to the expected ending, at the top with a serious the peak of VTF surprises. (I just like the expression on her face ...) Surprisingly, Laurenty manages to collect some tension and malice in several - very few - scenes; Unhappily for him, these few short glances on the mild movie magic quickly and efficiently descend. Plus the sides are experienced when it hits the blower up. This department is quite effective and fun in the classic style of latex and red color Italo-gore in the '80s, when things are made 100% manually and so shocking and vivid as might be allowed by modest budgets. I could only look with sadistic joy and a few ports all the ways that the disgusting characters (and the actors) were corrupted and abused, one by one. I was just sorry Linde Blair, who obviously was not able to try any other role other than the good old obsessed girl / woman ever in his career, or it looks like he checks his filmography. <br /> <br /> Well, people - not much more to say, and even less to say home. Do not expect too much when you pass the rainy afternoon with this, and you will probably experience at least some kind of fun. It also helps you if your rotten little heart pulsates in the rhythm of the 80's horror. And when we talk about hearts - every movie that has David Hasselhoff, who leaves him with a large metal object and is very bleeding in rooms and corridors, must have one in the right place. It's my truth - is it yours?
