50 years after the Second World War, the United States was in a country where key segments of the economy dominated military interests. At the same time, due to drafts and wars, everyone in the society served, or were connected with someone who had it. It has enabled minigers based on the idea of ​​American intelligence in the middle of an inflexible military machine. Sometimes this machine was a non-American army, for example in the situation of prisoners of war. Once the stories were removed in other machines: science fiction and corporation, but they always refer to this military genre, and indeed testosterone recordings of the action even point to their comedian. You can follow him, I think perhaps starting with the comic, which means Amrican, the "Great Escape" section, which immediately produced TeeVee offspring in "Gomer Pile" and "Hogan Heros". Then the second wave caused "Catch 22" and "MASH", both were real life, then books, then movies, and in the case of MASH, then TeeVee. , was "Phil Silvers Shov", about sergeant Bilk, and this came from "Mr. Roberts." A happy fraudster, who committed only harmless crimes, and then only in response to an overly gruesome system that tried to limit his life. That was the day when TeeVee showed importance. You absorbed them instead of just carrying them to work to talk. It was not particularly clever, except in finding that cracks between what we wanted to control and freedom. His large area in which the Americans developed a way of thinking about an oppressive, even a lovely lie in a military context, a zone that one of our political parties has appropriated here. <br /> <br Because of its large, sometimes it pays off in laughter. "Stripes" is pretty damn funny I thought. He had an unmanaged factory that actually won serious enemies, in a way, agreed in a Dirty Dozen. And sexual adventure. Now, much before the escalation of cultural wars. He tries to touch this sweet spot, as well as other treatments that have been spurned by Steve Martin. It's so inconvenient that you are actually the root of the army to be a stronger player. Another way to keep track of how companies work out handles on military power.
