Maybe I'm really old, but I really missed the old Funny Bone. There must surely be something wrong in this Irish (it's me, Schultz!). God, Lord, what would I do to see the light! First, that Phil Silvers manic energy, wit and driving was part of comedian education and overall education in life, if you like. Although it is possible that the series, for the first time called: "NEVER WILL SURVIVE" (1955-59 *), could be found on the CBS TV network with someone else in the title role Sgt. Bilko, it is very difficult to imagine another actor / comedian in a job carrying the lines of a master sergeant. Such strong identification is inevitable, though not the same type of caricature that destroys the nightmare. that they showed up to some other guys, such as Claiton More ("The Lone Ranger"), George Reeves ("Adventure SUPERMAN") and Charles Nelson Riley ("UNCLE CROCS BLOCK"). One of the main obstacles to successfully adapting and updating such work from the TV screen from 1950 to the film Film Ideas from the 1990s is our collective memory. Although they were not sure which percentage of the crowd remembered Bilkov's character that he had seen the original edition and early renewal of the union, their number was certainly significant; even a large part of the young people saw Bilka repeating in recent times. It was obvious that the new film and source were miles; or even light years. <br /> <BR> How would you not consider it to be completely square, old grouch, please consider some other points. Right here today, November 14th In the year of our Lord 2007, let me swear and confirm under Oath that I was a fan of Steve Martine for nearly 30 years. Furthermore, I enjoyed the wit and talents of Bilko '96 Co-Stars Dan Acroid and Late Phil Hartman. Ultimately, these were talents like this and many others, the Alumni "NBC; Saturday Night" and "SECOND CITI TV" which held the last quarter of the 20th century in laughter. But BILKO again; just did not click. Perhaps the film was made as a Comedy Service (they always liked it!), but without Bilko Shov's name and given it some identity, it would be more highly valued than old guys like me. So, we already had so many series and series of cartoons that we've turned into movies lately, what's next? How does one do Hal Roach in World War II comedy series sergeants DOUBLEDAI & AMES and the first series of cartoons "CRUSADER RABBIT"? Remember where you first heard it! POODLE SCHNITZ!
