Already in my days as the Private Lessons, which played in the 4-plexus, I worked. It was a hit that was sold on Friday and Saturday for a few weeks. I've never been able to see him, but I saw that it had been through the weekend, so I decided to try it. What I saw over the next 90 minutes was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and who has been hard-pressed to watch me. The basic story is a teenager who wishes her sexy maid (Silvia) Kristel). It seems that she also feels attracted to the boy, but for more evil reasons. So we get the scene of a boy who watches to get rid of him and calls him to watch. And then it goes. Eric Brown, as a teenager, has to be one of the worst actors I've ever seen. His "frightened" reactions every time Silvia takes off a piece of clothing or touches him is terrible. I did not laugh even once during this piece of garbage. And do not start with the clerk of the maid and the chauffeur who are planning to extort money from a small one. Let's just say it's about fake death, burial of the body ... I could go on and on, but it's becoming more funny. Sex sex is the worst I've ever seen. Although Eric Brovn was older than he looked, the fact is that he looks like a baby. It seems that he has no idea how to kiss a woman (if it was an act then I might need to think again of my criticisms of Brown) and he simply came too close to the border with child pornography to be erotic. I've never been so rejected by the sex scene, although Miss Kristel is pretty nice with and without clothes. ** SPOILER WARNING ** I have to mention the last scene. For me, it's just sick, but I can remember that the audience is cheering, while the film freezes framed and broken into credits. Our hero returns to school and starts flirting with one of the teachers. He pours for dinner and she looks at him like Tom Cruise just called it. She nods affirmatively and he leaves, triumphantly laughing at the camera. Give me a break! Yes, I'm sure teachers could risk everything for an obvious teenager everywhere. I will never understand the attraction this film had in 1982. teen com comedy with nudity that bombed the cashier. And let's think that the same teenagers who cheered for this movie 22 years ago are now working their way to corporate ladders and maybe helping to lead this country. It's a scary thought.
