We put aside political correctness and we are just looking at it in terms of numerous sexual comedies that came out in the 1980s, because I do not think this is better or any of the others. Unless your religious cheek or abstinent woman probably does not see a stupid movie like this one without preparing for the content, and I personally had a totally harmless feeling to this before and after watching. The story is set in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a wealthy 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philli" Fillmore (Eric Brovn) is naturally inflated like hell and begins to spy on an attractive girl who has just started working for her father. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Silvia Kristel) is friendly to Philly, but things get warm when his father leaves the city to work and starts flirting with him to the extent that he He calls him to the bedroom to watch how he gets down. Philli is awkward and does not know how to react in the beginning, but soon she goes for it and has sex, but as if it was horrified that Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of the sarcastic driver Hovard Hesseman, they apparently buried her body, but a message from the blackmailer appeared, and Philli must take $ 10,000 from her father. Philli is shocked when Nicole appears and finds out that it was all the plan of extortion set by Lester and that she did it only because she was an illegal alien and if she did not do what was told to him, Lester would call. immigration office. Together they are trying to repay his father's money before returning home and they are seeking help from Jack (Ed Beglei Jr.) Who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a cop scared of Lester. This little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million but earned over $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films at the time to be so successful that it led me to I wonder why it was a hit, not any other one in the genre. Director Alan Mierson can boast that he made a hit movie, but the truth is that he never had a career in films, although he was still very successful on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I thought it might be because of Kristel and before you decide I'm crazy to listen to my thoughts. Kristel was an international star because of her soft-core films, so for many reasons adult adults who were thinking of free will look at her in an American film that received a wide release. In addition, the same adults would also be nostalgic about their own youth and fantasy about being taught by the old way of attracting an older woman who brings a much younger audience that is probably still very inexperienced and curious about the movie. After all, that's my thought, and if somebody has another reason why I'd like to hear it, but back to the film itself it's obvious (and very sad) that a film like this probably would never be able to do (except in Europe) because of the religiousness of the right and other perverse freaks that simply can not be reconciled with the fact that the teenager who was lying to him will not do any harm. In fact, it's a valuable service that ALL CHILDREN is praying for! The film itself is awkward, and Kristel's body is doubly obvious in certain scenes, especially if you closely monitor the difference in their nipples. The story (although intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so the images of bare scenes that are really the norm for this genre are left behind.
