This film was played by the completely forgotten 1930s star star, Jack Pearl (Baron Munchausen Radio) and Jimmi Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is charged as a movie "Three Stooges" because they are the only ones in the movie that an average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize the beautiful Edna Mai Oliver as well as Zazu Pits. As for Stooges, this is a movie from the early days - before MGM had any idea what to do with it. At this point, they were known as "Ted Heali and his Stooges" as Heali was the front man. Fortunately for Stooges, they soon left this nasty and rather untouched man (read it - you will see what I mean), and the rest is history. Within a year, they made very successful short shorts for Columbia, and MGM managers soon began to worry about losing their team. Such a thing was a common occurrence in MGM, a large studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (such as Buster Keaton, Laurel, Hardy, Abbot, Costell, etc.). In fact, until they went to Colombia, MGM put them in various film roles - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Cravford at DANCING LADY. And, strangely, in this film they did not act as a team - they did various supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! This film begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African Jungle. When they are saved and brought home, every sense of the film structure breaks down, and the film becomes almost like a diverse performance - interrupted by scenes with guides here and there. As for Pearl, I really could see why he never succeeded in moving to movies, because he has a shot (but a bit less welcome). Regarding Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - as far as his films were concerned - he was loud and ... loud! Apparently he took the time to help MGM destroy the career of Buster Keaton in order to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that usually fall fairly evenly. In this film Stooges have not yet had the right chemistry. It's strange that Heali is doing the job Moe did in later films. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they came in and out of the camera too quickly to allow them to get involved in their routines. Stooges fans could be very frustrated about this, although fans who want to die want to see this so they can complete their life goal to see everything Stooge - even spoiled Joe DeRita and Joe Besser films (oh, and it became bad after the death of Shampoo and Curley. All in all, the film is pretty boring and disappointing, but there are a few interesting things to look for in disarray, about 13 minutes, you will see a short scene where she sings a tour guide on the bus. Watch carefully, because this is Valter Brennan at the ul Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the song "Pure As Whistle", which begins about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is an obvious example of the so-called "pre-code" scene that would never was allowed in movies after 1934 (when the production code was strengthened) Despite the words "Clean" in the title, it's a very exciting number with naked women who show a lot of meat - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! This is quite shocking when seen today, although such excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, at the 63rd minute, we see that Jimmi Durante has set racing relations for several decades. Watch the movie, you'll see that I think!
