Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload, but nothing else was added to the original. What surprised me was that the story was quite drastically changed in relation to the 1968 film. In the beginning, it aroused my interest, but what ultimately surprised was that the new flips were obviously fictitious in order to present us a typical Hollywood product and (b) make the whole story incredible! The 1968 story was stunningly clear and did not include weather storms or any fake things: it just stated that when you came home after a long trip, things may have changed slightly. The land may have fallen into the hands of the monkey, for example. Like many 'old' movies, the main ingredient was uncertainty (hell, does anyone understand these words these days?). In this Burton film, an attempt was made to turn all this into an action movie, but at what cost? Surely, the pictures are startling, and a lot of time and money have been invested in the design of a complete monkey culture (even monkey music!) But what's wrong? First, the suspense of unbelief is very difficult, since monkeys have many Hollywood-human characteristics. I'm referring specifically to Ari and slave trader. These qualities include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm and an openly demonstrated set of 'subtle' emotions. You forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is necessary. Second, people speak. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the monkeys talked and people did not make the reversal of the monkey / human role very tangible and emphasizing in the 1968 version. The wound in the throat that Charlton Heston has arrived there is essential to his survival, and his later return to speech is relevant to his uniqueness and interest that Dr. Zira has in him (hence, there is no need for things such as human rights activists or Monkey human love Thirdly, the fact that they are telling ads to a great extent on the incredible, but a necessary craft in a new movie, since Captain Davidson had to play Hollywood-let's save-in-the-world-and-well-done- for-everyone-and-yet-to-make-of-the-bar-for-a-cool-diet-coke Character Oh, my God, will not he ever learn? I am novel from the beginning, when only one guy who was lost! It took them a hero! And then the script writers continue to think: we need one guy ... well, why one man is lost ... because he is trying to save the monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... unbelievable! But this is necessary because it shows the audience to respect the monkeys! Because, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have a xenophobic monkey hatred like Charlton Heston, 68 characters on the screen: give them a version a gum! The fourth, well, general reversal of the original 'truth discovery' from the 1968 movie to the modern version (he finds that his own mother ship collapsed on the planet many years ago and that their monkey laboratories developed their own society, where Heston simply discovered that it was just, somehow, that the monkeys had run over the ground while absent). The second, the battle part comes as an anti-climax. This is because this film added the first two films of the Planet Of The Apes to one action. A nice try, but the cold you feel when Davidson and you discover that it is forever lost on the planet, just washed out because of an uninteresting battle. Fifth: End !!! For God's sake, who did it? (a) Davidson crashes TVICE with its rescue capsule, which looks like a defective object, while the chimpanzee manages to simply agree gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are really small space crafts (Davidson simply flies to space at the end), not only to avoid ships, he may at least succeed in landing safely, right? And what about this ending? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything was going on the ground. But here: the entire film takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Tadea) is the monkey culture on earth? How to? Did the monkeys of distant planets evolve technologically, flew into a storm and colonize the country before the Davidson mission flew? Why is Tade adored? Stupid stupid stupid. Helena Bonham Carter is even beautiful and beautiful as a monkey, but I did not expect anything less. I loved her monkey above Estela Varren as a man, but maybe I got a wire in my head. However, the only persuasive monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (beautiful!) And the Aryan's host monkey (former general, but I forgot his name). Nonono, many things can and should have added / changed to a picture from 1968, but not a plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and there was no need for additional explanations. It was a nice tongue and caricature. Do not stylize everything ...
