"Well, Chuck Jones is dead, allowing his characters to add cheap explosions, an American style style, and give them super power." "But, sir, are not we all ready to have several shows in works that are already like this? Do not throw much less anywhere around your original dreams of the creators." "Yes, these shows make us a bunch of money, and we need more!". "But will not every man, woman and child, who grew up with this time less characters, be upset?". "You are dreaming right! Put it in the future, make all the descendants of the original characters, and change all the names a bit ... but not too much, though, we still need to be able to help the success of classics." So this is the only reason I can imagine why it exists at all. If you look alongside the terrible desecration of our beloved Loonei Toons, then it looks like OK shov. But then there is already a teenage teenager, which is the same bloody thing. All the characters are dressed as a batman, they ride in some sort of ship fighting super evil, they have super powers, the only difference is that they somehow talk like Loonei melodies and have similar names and character traits. Such things fall into "it's so funny to be good" type category. Think about the Super Mario Brothers movie, and Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh at the wrong reasons, check out this. If you are from a younger generation (for what this thing is actually intended), and you can look at the greedy managers without any shame, then run with it and enjoy. If you enjoy this cartoon, I do not have a problem with you, these are the people who have calculated this thing together to which I am angry. You know how they say that piracy is like car theft; this performance is like plundering the grave. They could dig up all the people involved in the original caricature, push them to the show, put them in pirate costumes and collect money. If this series did not use characters (those who did not resemble Loone Toon at all) who already made millions of studies, then that would be fine. But not! For the shame of Varner Brothers, for shame. If I saw this thing as a 30 second gag on a Simpsons episode or Famili Gui, I would love to. I can not believe it's ever been made. I could bet that 80% of people working on this show hate it. But whatever it matters, in 10 years this show will be forgotten, while the originals will live forever or at least until the world is over. "2008 comes, Snoopy and Peanut Peanuts are back, and now they have friction lasers and can become invisible. Can Charlee Brovn defeat the evil alien Zaporic Zapor?"
