Looni Tunes have at least twice ventured into the future. For the first time he was with the brilliantly funny "Duck Dodgers". The last time was with this? the mind ?? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without merit and can be considered a good product if it is not about the quality of the Varner Brothers. The World Bank's cartoons are known for their rude humor, attracting at least the same as adults and children. These episodes of superheroes for pedestrians, on the other hand, can not convince adults to convey them. The premise of the series is that 6 ordinary individuals (2 rabbits, Tasmanian devil, duck, roadrunner, and coyote) live on the "city planet" in Acmetropolis and get super power when the meteor hits the planet 2772. What it is confusing that these titles in the title chapter show those individuals with the number 2772 of the 21st century. Sweet, but stupid stupid. In every episode, super sextet? amidst mildly entertaining but essentially banal jokes? fighting against various superstitions. In most cases, these are the types that appear in all the central adventurous series of superheroes and even some better ones. Like many of the core superhero series, this too seriously understands the villains for the context. And of course, these guys are the only characters who laugh? usual wicked laughter, of course. Why are the villains in foreseeable superhero adventures always? ALVAIS ?? it's awful to laugh at every opportunity? It seems that the animated material of this kind leaves laughter solely in the province of the villains and (occasionally) of their people and / or supporters. In fact, the manufacturers of this series have missed their best bets just from on the go. Supersile of powerful characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes not. The problem is that we do not see enough SB to lose. Leki and Ace have quite ordinary biologically generated energy weapons and virtually no personality traits that can be described as "Bugs-like". What we have here is basically dumb and daring "Teen Titans", including its "modern" look, but with animals. Feh. Another wrong step of the program creator is (or are) wicked ones. As already said, this is not terribly imaginative and excessively makes evil-laughter. It is astounding that the writers have completely missed the obvious technique of making villains from the stock of VB characters, as well as the protagonists. Adding a party could be, say, Jupiter Sam? as well as The Fudd, still catching vabbites? as well as Tech E. Coiote turned into a really neurotic negativ ?? et cetera. Ah, sadness about missed opportunities ?. Unfortunately, all this production has gone overtime (that is, the second season). Still, we can rejoice that there is something new for a bunch of 14 people. We can hope for the third season of Duck Dodgers.
