I had great expectations from this movie (the title, translated, is "How to get rid of others"). Finally, the concept is great: a close future in which the ruling elite took on a constant verbal and legislative persecution of the right-wing government of so- who can not prove that they contribute to founding (establishment is called "general good", but in fact means the interests of the ruling capitalist ideology). Very cool idea! Ideal for biting satire! Only, this film completely jokes its chance. Satire comes out only in several scenes and performances of the absurd, but this satire is not maintained; It's neither sharp nor funny. And for the alleged comedy, the movie has almost no funny scene. I suppose a comedy should be in the absurdity of the situation, but the situations are mostly uncomfortable and overly serious, instead of provoking laughter or thinking. errors in disposition. The action should focus on political aspects and it would be wrong to do such a thing, but instead of spending time on a young woman who wrote new laws for entertainment, and who is trying to save everyone by organizing the resistance that sends people to Africa. All this is in addition to that! This film should not be pretend to be so serious! It's a satire! Political statement. But it does not even begin to deal with the problem that it should be. Maybe he was afraid to go too far? How cowardly. It's not art. It's not even a real satire. Søren Pilmark, a very serious and up to now one of the absolutely higher actors in Denmark, was very good. To a large extent he was wearing that little fun value that the film had. Everybody else: nothing special (well, maybe except Lena Poulsen, who gave a convincing performance). In fact, the problem with most Danish films is that the language never sounds natural. No formulation or delivery. Why is it so hard to sound right? Why must it be so stiff and artificial? I hope that when people look at these films for fifty years, they do not think that people talked about it in Danish society. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10.
