If you take care of the child, make sure that they do not live near the cemetery. Especially if the child has a habit of drawing bloody images and disappearing at night among the tombstones to see his 'friends'. But our long-haired heroines, unconscious of all signs, tremble with their Nortons family, which includes a strict father and a dumb elder brother who becomes a love interest for our Buddhist watchdog. Even more spectacular than the zombie gang outside is the inclination of actors to speak even when their lips do not move, and the words do not coincide with the movement of their mouths. But a lot ... The victims are domestic animals, old ladies have eyeballs and the orchestra will not be silenced in any scene, even in silent. Oh, and the editor has a free day according to the way the movie runs. In fact, it would be better for everyone involved to take a breath, feel what they were applying for and left AVOL. Yes, I know that these days it's hard to get into movies, but this starting point is not on your CV that you want. If you were working as a farm worker with a conviction for chicken abuse. Presenting one of the worst performances ever by the piercing Laurel Barnett, and the second almost equally bad by the actress Rosalia Cole, free from charisma, a film that bubbles and continues with nothing but a fall This involves five or six members of the undead who barricaded our extreme a useless heroine in the shed, while a bit of her rudeness was rejected by these spirits with wooden boards, one shotgun and everything she could put on her hands. But back in a minute ... they were in the car before, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found a horn noise so repulsive that they landed on the sound of it. Do they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they go to this abandoned building in the middle of nothing so that the guy can prove what a girl is capable of behaving as if she had a nervous breakdown. film closes. It does not end, it just stops. The main character returns to his vehicle covered with false blood, as if nothing terribly happened. But, dear viewers, something terrible happened. You've just been sitting through one of the bleak, boring movies of horror you've ever seen, and lost 82 minutes of your life that will never come back. Just think ... from now on your mortal bed, what would you sell an hour and 22 minutes just to spend a little more time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
