I will not say that this film is horrible because I saw it up, but it's not even half decent. The action is very confusing. I could not understand what was going on and where things were happening. When the film was over, I was scratching my head. I watched to the end of the points to see if they had something behind them that could clarify things, but when the credits ended, that was it. I felt like I was pulled from one weak point to another during the entire film, with little or no transition between these two films. Character development is very shallow. I could not figure out when someone was angry or resent someone. I did not know if half of the characters were supposed to be drunk, stoned, mentally disturbed, or had a bad actor to show them. It seems that this film is based on stereotypes (it is merit, it is hard to avoid them when filming a singer in a rock band), which should facilitate character development, as many other films have already illustrated the abusive child's suffering or the trial of an addict about heroin trying to be clean. Stereotypes are easy to show, which would explain why so many bad films overplay stereotyped characters. This film, on the other hand, uses stereotypical characters to the left and to the right, but then tries to keep them as incomprehensible as possible. Another problem with the characters is that it seemed that they were discarded without explanation. I guess that's okay, because so little time has been spent on developing characters that I really did not have the opportunity to meet them, so I never missed either of them. Finally, but not least, Seydine was a singer. That's terrible. Supported music is not a prize-winning prize, but is usually suppressed by scratches that came out of Sadia's loud wires. I swear that there is one thing in the movie where it sings a song for at least 10 minutes. I seriously thought that I would have to turn it off during this screaming. Overall, this film is confusing. The characters are poorly developed, the Georgian acting is wooden and stiff, Sadi's character is drawn from one bad situation to another without a story or explanation. The music was unbearable, and I can not remember good reasons to look at this movie if you do not have thirst for film pain.
