Yes, AVA is struggling to let someone forget about this unrealistic show. First, they had a very short interview called Marta O'Neil made by Buck Zumhofe's "Rock n Roll", which looks like a nose. Then Gene Okerland, who, when he got "crazy like a wrestler", said that he was "out of time" or "well-back", acting as if he was crazy, but he actually sounded forcibly. After he went to the VVF, Ken Resneck took over the job even though his frustration seemed to be like a Sunday soup stuck, but it was a very good interviewer that "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the mouse face that clutched me from the chair. After jumping from the boat, Larry Nelson came to a boat that was so bad that Phillis George was an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod, the best wrestler who ever made every sword match with his description of the blows! Then they offered him more to pay a hockey team from Minnesota North Stars. On a ring that could forget Roger Kent who misinterpreted words and sentences was historical. Like when a wrestler was big, "He is great!" hit or hit the bowler "right in the gussets" or when he shot "He hit him" or "" the piledriver should be banned after Nick Bockvinkle used him for a helpless opponent. (True Roger as he cares!) After going to green money (VVF), Rod Trongard had a style announcing, but he was different. When a wrestler would damage the sole of his boots over another guy at the forefront, he would say: "Right over e-clinch" or when the wrestler He said that AVA is the worst, the heaviest, the most cruel, the majority of scientific wrestlers here in AVA! (Without the extra money of Verna Gagna!) After leaving VVF Larry (When Phillis?! "Nelson took over the government and I would talk to someone or completely ignore him (VVE did not take it wisely!) And Greg Gagne he had the most rugged boots I saw in the yellow color of something I do not know, and when he's looking for a label, he looks like he wants to finish it so he can run to the closest toilet! Brunzell was a great artist who wondered why Greg was ever his partner Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar superstar, but you're wondering why Verne himself (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon would hire Gagnes' jobs, he would have done most of them fighting to skuash. I like to see the Ganges family now saying wrestles!
