The girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the village. This girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies while the film opens with the feeding of kittens to some kind of creature at the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother to crazy, but while she was alive, she enjoyed staying in the forest all night. The premise of the film has a new young lady coming to Rosalie to take care of her. She gets acquainted with the wild forests while driving and, imagine this uncertainty, experiencing a huge blue barrel that falls over the edge of the cliff to somehow stop the car in its tracks. From there she walks to the nearest house and reveals to Mrs. Witfield, who then enters into a lot of explanations about Rosalia and her family. The sincerity echoed by Mrs. Witfield's face must be seen to be believed. Well, the young lady is meeting with the child and soon we learn that she is not only weird, but everyone in the movie is very bizarre. They all share a common thing, and none of them ever heard about the acting school. None of these people can act - as can be seen from a few vehicles that appeared in the whole movie before or after - and they all seem to have little idea of ​​what's happening, stop to remember the lines, and they have all the conviction for a paper bag. The director has plods through material at a slow pace with this terrible piano music crescendoing here and there on things that are supposed to be scary. We need it a little before we get to several murders by a friend of creatures, but until then I did not care. The murders are not even convincing, and the truth is that the whole movie looks like someone who goes on their friends' farm with people and things that are there. It is said that the end has some nasty aspects, although we do not learn one thing about why Rosalie is this or more important who is a creature with cheap masks. The cheap do not even start to describe the budget here. Basically there are a couple of old rural households and some sheds in the end and of course the forests. Someone borrowed a couple of old cars to the director. There are no special effects of any kind and only minimal makeup. There are so many stinky / funny moments on the list, but I will only list some of them that made me at least make me laugh because of the lack of ability of the involved creative forces: 1) Watch the gardener's body after it was. slain. "Len enters and sees him slaughtered, and you can see his fat belly rising with life, 2) the scene of dying at the end where the actress Rosalie was murdered. It looks as if he listens to instructions and takes a sweet time dying to see 3) How about a guy who plays Roasley's father and gives us Andy Griffith. The scene in which the boy laughs about the extinction of the boy was a strange joke. The child is a really bad movie and it is very bad even under the standards of the 70s cheeses, if This is not B movie, but more like Z film, and producer Harry Novak earns something in anything.
