A revived view of life in a kibbut This film is a less cultural story about the boy's life in a kibbut, but an intentional demonization of the life of a kibbutter in general. In the first two minutes of the film, a man in charge of cows raves one of his calves. And from there it is all downhill in terms of characters that represent typical "kibbutznike". In addition to the two main characters, the clinically depressing woman and her young son, each other in the cubicle is a rough caricature of good evil. The story is based on how a kibbut, like some kind of cult, slowly pulls the mother and son deeper into despair and what inevitably follows. No luck, no joy, no laughter in this kibbutz. Every character / situation is a different, terrible, human marriage like misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, cultism, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a strikingly handsome 12-year-old boy looking at Europe ?? his older brother is a typical kibuck of youth, complete with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He is more interested in fucking foreign volunteers than the health of his dying mother. He treats these volunteers as rubbish. After his little brother asks him to visit his dying mother whom he has not seen for a long time due to military service, he orders, Kuote? "Linda, go to the shower, and I'll drink in two minutes." Is there another "good" character in this movie? a European alien who plays a motherfucker. When an animal rapist attempts to hit a mother's son, the boy defends him by breaking the force. He was briefly thrown out of the kibbutz for "violent" behavior against one of the kibook members. More hypocritical: An incredibly boring French woman playing a school teacher preaches that sex can not happen 18 years ago, or without love, and gives an overview of the real act that should be funny for the audience, but it's really stupid. She, of course, screws the head of kibbles in the fields, which in turn swirl the little boy's mom when her mental health takes her up. The film shows the kibbut as some kind of cult. The children are taken out of bed in the middle of the night and taken to a ritual where they swear fidelity in the fields that supervise the elders with kibbuts. The mother obviously can not "escape" from the kibbutz, although in reality everyone was / was always free to come and go as they choose. The mystery is how the boy's father died, but you can be sure, the kibbut "drove him", and his surviving parents are another couple of soulless, poor characters who are on the mother and her son. It is the essence of this film. One-dimensional characters, through dramatization, dry performances, and the bloody message that tries to stab into the head of the audience? that life in a kibbut was humiliating, poor, and even lethal for those who did not "fit in". I'm sorry the guy who made this movie? he obviously had a bad experience growing in the kibbutz. But I feel like he took a few kernels of truth about the kibu's life and turned them into huge atomic stereotypes.
