I saw this film, right now, not when it was published and greeted as the best picture of the year in Israel. and to sum up everything now, I'll just say: this is not a good movie. This is the second feature film of Dror Saul, and I have to admit that his first and the TV drama he recorded before this picture is much better. Moreover, this is his first attempt to direct the drama. Early papers were comedies, they were ridiculous and effective. First thing you must know is whether you have ever seen this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbut and the values ​​presented by the formation of the state of Israel. the real situation with the kibbuses is very terrible, and some of them disappear one by one. Kibuc, the Hebrew word for the collective, was a kind of village for members only, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma for everyday life. with a change in social values ​​over time, it seems that Kibuc now was the place where the human spirit was suppressed, locked in the dogma rules, without a map. the entry of capitalist values ​​and the way of life in the 1990s and so far made it very difficult for the kibbles to survive. The crazy mother in the movie is the central metaphor for it. But, I think this film has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of kibbutz. Once, it was the dream of every young couple living in a kibbutz and raising children in this peaceful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that Kibuc, with its socialist dogma, was a place like a cult of crazy people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every individual within the collective. this is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. You have to put yourself in the center, and no one else is the thing for you. This is the philosophy of the film, which is only the first sin. If you disagree with me on the political side, I'm sure you will agree that the acting, the tone of the film, it's the script and the direction are the four following sin. the film does not have a true visual text, and none of its recordings is something to be remembered. it is also very "delicate," a delicacy that is nothing more than an artistic attempt to provoke emotions that do not appear, and not in the film, and not the viewer. does not bring anything but boredom. Can anyone explain: why this film won so many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? Or maybe it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, not giving up dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it talks about one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of a Jewish state? regardless of the answer, it's not good. not for the world, not for human values, but not for the Jews.
