The first Home Alone was a decent movie ... the sequel was almost the same, on the new setting. This one tries to be original, and it reaches a certain degree ... of course, the formula is essentially the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a little changed action. The new result is pretty bad (although the new piece of "trapping" was, if nothing else, interesting and different), especially in comparison with the high score of the first and almost-but-not-very-good result. another. It is (almost) compensated by using rather good neoriginal music, but this is simply not the same. The action is fair and somewhat genuine for franchise, but it's essentially the same movie as the first two, with a poorer acting and less impressive example of 'a terrifying character that turned out to be good'. The acting is mostly impressive. Characters are mostly caricatures. New thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they mock spying things, which is almost criminally, given the limited amount of good spy shifts and how little they are dear). The fact that there are more (and therefore more traps) is just a bad attempt to try to get more than the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their missions was a bit ... grown up and serious for a children's movie (and there were sexual jokes or two, although this is not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, as well as complication in general. I could follow him, but I doubt that a child could. Some of the exhibitions are being delivered so obviously that even children can think it's stupid. Animal things are mostly not fun. There are fewer brothers and sisters, which should mean that those who have developed even more, but they have less personality than those least represented in the first two films. All in all, it's simply not particularly good, or worth watching, unless * you really * like to watch criminals who are hurt in cartoon violence. I only recommend this to the big fans of the series. 3/10
