This was one of those films that received a ton of performances on radio waves in the early 1970s, usually at "4am Movie" or once, at 19:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another on the Creature Double Feature Local channels that used to launch movies as part of their local program (mostly for informative times) It was time. Several low-budget Abot and Costello vannabees (Frankie Rai and Robert Ball) are in the water of a soldier (half dozen guys in the remnants of the army) sent to field maneuvers to look at some strange radiation, and ultimately encountered by aliens. First go to the Bronson canyon to what will be the famous Batcave later on BATMAN, and will encounter the remains of a dead "carrot monster." Later in the cave they were chased by a living creature of carrots - essentially a guy in a black suit and a paper head of a mache, with glittering things and eyes for a ping pong. Two of them - complete geeks, Rai and Ball - were caught and woken tied to the tables and "examined" by the Amazonian dr. Poona (nooo are sent!) And Professor Tange who are astoundingly beautiful and even more in her little bikini "uniforms". At that time, we were too young to understand what later the Slavic and Fetish scenarios would make this "test" scene more than suggest. It turned out that these two girls and their carcass monster, stranded on a land with a ship that is well hidden and trying to get back into their world. The film was made as a complete comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember that this was the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette films were the height of B-movie, a drive-in comedy. For some reason I just thought I was thinking of watching this movie. No, I really saw that. And when it was released on a "restored" DVD, I was sure of my memory. Comedy goes from a slightly funny to just stupid, but whatever. The budget does not exist, which is a bit of a miracle when you think that it was even made and that we can talk about the "restored" version here and now - over 40 years later. Profitability are girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and the result is geeks - who we all - get girls and love. It's just stupid and stupid, and for sites it has a nostalgic significance.
