Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy, the leader of the Wild West group, one of six regular unmanners who make a break-in tour. The seventh member of the group is a woman, Billy's assistant, but such women never last long, and the position is chronically open. Enter Antoinette Lilly (Sandra Locke? Eastwood's girl at the time). It seems that Miss Lilly, as Doc (Scatman Crothers) is called, is a potential heir who will only receive the property of her long-lost father if she married when she was 30 years old, so that she prepares for the birthday of Geoffrey Levis on the eve of that birthday. So, what's the plot of this movie? It's hard to say. There is a romantic tension between Billy and Miss Lilly, but the problem is that she in the first half of the film is so stunned and disgusting that when she suddenly becomes "one of the groups" in the half of the film, it's not only incredible, but the audience is well and worries about her. There is a chronic lack of funds behind the Wild West, but this topic is not touched enough to really be the reason for the existence of the film. There is Ms Lilli's distraction that she is stranded in the rural West, cut off from resources that spur her spoiled life of luxury (she is mistakenly believed to have died her family and the press). But do we really need to believe that she could not return to New York and that she was waiting for happiness if she gave her a little effort? No, the point of this film is that Billy is the leader of the family, a cute crowd of losers who hang out through thick and thin. This is a warm, vague film? or at least trying to be. Along the way, Clint shows us his skills with a pistol, even preventing a bank robbery in a shootout that is grotesquely out of place in otherwise relatively nonviolent film. One of the gangs was arrested on an old charge to avoid running away; Billy bribes a local sheriff. The tent show is burning; the orphan makes them new. But many earthly traps do not create plots. The problem is that they operate or are missing. In addition to Scatman Crothers, support is pretty amateur. It is not even at the top of its game, although it seems better simply because it is surrounded by such an unbearable bunch. And all this, the movie takes 116 minutes. At what point? Good question ?? 4 of 10
