Obviously, Shakespeare is the equally high forehead, which is equally alternately a bunch of people who do not see what he really is. At one point in this film, someone (I believe Pacin's producer) warns him to move the film from the road, once it was about how the masses think about Shakespeare through the RICHARD III vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a choppy game with random comments that have been sprinkled. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there really any reason for a quick visit to Shakespeare's hometown, except for the laugh of something unexpected about what's going on there?) And before the movie really started, we were treated to see Al Prance around and act sweet and fun for the camera. I thought his stupid work with Kej was close to the end of GODFATHER III with a knife to throat AKT - but it's obvious that Al really does act personally. Enough wandering. Here's the shotgun for which I did not make 3/4 times through this: 1) Pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on it, whether he acts like Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see him in the corner of his eyes , also, some of the screening actors become unhealthy and enthusiastic to the extreme. If anyone read this at any time with a group of actors and testified to such things from outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chewing all the landscapes!" 2) Vinona Rider. When she appears as Lady Anne, this film comes to a deadlock that never recoveres. She has nothing to add to the discussion scene, but the camera stays on her to bring the boys. Its performance is terrible, for lifting. 3) The only things you really learn from this are told to you by the scientists themselves who are trying to keep film makers away from the picture. Of course, you also learned that Pacino should not direct movies (or even Richard). I'd rather watch BOBBI DEERFIELD than this. Finally, read the play and learn it yourself. Exit and see how it is being performed. In 1997, I saw a play performed at the Ethnic Cultural Theater of the University of Washington, and that's what we see in this movie as a high school drama (except for the fatal murder of Clarence! My God! Was it necessary ?!) /> It's all just a bunch of sounds and rage, signifying hope.
