The Syrian released the critics after the release, and it seemed that everything was rampant. I suppose it's one of those films that are very intelligent ... so intelligent I think you have to be well versed in the petroleum industry and a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself intelligent, I've been studying politics since the early teens and I enjoy intelligent film, but mostly if it's not a documentary intended primarily for entertainment and messages. The Syrian tried to be strictly intelligent and repelled by some people. I would even go so far as to say that those who talked about it and insist that it is 10/10, are lying because they think they look better. This film was the most fun, meaningless, mindless dribbling I've seen for a while ... Especially in view of the critical praise, Oscar nodded and actors. Script writer Stephen Gaghan disappointed me again. His horribly written Havoc preceded this film and I think he is trying too hard. I can not believe he was offered the opportunity to write a Da Vinci Code script. On top of that, Gaghan directed a film that made him absolutely disorderly. I had no idea who was somebody, why they were going, who was who and what it was. It was a disaster. Because I really do not know who anyone could mention only the actors and what I thought about their performances, because despite the appallingly complicated scenario actors are good. George Cloonei plays C.I.A. field agent and assassin I mean? Bob Barnes. Cloonei has never been my favorite, but has recently managed to make some decent performances and it seemed like a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex figure with dirty history and that I knew what was going on with him, I would really enjoy his character. Matt Damon plays Brian Voodman and he is pretty gentle and always looks like a deer in the headlights that can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to perform it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and goes well with her in several of the scenes she's given. Christopher Plummer appears as someone who does something. I love Plummer and I like to see him appear, even if he does not get the best accounts anymore. Actors are intense only if the story makes sense. I would like to quote a description of the parcel on the IMDb. "The missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the Emirate's successor gives an oil deal to China, excluding an American company that immediately fires immigrant workers and connects with a small firm that contracted the Kazakh oil contract, the Department of Justice, a bribery suspect, and a lawyer the oil company's company has found a scapegoat, and the CIA is needed one, when its plan to kill apparent Emir collapses. The economist parlais his son's death in a contract to advise Sheikh CIA wants the dead. All roads begin and end on oilfields WHAT!?!? Say who now? Siriana could be the movie of a man who thinks, but I was bored of tears and no matter how much I tried to stay with him, In the end, I surrendered and turned it off after an hour and a half, and you could not bribe me enough to get me done. I suppose if you want to form an opinion, but to be sure to watch it, but I promise you that someone looking for a party or a movie who enjoys being sleepy in the first half hour. 1/10
