Vha-BAM! Someone must have been having fun at the devouring whole truck with acid mushrooms, then later wrote this crazy excuse for the movie! Writer Hovard Cohen expands the concept of "Svord & Sorcery" with a few additional S, such as Sek, Silliness, (more) Sex and pure nonsense! This is not just a movie, these are the dreams and fantasies of every juvenile pervert! The "Death of Death" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, women's wrestling, attempted rape, successful rape, pigs in natural size (!), Horrible hairstyles, horribly oiled muscles, multi-sex orgies, gay warriors, tournaments to death, delirious witches, bumps, funny wives and chests, tits, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wiped out under his obvious model of role "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to cheeses and pure flame. The story, obviously, is less important. Lonely and gay (only he does not yet know) the warrior Death of Death moves on a mission, as commanded by a boring witch, to collect three notorious elements of creation? or something similar. On his journey, he combines forces with a troll-man, a fighter who is even gaius than he is and, last but not least, a sweet lady who does not really look like a big support to the concept of a bra. Together they move to the kingdom of the ultimate evil Munkara where they will take part in the tournament of warriors and win at least two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with a tattoo of half spiders on his head and an impressive harem that would even make the richest oil of sheikh jealous. Ok, assigned, "Deathstalker" is quite a terrible and sometimes even unbearable movie. The sequences of the fight are silly, and the costumes and effects of makeup are completely unfortunate. For the moment, when I watched the introductory sequence, I was actually afraid to watch "Troll; Prequel". Monsters look incredibly syrusly and completely opposite, but it's undeniably fun if you're in a subtle mood. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists because the overall picture of women is somewhat discriminating. Most of the gals serve exclusively as candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl on the floor naked and play in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are ecstatic, but - frankly - if they were not their shelves, they would not be of any value.
