... Or, more precisely, so bad that you will have the time of your life to laugh while looking at you! James Sardellati's "Deathstalker" from 1983 is surely one of the most terrible productions that the genre Svord & Sorcery has produced, but it is very funny. The acting is terrible, the plot is pure shit, and the effects and photos can not be more amateurish. But this is a bad act, cheese effects and many mistakes that make this movie so hilarious. - SPOILER BEFORE - Deathstalker (Rick Hill) is an extremely strong and skilled warrior. One day, a good witch is assigned to him to unite three forces of chaos and creation, a sword, an amulet and a chalice, to free the land from his brutal ruler, the evil of the king and the sorcerer Munkar. Getting the sword is pretty easy, but the amulet and the cup are in the possession of Munkara. Fortunately, the evil king organized a tournament in which the most capable warriors in the district fight each other to death. The winner is then to take the royal place. Of course, the king does not want anyone to take his place, so he planned to kill the winner (instead of organizing the tournament in the first place). The transgressor of death is not only to receive the three forces of creation, but also to save the old, good king's daughter (Barbi Benton) from the clutches of the evil Munkar. Fortunately, he is not bored on his way to the tournament, since in the meantime he has been allowed to cock a great female warrior Cara (Lana Clarkson) ... The film has many great, incredibly stupid and entertaining scenes. Some of my favorite scenes include: - The killer kills a bad guy with his sword. The falling head is not the head of that guy. The falling head has a red beard, while the guy who was executed by Deathstalker had dark hair and chin. - When introduced to the character of the female warrior Kaire (Lana Clarkson), she is first seen in a black dress, hiding her face and body. Traveling with the Deathstalker, Brothers Brothers (Richard Brooker) is fighting her, and during the fight with the sword, a gown opens (under which it is, of course, toples), revealing her breasts. Her breasts are the first thing we see from Lana Clarkson, even before her face. - The last warrior who is dying from the head has to fight on the tournament, is a giant man with the body of man and head. from pigs. - Zli Munkar has a ugly little creature locked in the chest. He feeds that little creature with human eyes and fingers. There are many other inevitable funny, hilarious and great scenes. The acting is terrible, but Barbi Benton and the late Lana Clarkson are candy, and although I described this film as 'unintentionally funny', sometimes I had the impression that some actors are absolutely aware of the film's silly nature. There's plenty of blood and a lot of nudist nudity to entertain the viewer. "Deathstalker" is an incredibly horrible movie, but I still recommend it. People with a sense of humor will have the time of their lives!
