Last night I searched a Hollywood video with a friend who was trying to find a nice horror movie to watch over the New Year's Weekend. As I looked through the shelves, Severed noticed my eye, and I grabbed it from the shelf and it looked as if it could be a decent movie about the horror of the B-class. The cover looked pretty good. The action sounded half-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not weld the cover, which actually looks decent. I think that more money is spent on the wrapper than on the film itself. The film follows two police detectives searching for a voodoo-inspired, ritual serial killer called "Head Hunter", which scans the victims left and right in an unnamed city (possibly in Los Angeles), and they engage in ritualized murder in his world. The story sounds somewhat good? Well, yes, and this movie could be half way decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything about that was funny. The introductory scene contains a red-haired actress in a car who is trying to talk on this huge, obsolete mobile phone, and for whatever reason he goes out and talks to some guy. Then a shadow comes out behind them, takes off his head, and the girl falls to the ground and starts crawling (for no reason) while trying to call 911. Sounds funny? Yes, I bet he is. The whole movie looks like it was shot on a VHS quality camera and I suppose it was. The acting was generally horrible, and special effects were far from believing. And the scene with the cops on the phone was terrible - the voice on the other line echoed and sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was simply amateurish and fatigued, and it did not keep my interest for long, and I often felt bored and tired, mostly because of bad acting and horrible cinema. Pacing was bad. Everything was bad. All in all, "Severed" is an unsuccessful attempt by what might have been a decent B-movie. The action was good and I think that if this film was better worked and had a higher budget, it could have been fine. But this film fell on his face. If you expect something half-decent, you will be very disappointed. It is recommended only if you tolerate freaks horror classes. Otherwise, you will probably want to stay away from this garbage. He had a small potential, but he was out of disorder. 1/10.
