Voosh ??! Man ?? What can I say ...? Open the scene, maybe? We see a bunch of mongoloid barbarians with bad makeup jumping from the walls of some ruins. They are sneaking up and attacking someone with a poorly dressed girl in captivity. The man escapes, the mongoloids follow him, and one of them stays behind him as if raping a girl, but instead puts out one of her breasts and takes her away. Then, the guy (still on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenli ?? a blonde hero with a bad wig and a bad wig appears, who says, "That's my horse!" Mighty Deathstalker just appeared. The Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills them all (including the guys) on the melodies of some rather unsuitable McCannos' Western results (this should be Svords & Sorceri flick, so what about 'arriba-trompettos'?), Then go to Captive Girl and Exposes her breasts. It starts rubbing them, and it seems to like it. She started to love her lips and caresses the killer to death. Just as they prepare to get down to it, this old character appears that interrupts what could have been the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending for a short film). Now tell me ?? Is not it a point where either a feminist angrily turns off the movie, or any other male viewer said: "This will be a hell of a good movie!" The action is as simple as throwing kittens from the balcony: The Wizard of Death must get the Sword of Justice and use it to steal an amulet of life and a glass of magic from the evil wizard Munkar. In addition to decapitations, dismemberment, random bloodshed, retarded fighting fights and embarrassing sword fighting, this film also contains a huge amount of t! ts & $ $ bullet. Initially I wanted to add another point to this movie for every free bare footage I could count on. After 9 points (even halfway to the movie), I had to give up counting. That left me from the rest of the film. And the rest of the movie paid off. Totally crazy things. Check out this mutant creature like a cat / worm that Munkar has as a pet, and that feeds the eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do to get a man in a female body into your room and try to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you slap it a little, take the knife and try to rape it. Then find out that he is not actually a woman, then throw him out of bed and tell him to leave your room. Good to you, I tell you. The transgressor of death is doing too much, and the way the dead man dies is the right way! DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, indeed, as highlighted in other comments. Zlikovci are broken. Women are delicious. It has blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken. There is a totally meaningless tournament that contains only a bunch of barbers who knock, hit and crush each other. My favorite weapon on that tournament was a huge wooden hammer, which once beat the poor candidate to bloody pulp. And my favorite candidate was undoubtedly that brute with Varth's head (recalling the Gamorrean watch from RETURN EAT). I will not reveal to you how the film ends, but just prepare to excite you when I tell you that four-way decomposition is cast at the height of the film. incompetence throughout the film. You see a guy dragging him behind a horse across the earthy road, and the next shot shows him dragging him on the grass (no way). You see that the magic tattoo on the magician's head magically changes the sides in the same scene (on the shot it is on the left side of the head, and the other on the right). Nevertheless, Munkar is a magician. That's it, or this film is shot in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. As much as I enjoyed this and how much I look forward to the other 3 rings in this series, I have enough pieces of competence left in me to not allow this film to pass. I am ready, however, to give him the maximum amount of minimum points, only to be able to refuse a few more points for possible inferior sequences. DEATHSTALKER could be a supreme amusing, trashy and sleek conan rip-off, also a disgusting movie.
