OK, I love bad horror. I particularly like horror so much that I'm laughing. Demonicus, or House of the Dead - that was bad enough to be washed. Severed was not. It was worse. (spoilers - who cares?) I have a few comments, both in "this shit" style and in the domain of real criticism. Plot (type) - There is a guy in this city (who maybe Seattle, see the comment below) who runs around and cuts off his head. He does this for over a year (I do not return to get the exact numbers - thank you very much), possibly two or three years. One head a week. The police just called the "specialists" (which ONE refers to themselves as a psychic, but it never appears again). The Feds take over after, what, three related murders? After hundreds of similar killing, we would be under a crazy battlefield. After all, this "specialist" consults a voodoo fish that the police ignored all the time, and two of them have come to the conclusion that Baron Samedi is a voodoo spirit that cuts off his head to get enough strength to make body (and then assumes to take over the world - or maybe just go to Disneyland). Adjusting - where does this happen? Well, if you are not from Seattle, you may not realize that in the bar / rave (it gathers about a dozen film and members of their families), there is a poster for a local radio station, and that it is in a fun, "IF Pulse Fiction" dialogue between two policemen (yes, those who cut off their heads for about 15 minutes in the movie) discuss the "new stadium" that may have still been a problem when the film was made. Since I am from Seattle, I apologize for the film and shamefully hang my head. OK, here's where it's really critical - be a horror movie writer (not published, does not search my name in IMDb), I'm researching. A lot of research. And unlike the writers of this film, I know that Baron Samedi - while Voudon Loa (the ghost) who keeps the cemetery and which is traditionally connected (by various Christian oppressors) with Satan - actually "Loki", as a fraudstick god. In other words, he does not cut off his head. Besides, a great part of the religion of Voudou is that Baron Samedi can have the body whenever he wants. Their religious ceremonies are held around the possession of various members of the community by the loa. Not to mention, if he already owned someone, why to create a new body? If Baron Samedi got a body, he would not have touched his head, he would get good rum, cigars and par-TAI! In short, the only thing you've done is getting (surprising) right in the absolutely unnecessary reading of Tarot cards (used only to show that the voodoo chick is "silly"), they did not screw up the interpretation of the cards in a way to which most films work. I was doing a radio research again. (Everyone remembers the old ad in the late night hours for the tarot in the phone - "Lovers - you'll soon fall in love ..." and all those nonsense?) If you did it Far through my comments, congratulations you. And I'm sorry again. I'll be more sorry if you feel the need to watch a movie for me, so please do not.
