I must admit that this "re-imagining" of the original 1968 movie was a great disappointment. Especially when considering this is Tim Burton's film. He is definitely one of the most original and, I could say, cool director Hollywood has produced. monkeys. I really enjoyed the original movie. When it first came out, people only expected another film of science fiction, but a very surprise and completely proved that theory is wrong. It was really a clear message. Apparent antiwar message. The fear of the Cold War, in which the world took and the fear of the use of nuclear weapons, played a major role in the minds of filmmakers. For these reasons, the film has outgrown all expectations and has become an instant classic. Although, the new film, "re-making" or anything else, leaves us nothing. There is no message, no ideals behind it. It's just another summer blockbuster. Visually, Tim Burton does not let you down. The dark and creepy settings were great and of course the makeup was great. Obviously this is not enough to make people interested in film. There must be an exciting plot or story. In this film, the plot is very uninteresting and is extremely poorly designed. The script is very limp and full of emptiness. It looks like this film was written in a big hurry. Explanation of why the monkeys are there, and why the ruling planet was really stupid and showed the ignorance of script writers. For example; Why did the monkeys speak English, why there were other species of chimpanzees on the planet (since only the chimpanzees that crashed on the planet were in the spaceship). As several chimpanzees have managed to develop into a huge increase in all kinds of monkeys in just a few thousand years. (I think it took us a few million years to evolve from monkey to man!) And finally, a bad surprise ended only the plane silly. Probably just thrown out because the original movie had such an end, then they felt that the audience was expecting the same end. The ending also raises many questions, which I know, I do not have intelligent answers. Did Theid learn to do a spaceship, which was less powerful, and learned to fly back in time and take over the land with one hand? And let's say it will happen, I doubt that history will remain the same, as Washington would be built exactly the way it is today! (I mean, would not there be a huge banana instead of a monument?) Well, just to say something positive about the film. Some of the actors were excellent. Character Helen Bonham Carter was interesting and well behaved, as did Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, somewhat shocked at some points in the film. Michael Clark Duncan was also good. I was not happy with Marc Vhalberg. He's not a lot of actor, and he's playing a very colorless game here. Very inaccessible and nothing compared to the Hestons figure in the original. And the main female character had no reason or place in the film. She was fair to look. It's hard to say throughout the whole movie. Well, I think in the future, when people are thinking about Planet Monkeys, think of the original. The newest will soon be forgotten.
