This film is another attempt by Tim Burton to try to use the famous title to bring his vision to the screen. He did it with Batman, Sleepy Holl and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing in common with the original is that there are some sympathizers that can speak (and Charleton Heston tells the story). Burton reconstructed the whole story, pouring it out for today's mass popularity. The original Planet Monkey was the product of its time. During the 1960s, America struggled to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of searching for the soul and thinking about social norms. It was a era of civil rights when groups long considered inferior demanded that they be treated equally. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical unrest that confronts the audience of the day. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that raised serious issues and elegantly kept American society pressures for reassessment, causing the white man to justify his intelligence for a species he considered inferior. Dialectics between Colonel Tailor (Charleton Heston), dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) et al. Zira (Kim Hunter) caused both intelligent and irony both subtle and obvious. Burton's version is so much of today's product as POTA was in the sixties. These are doll monkeys. She is superficial and gentle, replacing politically correct debashed words with intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than on essence. The end of the surprise is extremely inconsistent and nothing contributes to the film except the clipper that sets the sequel. While the end of the original POTA graciously linked everything together into a powerful scene, Burton's region simply ridiculed the audience, mockingly, "I know something you do not know, and you will have to wait for the continuation to find out From a technical perspective, like that always the case with Burton's film, the film is great. Make-up is fantastic and Burton's camera is remarkable (although I still do not like his dark look.) However, thirty-three years of advancement in prosthetic makeup can not compensate for an insultingly empty script. The story is reduced to a monster. People are teaming up behind captain Davidson (Mark Vahlberg) to fight against monstrous monkeys, supported and supported by several shooters (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formulaic and simple with lots of violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality. < The act is mixed, Mark Vahlberg is an excellent actor who simply fails to play in this role. Valberg is excellent in playing dark, dark characters who are tortured but strong. This part requires an inspirational hero, a profile that is not in the Wahlberg repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actress whose character is so far below her ability to break the relationship funny. She desperately tries to do something with a weak character, but her interpretation is like a cross between a peace college demonstrator and loves a sick teenager. Then there's Tim Roth. His virtuosic performance, which saves the film from total failure. Roth is a devilish hate like the wicked general Thade. It creates one of the most unpleasant and contemptible bad guys I remember for a while. In addition, his physical activity is superlative, making it a chimpanzee that is such a perfect combination that it can almost be believed that the species exists. This film is a big disappointment. It's a decent party, as long as you check the brain on the door. I rated it 3/10. From a technical perspective it's much better than that, maybe 9/10. However, the story is an insult to the original franchise. It's just another Burton attempt to commit suicide, using a famous title to attract the crowds in a box so many people can see what kind of genius it is. Of course this is true, but it would be great if he used that talent to produce significant movies, instead of a simple mind that was formulated for mass consumption.
