If there is one thing that irritates me most in watching a bad movie, it's seen by experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "imagination" of the Planet Monkey could use some imagination, not to mention the essential elements of character development. New, the girl in the original Monkey Planet, was better developed than Daen in this version, although she did not say a single word. One of them certainly expected much better than Tim Burton, a man who until now combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, humor and humor, all of which were particularly absent from this production. There were problems in basic plot development. The first big mistake was that people were allowed to talk. It was the fundamental difference between monkeys and men who made everything different from the original film. Even while he was silent, his ability to communicate was what marked Heston's Tailor as different from other people. In this film, Mark Vahlberg encourages (speak) human slaves at the insurrection, but there is no compelling reason for them not to rebel and have already regained their emancipation. They are skilful tool users and have the ability to communicate to form plans, something silent people can not. It does not take a man to fall from the star to save them. Indeed, since it comes from a technological civilization and is in the era of pre-technology without (at the beginning) of any devices that would help him, Vahlberg should be in a disadvantaged position, not people who are accustomed to living there. It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter doing so hard to create a kind of spark between himself and that wall that did not react, Mark Vahlberg. Her best scenes were with the evil Tim Rot. People were virtually ignored until they were needed in the third act, when Daena began to show some real interest in Davidson (Vahlberg), and young for the young. the boy suddenly changed from the background to the freedom struggle. It was a bad development character. (Estella Varren, in particular, she looked as if she was capable of much more than it was given in the script). Wahlberg's confusion in the end about what these people see in him was definitely divided by me, as he barely communicated with people as a whole. Creation of Monkeys: Half Plus Points and Two Minuses: Monkeys. Makeup was great for men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (which made him so good at The Green Mile), and the makeup design enabled him to take full advantage of them. But women monkeys did not look like anything on earth, monkeys, or humans. The minuses were monkey jumps that looked just as real as the Flash Gordon rocket: the jumping of the monkeys seemed like they were just fired from the catapult, they did not have a single long grace of real monkeys. Secondly, poorly mixing the sound - when the gorillas are shaking, it is clearly clearly named from an animal, probably a feline, which makes them funny and unrealistic. In the original film, various "human" things monkeys make and say they are treated as a light relief ("I never knew a monkey I did not like." Here, monkeys simply talk about it exactly as that's what people do in the 21st century, and there is no humor in it. The only original idea was that Ari is writing with her legs. Nothing made me more than a "V-Ger from Star Trek" moment near First, the monkeys apparently managed to read Roman letters in the distant past to know the name of the Forbidden Zone in partially hidden m form, and secondly, a mysterious inscription bearing the name is just covered with sand that Vahlberg just pulled away, something that every monkey could have done a few centuries ago. This moment was far worse for me than the much complacent ending of the film. </ Such things are typical of most of today's scientific films. As early as the sixties and seventies, they mostly did not have the budget to convince futuristic sets, but they dealt with genuinely original themes and ideas that were really scientifically invented. I'm thinking about 2001: Space Odyssey, Planet of the Apes from 1967, THKS1138, Soilent Green, Silent Running and Solaris from 1972. The first Planet Monkey even used the only scientifically valid and physically possible way forward in time. However, this film includes almost every bad cliché of science fiction: space storms, anomalies and worms that emerge from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their satellites are obviously all visible together as great globules (in reality from any planet, all other bodies, even their lunar, are only points of light); a conventional rocket shuttle that travels from Saturn to Earth in a few minutes instead of years; the equipment of two thousand years that burns and works completely at the moment when the hero presses the button. Not to say anything about bullet-proof interior doors. In a modern environment, you will need to explain * why * it is proof of impunity, but because it is a "science fiction" you do not need!
