Warning: Spoolers in abundance! Tim Burton is processing this sui generis movie just as reasonable as Psicho's transformation - oh, that's true, an idiot has already done that - I'm deferring my case. <br /> <br The movie opens with a simulator simulating simulation, proving it is not so smart from the very beginning. Marki Mark appears in the footage without showing his characteristic panties, and then dismissed by an ordinary woman who prefers the chimpanzee's touch. Paranofunctional imaging of a space station that circles Saturn without obvious reason, the interior of the a-bustle ship with genetic experiments on monkeys. Should we travel 1.300 million kilometers to Saturn to carry out these experiments? The special effects team has determined it. Marcie's chimp is lost in that sci-fi cinema of the 60's - Time Varp. Marki then demonstrated the incredible security of the space station by stole the bean without anyone noticing it, while at the same time demonstrating his ultimate stupidity in setting up a rescue mission of a deep space into a worm in a hole for a consuming trial chimpanzee, with a million car with Limited Fuel Stocks and oxygen. Before anyone could say "meaningless remake", Marki surfaced wormholes, crashed on an extraterrestrial planet, removed his helmet without thinking about the mortality of the atmosphere and the pursuit through a sound stage that almost resembled lush rainforest, if there were no clichés that illuminated plastic trees. Surprise! APES is hunting - or at least, it would be - a surprise that no one has ever seen the Planet of the Apes for thirty-three years. Since Markey Mark did not show his things, stripped his trousers, or broke his lame white man, he was without character. Michael Clarke Duncan's teeth of gorillas that were inserted in a distorted manner helped to establish his lack of character. Helena Bonham-Carter (known as an active chimney activist), at a loss without a shakespearean scenario, did a great job by surpassing Marcy and Clarke as the Most Cardboard Cutout. Paul Giamatti, an orangutan slave trader, provided the role of comedic relief and interspecies clutz. Although I aroused when I listened to punks related to this film, one title captured the essence of this Planet Monkey 're-imagining': 'Monkeys from Roth'. While everyone else trampled on seemingly millions of years ago Christ or Greystoke, Tim Roth, like Chimpanzee Thade, will consume huge amounts of landscape and cast as beautiful. As funny as his portrait of psychotic Thade, his character did not have a behavioral arch: Thade was crazy when we met him for the first time ... and he's pretty much at the same level of folly at the end of the movie. The original POTA (1968) had a leading character, Taylor Charlton Heston, who was so disappointed with humanity that he left the country for a place without regret - but as that movie progressed, Tailor unconsciously found himself locked in the struggle to prove the value of humanity - as their the only champion! The original film was ultimately a story of humiliation, not of salvation: when Tailor discovered the Statue of Liberty, he was forced to realize that his species was NOT overcome. Is there anything that is cerebral or ironic on Mark Mark's Leo? Or Roth's Thade? No, but it's a lot of running. Slogans Cry: Take Back to the Planet. But it's APES's planet. In this film, people and monkeys collapsed here together, people degenerated into cave people, allowing monkeys to get speech and sensory armor; Monkeys SATISFIED to inherit the planet! In addition, Marki Mark comes in the right anthropocentric arrogance, taking for granted that people must be apex predators simply because they are there. "Retreat" is absurd as the monkeys came here in 2001, complaining of "The planet where men evolved from APES !!" and then it causes problems with its exaggerated and hairy anus. Heston was thrown into POTA in 1968 because he established his reputation as a robber: he was Ben-Hur, Michelangelo, Moses! To discard him as a mute, persistent animal in extraterrestrial society, he should have missed the audience's expectations: how crazy is the world in which our Charlton can not respect respect? Marcie Mark has now found that he has a tight pant. Although Heston was continually belittled by a monkey council, he dominated the screen with his charisma and huge exaggeration. When Marki Mark attempts to seduce into mongolite people, it's as if the unpopular guy at school is suddenly followed in the classroom, telling you to stop drawing your penis on the board and throwing his shoe. Burton tries to elevate Marx to the icon of humanity, but he appears as a strange deviant. In the original film, monkeys regard Tailor as deviant, but he was, for both the audience and the apes, the icon of mankind. Again, this is irony. It was possible that a man who erected a scene-chewing on acting technique - Heston - should be the father of the coastal scene of this film, Thaddeus Roth. Like Roth's monkey dad, Charlton pronounces his immortal lines, turning against man this time, 'Damn! Damn them all to hell! The film becomes stupid and dumber till the end. While Thaddeus gives Marija a burning lesson, the donkey descends from the top with Marki's chimpnaut in it. Monkeys demonstrate their hebtudas, paying tribute to this unknown creature, while Marki proves his own hebtood murmur: "Let's learn these monkeys about evolution." First, they are not monkeys, you monkeys! Secondly, genetic disturbances and imbecile complications have led monkeys to this point, not evolution. And what you intend to teach them by dragging them with a hidden lasergun is called a misanthropy rather than an evolution. an integral part of the plot (be still my pants.) No matter what he was the last hooded hope of mankind; in the end, the police monkeys took Marki to prison in the Plot Point where he last heard that it was crazy: 'It's crazy! A MADHOUSE !! ... '
