This film has nothing to do with its predecessor, "Robot Jok". This must be why his most common name is "Robot Vars", not the alternative name "Robot Jok 2: Robot Vars". "Robot Jok" was basically a fun movie to watch because it had a nice premise on the huge robots that fight each other in the near future. This concept is abandoned for this film and instead has a completely boring story which, in addition, is not very original or wise written. It's a shame that she tried to be so different from her predecessor, because otherwise this could be a fun movie for watching. Just like "Robot Jok" this is a B-movie, but with such a big difference that it's not very good. Maybe this is also the fact that Robot Jok was created in the '80s, when B-films still had a certain charm and class over it, although the film was released in 1990. about the film. It's just poor, badly made, bad looks and not exciting enough. It also has an ending that leaves you to think: "That's it?" That is all? "What the movie does not have in its story is a good clear main dash. Perhaps a good master villain would be a good idea and some other things, such as the real point in the story, some action, or the pretty characters. Seriously what they thought when they chose acting for this movie. All of them are simply not cute in their roles, and especially Don Michael Paul is uncomfortable as the main character, who acts as if God's gift is for the wife and the gentleman of the Perfect who can compete with everyone. Could not they even just get the actors out of the first movie? For such a futuristic film, with the concept of big fighting droids in it, this film is definitely missing from his action. If they had made even more action in the film, the movie would at least be more entertaining to watch. Instead, we now have a movie that does not manage to impress essentially in every conceivable way. You can better watch the episode of "Powerful Morphine" Power Rangers, for some more action and sympathy. br /> 3/10
