Spoiler alert ?? Although I think this one was corrupted as it came out of a can? It's hard to even imagine that a film with these stars, from this study, made in this time period, could have been so horrible, but it is. The biggest drawback of the film is that it just makes no sense. The wealthy widow of American aristocrat Penn Gailord leaves her little daughter "in charge" and goes to the First World War where she was killed. Then we move to this day (1942) and complete confusion. The three sisters are in court where they say they have spent the past twenty years, and some asshole named Barclay is trying to take their home away from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions in which the script is located, more holes than the The Varren Report. What happened to Gailord's wealth? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family home go from a luxurious palace to a house on Munsters? Who the hell is Clown Barclay? And why is he able to take someone's home away from them? Questions are only accumulating on a number of issues. Usually the kind and charming George Brent plays Barclay, which is inexplicably total thundering over everyone, taking any critical desire no matter who belongs and without offense of guilt; however, it seems that nobody except Fiona (Barbara Stanvick) does not like this asshole. Why? None of these questions were answered. Instead, we just follow Fiona's life from one train wreck to another, evil Barclay takes away her home, her wealth, and even her child. What does she do? Shoot? Burn it? No, it's too logical. In a totally incredible end, this woman, who was only a romantic engagement with Barclay, had suddenly decided in the middle of the sentence (literally) that she did not hate him, besides the technical marriage of rape. And he will live happily ever after. Suddenly without any reason in the world, this early female model of independence and authority turns into the usual helpless crush that most often appears in films of this era. Yes, of course, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and fall in love with you. On which planet does this happen? I can only speculate the reason that I have never heard of this film before I captured it at Turner that it is so lost to today's audience as it is today.
