I'd love to have more movies lasting two hours. On the other hand, I want more American civil war films that MERELI is two hours. "Windbreaking", "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I expected; although the two at least entertained how long the hours lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it was because things happened during it. In contrast, Ang Ang's film is overshot and insignificant. Actually it feels like it lasts much less than two hours. It was not a compliment. It really does not differ from any other kind of sensory deprivation: at a time when it seems like it will never end, then it does not seem to take time at all. Film was wrong. foot, while Lee plays his endless credits THROUGH the introductory footage (a bad mistake) in which we have met some characters, we do not immediately like and we will be despised later. The central two are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are stubborn adherents of Lincoln, and Jack, the equally sturdy southerner whose values ​​share Jake. (I had to read this sentence again to make sure I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa.) The two become "killers" - a southern militia that is so crazy for revenge and violence that they do not even they are in favor of joining the official southern army, which I presume is for the sissy. I'm afraid Lee has lost me there. It's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to love them, or feel like we know them in some way, then their moral defects can help us even more to take care of them. Not here. We have not been shown Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that the headless man is a man who is not a confederate, but rather a habit - a person who says and does what everyone around him is saying and doing, whose psychology is purely imitative. The people they hang out are either the same or positively wicked in some uninteresting way. I felt like calling whenever the Northern Cord appeared on the screen. I thought, well, kill the rebels, finish the damn war, let me go home. Aggravating this problem is a horrible, horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks with the same cowardly southern accent. I heard accents from the entire English speaking area and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the Southans really said that, it's simply not fair to ask the listeners to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to him for two hours: Lee's picture is talkable, mainly because the characters are trying so hard to say what they think in their negramatic, say-all-three-times, folksical lines. They could talk faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more effective language for communication? In short: the movie is a bit, but a gallery of monotonously unattractive characters without inner life, which speak in an insultingly ugly form. speech, which is not bathed enough often, to which nothing is happening, despite being involved in the war. Good points? The jewel was nice to look at, as well as the landscape. But I have complaints here too. Cinema, beautifully framed, looked like someone wrongly painted a color film for black and white; And as far as Jevel is concerned, we teased him with her body, but we were never allowed to look at him, which I think is the least we owe us.
