Okay, this was not the worst movie I've ever seen, but I've heard many good things about it and I was very disappointed. I could see where the filmmakers come from and try to express the fact that the two sides in this battle did not differ much from each other, that the individuals lost their battles, etc., etc. Itd. (well, that's my assumption, in any case = ^ _ ^ =) </ i> </ i> In any case ... the film bored me. I watched many really long movies, but this looked like they were dragging and going ... basically because I just could not take care of any character. I was just thinking ... who cares? I also found that the act is pretty dead and that the dialogue is tense. I understand that it was the 1800's and all that, but most of the conversations seemed pretty unnatural. No one seems to have any emotions during most of the film except during melodramatic events. The "Romance" in the story did not seem to support anything other than "I'm a boy and you are a girl," which I do not consider as a romantic, yet I felt that they were taking me into the belief that they people are in love. Oh well .. I suppose it's the whole "horror around us, we have each other to stick to" type, or anything else. I also hoped for some kind of dynamism between the two best friends (who initially seemed to have interest in the girl), but that was just a little bit, perhaps avoiding the love triangle cliché. I do not know. Oh, well ... Yes Niel Holt was the only character I really liked, and Sue Lee was fine. I did not really like Jake, but he looked a bit ... inexplicably, I guess Jack Bull did not care about me at all, and I'm pretty sure that * You must hate everyone else, with the exception of the poor normal people who are just mowed left and right. It was pretty picturesque and it had all this "horror of war," but I saw many other films with the same theme, done better. (I enjoyed Patriot, for example, even if he was a little emotional manipulative) But, as I have already said, I am a cynic. What can I say? :)
