** SPOILERS ** This was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry to watch it. Like Doberman's Jan Kounen, he suffers mainly from poor editing - or lack. As if the director was so in love with his work that instead of filming the film to the pace that kept your attention, he added all the recordings he shot together. There may be two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera turns around. It was cool - but well, we got it! Please! The camera will not stop spinning around this guy! There may be one or two cool scenes that I forgot about in this flood of mediocrity, but the last scene of the fight is NOT THEY! It may be because, unlike earlier sweep scenes, Shanao is not masked - but only because the director could not find a stunner that looked a bit like Asana Tadanoobu, does not give him the right to continue to make 80% of the sword fighting with extreme big plans of the conflict of the sword! And everything from the same angle, can I add. The director should learn from the American produced in 1995. -. I personally saw the village scene in the village as a recognition payable to the social activists of the previous generation who were faced by the police in violent demonstrations at their college years. The situation in which innocence is oppressed by an authoritarian and armed government branch that does not want to understand it seems that the message is common in Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. Movie versions of the GTO and the platinum Kintaro are two more recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find praise worthwhile material in this. Perhaps the worst was lost in translation. The end of the movie - in which marketing played a rather different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it's so separate from contemporary themes, that after 138 minutes more playing visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story! Director Sasaki Hirohis from Crai Lips said there was an unpleasant trend for new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese audience and target their films for foreign film festivals - in order to gain faster international fame. This works, although it does not make sense, because it is the purpose of the international film festival to present to the world what kind of films are being filmed in other countries - what kind of films people see in these countries. Certainly not Goyoe and the like.
