So, where do you start? I suppose I can begin with a general complaint about the way this film is sold. Call me in the knowledge that I do not know Schneebaum's book before I look at the documentary that is based on it and decide to live under some kind of rock, but do not blame me for choosing this movie since the title and the description on the box does not indicate the fact that this "documentary" is actually an accompanying book. Yes, I felt pretty stupid after I watched this little movie so I realized the reason I sat looking at it in the first place, in order to get a good service of the "Modern Cannibal Story". I mean, am I a fool who I expected this film to cover most of his story about the behavior of cannibalism in tribal jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes that an old geezer would love his ass by bragging about every detail of his boring and worn-out life. I certainly did not expect the insider direction to be, and most notably I did not expect to laugh so much about Tobias Schneebaum and his sincere glory. Schneebaum is really useless. The old man is just struggling and poaching the entire movie, making the whole picture his personal story, although he is not even so interesting to fill the story. Oh really? Was it cannibal? Ninety percent of the film is focused on almost anything in connection with Schnebaum's dirty past. The only time we really see some cannibal actions is when Tobias finally stops his little silent treatment of what happened in Peru and says he has a "little piece". That's it, folks. Ninety minutes later, Tobias Schneebaum was a cannibal for three inches. It's like calling the movie "The Life of Real Don Juan" only to see that the only time the protagonists of the film did something sexually during schooling when he once played "just the top". Incredibly. The director is, indeed, terribly awesome, because there is no flow or rhythm of the story being spoken. Okay, I understand that I did not read Schneebaum's book before watching his celluloid story about it, but I still can recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing. At one point, Schneebaum talks about cruise and tourism boats, and next time he continues to talk about how he can not ride, then jumps to talk about a dead relative or some failed and poor saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least reject your story in the first part; Follow up with some of the things that cover his homosexuality, then end up with a cordial view of his visit to Peru? Also: I do not particularly care about Schneebaum's distasteful things about life and life, but at least begging the old man to keep up with his wandering. If I hear a guy who talks about how he prefers life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly bark and groan about going back home twenty minutes later. Another remark on direction is a random clip from a story at hand on small, small television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some might find clips that might be a bit memorable in the story, the director overused tricks and broke the whole movie to pieces by seemingly trying to put most of the effort to tell the story on old reels. It has been concluded that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Clean and simple. I know that I did not read the book, but I still hold the argument that this film is completely useless by noting that a good movie must stand alone. This documentary rely too heavily on the assumption that the viewer is already a passionate admirer of Schneebaum's work and instead goes from this assumption as an additional disk found on a DVD. Šnebaum is both arrogant and cowardly, falling into a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is incredible. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of people and cannibalism, turn around because "Holding the river on the right" is a shamefully hilarious self-serving banging over a man who has long had to have a real jacket and gag.
