Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) film career before they eventually joined. For many of Ollie's premiere films, he was screened on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and during his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as 'Babe'. While touring Britain with Lorel in the music hall for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of this nickname: at the beginning of the acting career, Hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's thick faces (those on his face) and said: "Good baby!" Hardy's co-workers began crying to him, 'Babe', and the nickname got stuck. Although much of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting - especially his comedy roles in supporting Larry Semon and Chaplin's importer Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Rogue (who?) in a series of low-budget short films for Vim Comedi Film is really awesome. Hardy and Rugs received screen names Plump and Runt: names that are inherently unpleasant, but worsened because Rughes (though shorter than Hardy) is not a particular problem. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like in his early Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without spit gossip and picky mustaches. One Overo Mani, an absolutely typical Plunt and Runt ep, is terribly infertile ... and his dreichness is even more striking by the fact that this film has the same premise as "It's My Woman" , one of Laurel and Hardy's most colorful films. Plum (Hardy) is a star of the boundaries in a little housewife, led by a tall, great gazdarica. Runt is a portrait. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John, whose doctrine he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a woman and a baby. He lied to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find his wife and baby in the short term. Of course, the results are catastrophic. It would be nice that these catastrophic results were ridiculous, but they were not. Most infertile humor here is just an empty slapstick, with figures that align their arguments by pushing each other in the bathtub. SPOILERS COMING. Director Vima Vill Louis (who?) Does not show any instinct for framing the camera: the actor playing the landlady is much higher than Hardy, and Louis constantly sets his footage so that her head is out of the box. This could be fun if it's done deliberately, but it's simply incompetent. At one point in this bad comedy, in the sky there is an extremely inexperienced joke coming closer to the black dungeon. "They certainly did not want to be laughing," I thought. But they are. Runt steals a black newborn and tries to wipe it out as Plump's offspring. Somehow, Plump gets a baby cot but still has no baby. With Uncle John climbing the stairs. This gag might have worked with a dwarf, or even with a real actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Rugue is just a little below the average height. Rugger's imitation of the baby is neither convincing nor funny, and Uncle John would have to be a complete moron to get involved in it. Incredibly, he does it! The most prominent aspect of "One Too Mani" is a short appearance - apparently her only film show - Madeleine Saloshin, the first woman of Oliver Hardy. Marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Lorel. Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very short sequence of returns, while Hardy remembers his romance at sea with a bathing beauty. In 1916 there was still no standard movie grammar for the transfer of flashback: it is shown gracefully and simply here. Too bad this movie has no other merit. 'One Too Mani' is definitely a movie that is too much on CV Oliver Hardy, and I rate this film just one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely much more fun than any of them separately.
