there was also a simpler time (seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple film about psychotic repetition of Christ from drugs as an acidic woman with uninterrupted dream sequences and interaction with retrospectives, while having multi-racial interactions - Orgy orgy regardless of financial obligations or moral consequences. This film, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of the kind of pretentious artistic education about heavy hands as an art in the mid-70s. And I love it! Once this wreck drives endless slow-motion zooming and heavy reverbed echo chamber of acid licking guitar, you can not take your eyes off it until it's finished funny and absurd. its kind of cross between superstars of Jesus Christ, behind the valley doll, and a really exhausting journey with parents on a waterbed. simultaneous wreckage of the train, completely fascinating, as well as excellent recording of the worst (or best) elements of the Bhoi film from the seventies. Complication. I will only tell you the plot because you will be unlikely to say what is happening because of the constant cross-processing of memories of events that may or may not happen to characters who may or may not be alone, and the face is painted with a hippie freak Nick endlessly caught in the banal sequences of the mime performance at the street theater level. "Logan" is a really boring ikonoklastičarka who shouts to people and is surrounded by a mostly non-filming team that always releases acid and we have something that looks like really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an ancillary role as what looks like an accountant. It seems that the movie crew hates him for some reason and breaks into a maniacal laugh that might be bothering him. The "Suzanne" titular figure is a wild blonde that pulls into space and comfortes a completely crazy "art figure". By the way, "artist" is completely crazy. either from his boastful exaggeration or from the incredible horror of his paintings. of course, the horrible acts of Susanne. there are some other characters that appear randomly, a cigar that treads the "man" character. which is also convenient for Suzanne. he has a monologue. I could not understand what he had to do with the story, except that they all had to hate the "man" then and you could not record a movie without him. There's a dumb girl. The dumb girl gets paid off in the end, believe me, incredibly stupid.
