A foolish guiding on the second coming of Christ in the form of hippies and albinos in search of Sandra Lok. You have no idea what is happening on the screen with an irritating theme song "Suzanne" that is played over and over again until "Suzanne's Second Coming" is over, but it's hard to know no matter how hard you try to forget the whole thing. This movie producer Logan, Jared Martin, who works on the wall, is trying to make a movie of the century, but it's so rude and disgusting that no one in the banking world is willing to fund his project. Planning to go with his Logan, he sees this couple in a cafe on the shore and is fascinated by young Suzanne, Sandra Lok, who reminds him of someone she knows in another life: Jesus Christ. With Logan's assistant and everywhere around Clavius, Richard Dreifuss, somehow getting a $ 740,000 loan from a bank to fund Logan's masterpiece, she begins working on Suzanne, laughing about her talent as an actress in order to she was interested in being in his film. This leads to the fact that Suzanne not only leaves her boyfriend Simone, Paul Sand, but Simon is so depressed and feels completely alone to take a gun into his mouth and throw his brain out. The film also has two somewhat unconnected sub-plots related to the young autistic girl Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who Susan cured of autism after everyone else in the psychiatric hospital in which she was consecrated collapsed . It is not known exactly what Susanne was doing at the hospital, but there seemed to be some sort of neat or volunteer staff there; was it supposed to show us in the audience that she, like Jesus, could miraculously heal the sick? There is also this journalist and great business tycoon Jackson Sinkler, Gene Barry, who looks like he was going through a very difficult middle-aged crisis or saw a biblical vision that forever changed his life. Sinkler was searching for the meaning of life as well as for everything in the movie and he wanted to know why all this was happening in the world, like this film in which he was, and it seemed that he found the answer when he first looked at Suzanne . Sinkler also had some sense in his head when his private driver, David, Mark Rasmusser, who got sick and tired of his strange and crazy hallucinations, almost ran out of a cliff in a camomile like driving along the Pacific coast. The Suzanne's second coming movie continues with a series of unconnected sequences, possibly filled in by the director and film editor for some time, and then goes to his latest scene in Christ's crucifixion on the hill while Logan has all the cameras. It turns out that crazy Logan surprised so much with his masterpiece as he tried to multiply, on helpless and bound Susan, the actual crucifixion of Jesus Christ some 2,000 years ago. It's hard to sit and it's almost impossible to follow the "Susan's second coming" brings you to the same type of torture that Suzanna set up for Logan and the creators of the movie. The film is trying to be artistic, but it's just an excuse to conceal its pointless and non-existent story, and worse yet, that horrible and amateur acting is all in it.
