To be clear from the beginning, "Bagman" is very, very, very bad. Terribly suffer in every aspect except one: the finished product is such a horrible movie that is actually hysterically funny to watch. This is a very low-quality movie. The budget limitations for the film should be obvious to anyone looking at even the starting title of the title. I'm not sure whether most of the humor in the movie was intended or not. For example, the movie takes place in 'Doomsville'. Note to all future home buyers: if the city you are moving to is called "Doomsville", keep moving. Stephanie Beaton quickly pulled her tip for a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I could not help but smile because it has intentional humor (it includes a gas stove ... you realize? The sex is TO hot? Shit?) And unintentional humor. Inadvertently in this case is music. It's like the theme of music for 'Chariots of Fire' goes Electronica. Turn off the computer and synthesizers! I realize that making music for such a small production is too high. I really feel about them, because the job here is so benevolent. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I did not laugh so much on the screen of Alone in the Dark with that 'Seven Seconds' song (I guess they implied that the poor old Mr. Even the ultimate credits are hilarious. Will you or not? You are a judge: a dog and the cat is part of a meritorious actor - and for them was the animal lover! - The boom is attributed to "Mr. B. Stiku," and the third party wardrobe (Yes, they had a third unit) was attributed to K-mart. Maybe I was just me, but I think the joy of this is more than saving a movie. The film is very, very bad, but the goals are Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so good at 'The Bagman' that you can not help but love the movie they produced. 'Bagman' is bad, but not awesome. In his sweet way, he even makes it a little expensive. you can not help but forgive them. "Better" films that try to hide flaws are in some way far worse. I suppose this is just a movie that knew who its audience was and how it was produced accordingly. Some of them may look cheaper, or have a worse activity or a lower production value. It's possible that they do not suffer terribly, because 'The Bagman' works from horrible editing, sound and effects. G. B. Stick did not do a really good job. Special effects look where most money went. They tend to be more ridiculous than horrible, although when finally "Bagman" finally decides, the makeup business is surprisingly well made. My 4 out of 10 is a bit tall but humor has helped a lot. This is an ideal movie that can accompany an evening with several friends and several beers in hand. Great entertainment should be made by anyone who seriously considers himself as a B-movie or lovers in low-budget films. All others should avoid high prejudice.
