Inspector Gadget was probably my favorite cartoon for 80 years. I enjoyed both the first and second season in the series, as well as in the Christmas specialty in 1992. "Inspector Gadget saves Christmas". Some fans of Gadget quickly criticize the second season (1985), but they should compare it with the 2002 edition of DiC "The Last Case of Gadget Inspector: Revenge of the Claws" because then the second season will be absolutely gold. Since I'm a fan of Gadget, I could not resist the opportunity to see an animated gadget of inspectors in something that is not related to Gadget Boi. I bought a movie and swore I would be objective; I knew that sometimes artistic freedoms would be taken from the original series. I was not even ready for what I was planning to watch. Barely remained original show yet untouched. Here's a short list of just some of the counterparts for this movie: * Humor does not exist from the original series. Penny and Brain (originally with nearly equal parts in a series like Gadget) are missing in action for fifteen to twenty minute intervals. The original music of Saban & Levi is not there, and the result that exists there is a sub-pair. (I realized that Shaban now has his own production company, but at least the "Inspector Gadget saves Christmas" had good music, even without Saban.) * Do not expect to see any of the Gadget gadgets that made the show so lovely, as The gadget is -copter, gadget-brella, gadget-mallet, gadget-coat (which is actually used but not even called it), as well as its standard hat and handheld devices. In this film, his legs were telescopic instead of springs. Such things are disturbed by the real fans of the show and are simply not necessary for change. Gadgetmobile from the original series is now a fast convertible. All fans of the original series enjoyed the transformation of the gadgetmobile into the gadget van and vice versa. The Kuombi boss is now very short and even for Gadget. In the original series he was always crazy, but this moves a bit a bit. Penny no longer has a computer book. Have any positive results in this movie? OK, here ... Maurice LaMarche is doing a good job for the great Don Adams as Inspector Gadget. the real villain from a series of cartoons: Great Vambini (classic "Gadget" negative from the second season, pronounced by Louis Nie). Looking for more factors for this movie? Well, you're not lucky. Life is about making decisions and living according to these choices. Most situations in life have a purpose, even if they need to teach a lesson. Learned lesson: stick to original formulas! "If it's not broken, do not fix it." True gadget fans should stay away from this movie; you will surely be disappointed. We hope, DiC and Shout! The factory will continue to issue more original series after the release of the 2006 "Inspector Gadget: The Original Series, Volume 1", which contains the first 22 episode of the series. As a gadget fan, an animator of the 80's and many DiC programs, I invite the viewer to buy "Inspector Gadget: Original Series, Volume 1" and "Inspector Gadget Saves Christmas" DVD which is great and safe to restore nice memories.
