"Bubble" is an effort to make a gay romeo and Juliet's type of story with Israeli and Palestinian, although it seems to come through a "friend" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are shallow and banal, as well as dialogue and dash. The film seems to be torn between the hair and the depth. On the one hand there is an emphasized effort to be shallow (in one example of many) some smaller characters even ask questions that call for the development of insights into existing conflicts and receive answers such as: "Hey, we've made a poster for the rave against the occupation here. the absurdity of such a line, that is just one of the many signals that sang that the film is equally hollow and irrelevant as its title suggests. On the other hand, the main performance of the film about depth follows the enthusiasts in the presentation of the idea of ​​Bentus about gays in Nazi labor m camp. The scene on the scene is awkwardly throbbing, undermining her erotic power (understandable in view of the limitations of film time, but it could have been arranged for a much better effect.) And it is written off as smoothly as the rest of the film. It deserves much better. The characters are so dimensionally drawn that some even have names that telegraph their whole (although the word seems inappropriate) substance. An aggressive Golani brigade is called Golan. A militant Palestinian is called "Jihad". Faghag's passionate roommate is "Lulu." Anyone familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, either from real life or from documentary films, will find that the scene of checkpoints is absurdly unrealistic as it is? Well, the rest of this soft fantasy. When a Palestinian woman goes to the fastest shooting work, Israeli soldiers are caring and helpful, and emergency help appears in a few minutes. (The outcome of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as an unacceptable Israeli charity, and even quite paranoid.) Overall, the checkpoint is portrayed as a mere disturbance rather than a series of stunning, mental, degrading obstructions, regardless of medical care or necessity in cases birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, a Palestinian lover, seems to be transferring from Nablus to Tel Aviv without any problems, without paper, without pain. He appears whenever he wants. When the Israelis want to pass through it, this is a much more challenging one involving a scheme worthy of Luke Ricardo. On the background of beautiful, supportive Israelis and slick homophobic Palestinians, we move to a resolution that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose? except as a painfully obvious dramatic device for dairy sympathies forbidden to lovers. Gay Israeli-Palestinian romance is processed on stage with much more skill and depth than in Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom" so this movie is hard even as revolutionary as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Celebrity bad movies? such as Ed Wood's works - at least have some striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This one does not have anything to do with it. Most of the soundtracks sound like Simon and Garfunkel on kuaaludes, and even with strange Edipal touches of gay sex scene, the general incompetence that penetrates this movie is played as the central TV movie of the week.
