I saw Crispin Glover, "What is it?" at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. However, the film is at least appropriately named, because I got a clear feeling that even the writer / director can not give an answer. At a session of questions and answers after screening, Mr. Glover said that the film was originally conceived as a short film that shows the virtue of using actors with poor syndrome. However, this in itself is not sufficient reason to make a movie. Actors, in my opinion, are blocks for a bigger vision - a bigger vision that seemed to be confused and absent in the worst case at best. Crispin Glover also said he wants to address taboos topics. Well, he does it. But why? It seems that the film has no attitude, there is no reason to address anything. Does he feel that these things should not be taboo? The film does not even give me an indicator of it. Tabu is not interesting because of the taboo. He can not even afford to hinder taboo or encourage at any level because he has not in any way paid attention to the audience. Ignoring problems with the concept for a moment, what shocked me most was how much the film was connected. Editing, cinema and other technical aspects were often extremely amateurish. Glover said that $ 125-150 thousand went into the movie, and I think the money should have been spent on different designers (Glover actually did some design - I know I've seen at least a sound design in credits). Fine sets are fine (not large), but are poorly used. The pieces feel like a photographed theatrical performance - what would be fine if it were for any purpose, but in Glover's hands it just feels untidy. Other parts are recorded as some sort of Home movie, of poorer quality than the many things I first saw in iMovie. Perhaps the biggest problem with "What is it?" that I can not even figure out how serious the film should be filmed. There are some parts that feel like Glover is yelling at you to seriously think. In other places, he does not seem to be on his little joke. Maybe he thought it was ironic, or meaningful in some way, but I only felt that Glover can not even give himself a serious attention to his film. Glover said that he originally wanted it to be a short film. That it was just so. At seventy-two minutes, the film runs out of images and ideas in the first twenty years, and it's controversial that ideas are sufficiently formulated to claim that they were there for that period of time.
