* Can it contain some kind of spoiler? * Just mentioning Crispin Glover is enough to send some panties to the geek. His significant appearance in Back to the Future as George McFly has always sealed him in American conscience. He recently tried to return to the cult subconscious with Bartleby and Villard. This time, however, Crispin made an 76-minute, cheap dada movie. Sometimes he reminded me of genius, while he was almost completely offended, but not because of his content. The content? What is that? is a film in which, in one half of the film, all actors have the Dawson Syndrome, giving it freaks. The other half of the film is Crispin Glover, Adam Parfrei and a cerebral palsy type. All this had the feeling of what John Waters was trying to do with a desperate life, and at the same time feeling more successful and worse. Half of the Actors of the new syndrome also contain many killed snails. It's about a guy who has snails and ends with the murder of one. And he is torturing a bunch of other people and a grasshopper. He falls in love with two girls, one of whom is having sex in a cemetery. He also has a fall with a friend who teases him. In a strange semi-interactive set, Crispin Glover is the director of this show. It's like controlling the mind of a guy, and the guy with cerebral palsy is something like sexuality. Well, at least it's masturbating in explicit scenes. There are other "shocking" images made spiritually, such as the Nazi Swazitas crossed with Shirley Temple, and minstrels in a black face saying they are Michael Jackson. love to kill slugs and beat other people. They beat him with stones and the like. Later, after they were tried, they defeated him. Back to the interior, Crispin Glover is still the ruler of his set and is trying to control everything but fails. br /> What is it? it makes less sense than Dr. Caligari, and has more than a passing style stolen from him. The claustrophobic mental space is very similar to the way Dr. They also had a dialogue that was absolute nonsense. And everything was wrapped up in absurd humor. The problem is, about 20 minutes in the movie ... maybe a little more ... What is it? run image. For the next 56 minutes, we continue to move on the same set of images, only by introducing new images in the form of an absurd puppet show. The film seems more than a movie that tries to push the envelope into offensive and taboo footage. He tries to ridicule and confuse the audience. But the problem is that there are enough different images for the 40 minute film. Even worse than that, cinema, set design and everything else was very cheap and almost unplanned. It felt like "OK, this is the way we can do it and remove it from the road." It was not interesting to me and it was ... boring. Dr. Caligari, on the other hand, had incredible cinematography and framing. The difference between these two models is quite stunning. Rating: C
