there was no effort to prevent Valentine from being just another teen slasher movie, a sub-genre of horror films that we've seen over the last decade too. I've heard a lot of people complaining that the film takes away some of the previous horror films, including everything from Witch Night to Prom Night for Carrie, and as much as I hate to be superfluous, it's so obvious that it's impossible to say anything. The sound of the hit over the head of poor Jeremy early in the film is so obviously taken from Carrie that they may have just said that in the film ('Hey everyone, this is the director, and the next is my Carrie-rip-off Enjoy!'). But that's just a suggestion. (spoilers) The film is structured by piece precisely in the same way that every other stupid teen thriller is structured. We meet a girl at the beginning, she is killed, people are wondering in the tone of the old oh-but-everything-what happens-to others-people, and then they begin to die. The problem is that the director and writers clearly and sincerely want the film to be mysterious and tense, but they have no idea how to do it. Take, for example, Jason. Here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of herself and the evil with women that he shares the check on the date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a brief lesson from history about how poor the poor Jeremi was treated, it is assumed to be of some significance. Besides, and, more importantly, he has the same initials as the boy who terrorized all the girls in the sixth grade, and the same initials that were signed at the bottom of all these greedy greeting cards for Valentine's Day. It's not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be the main suspect, and Jason is the perfect example of effort, but not such a good example of successful effort. Of course, I thought a little that he could be a murderer, but that's not the point. From the early days we know that he is terrible with women, which connects him with the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, flirts with a flicker of two main girls, and then gives them a hateful look and leaves, disappearing from fun and from film without explanation. We already know that he is a carbon figure, but his role in the film was so badly conceived that he was completely pulled out when they were finished with him. On the positive side, the killer's true identity was, in fact, hardly predictable at least in a subtle way, which, unfortunately, is another upheaval. Early in the film, when Shelley stabs a killer in his leg with his scalpel, he gives no sound, suggesting that the killer could be a woman who was silent to prevent her from revealing himself as a feminine, not as a man. But then for the rest of the film, we only have that hard, merciless, unstoppable killer with a senseless mask and that gigantic butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with due respect, seems to have had some problems with girls in the sixth grade) mentions that it was influenced by Halloween. This, of course, is absolutely unnecessary, because it's so obvious from how much he's plagued in the movie. The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and had no problems with nose bleeding. This thing is shameless. Finally, there is a short attempt to deceive us once again about who the killer is (complete with a slow and drawn "i-killer" mask removing), but then we see how Adam's nose begins to bleed She holds Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he's a killer all the time. Nothing in the film hinted that he could be a killer until the last act, and these inexplicable nose bleeds were not the brightest way to identify the real killer at the end of the film. Valentina is not scary (I watched her in an empty house alone after midnight, and I was afraid of the darkness as far as I remember, and I was not even scared), and the characters could be cautious. It was not so obvious that he would only die. I remember being impressed with theatrical performances (although the movie was in the cinema and went faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
