** CONTENTS SPOILERS ** Truly exceptional Sean Ioung (who in some scenes, with her hair suited, looks like Elizabeth Tailor) is striking in her introductory moments in this film. Sitting in the back of a police car waiting to signal a bust, her face and body are tense and shaky. Unfortunately, when a bust, Ioung's tightened behavior never changes. This is one fatal banned actress. Only need to compare Ioung with the artist who plays her colleague and best friend, Arnette Valker, to understand what is missing in Ioung. Walker is open, emotional, and relaxed at all times ... in that there is no obvious barrier between what she feels and her expression. She is an open book. Young people, on the other hand, act in a rude, self-conscious way that you might expect your neighbor to act if they suddenly get thrown into the lead in the film. Basically, she has no idea. While this big emptiness appears at the center of the film, we let ourselves consider the implausibility of the story. For example, after the criminal kidnapped Miss Young and she was locked in the closet, she broke the door when she remained alone. However, it is only dressed in a bra and panties, but in a similar situation, with a psychopathol that must be returned at any time, would you go to the door ... or take the time to go through the dressing room, take out some clothes and get dressed? I suppose these and other scenes are trying to propose some kind of mixed feelings of character Miss Ioung, but Ioung can not convey this kind of complexity. The film has a few moments that affect the film. , such as brief police interviews with victims from the past, but all in all, it's a hellish endeavor. It's a pity that Miss Young was replaced while she was shooting a couple of comic-strip movies that might have used her limitations with some humor (BATMAN and DICK TRACI), because her wandering while trying to get real people unusually touching. Watching Miss Ioung trying to act, at least in this "thriller," is a sad spectacle.
