Mild SPOILERS that are included here. I broke this movie to save you the effort to watch it. Jet Li's films fall into one of two categories: Shaolin films and films set up in today's Hong Kong that run around triads or triad organizations. Each genre has its best and worst movies. "Twin Varriors" is Shaolin's best film from Jet Li while "The Evil Cult" is his worst. "Fist of Legend" while in the recent past was the best film of the "modern era" Jet Li. The "black mask" is no doubt the worst. Jet Li plays a self-lost mercenary who has received an injection that gives him superhuman ability, but shortens his lifespan. In his "new life" in the exile is played by a pacifist librarian. When his old mercenary squad starts raping, Jet Li becomes a prisoner determined to stop them. He wears a very ridiculous corrugated mask mask to hide his identity from the police (and the public) as a librarian, and to conceal his true identity to his former comrades in arms. The version I've seen is synchronized, and it's horrible. Why does Jet Li catch and keep hostages from his colleague from the library if he is a Pacifist? Is there a love story among them? Why does the chief of police not care when he finds out about the true identity of Black Mask? The plot is just plain BAD. Poor way of superhero, bad in the sense that characters have never been properly developed, bad in character interaction, and all this is supplemented by a half-explained story in which I quickly lost interest. The action and sequences of martial arts are far above the top. The film contains a lot of blood, bloody bloody parts of the body, explosions and superhuman fairies of martial arts Matrix style. Unfortunately, these are the best and only sales films. If you want to see how Jet Li plays superhero vigilians in an impossible mission, the film "Black Mask" brings. For the rest of us Jet Li fans this is a real disappointment. This is one of those films in which Jet Li never became Jet Li: he does not get a chance to fascinate us with his charisma, nor the chance to impress us with his impressive but real ability of martial arts. Usually, the Chinese highlight of Ozzy Osbourne would suffice to hit me in the movie, unfortunately, the "Black Mask" proved to be an exception to that rule. Moreover, the antagonist of this film, dressed up, his long straight hair, and sunglasses look like modern and old Ozzi Osbourne. However, the criminal is not on the screen long enough to make a trick worth the attention. I suppose that similarity with Ozzy was intentional; next to the sight of a villain, he also led a hideout in search of satans. A lot could have been done by Ozzi Osbourne! If only the writer, director or ANIONE tried to give the background and develop the character of the personality of a film criminal! after Lethal Veapon 4, and I'm glad that I've kept up to now. Maybe she ruined my perception of Jet Li as a martial artist and actor. If you want to see Jet Li in the worst case, rent 'Black Mask' and 'The Evil Cult' and make it a double feature or horror, both intentional and unintentional. Otherwise, hold on the moves that use the talents of Jet Li, and you have plots that are semi-well-designed and acceptable. 3/9 stars.
