Ouch, what a painfully boring Sci-Fi movie! And this is especially sad because the opening of the 15 minutes was so full of action and potential! During the introduction, we followed a pile of nervous policemen and engaged hits while they were driving a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of secret files. Having detected the allegedly terrible and inhumane events happening in the lab, he was executed. Figures ?? Since then, 'action' has moved back and forth between the two locations, the laboratories mentioned above, and the rural villa of a corrupted senator (or something), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiments are in fact completely the opposite of the disturbing ones. More like boring, senseless and unclear. Scientists have chosen four random individuals without relatives, and it's really really important to tell the truth, although a giant machine anyway reads the content of their minds. They all conceal the dark secrets of their past and people suffer when they discover; I still do not see how these tests could ever lead to a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. Interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting because none of them have personality. Basically, the "Brain Machine" deals with only a bunch of lame people living in an awfully decorated room. The film could have been half an hour shorter if there were not a thousand staggered recordings of buildings! Moving from the lab in the villa and vice versa is marked by EVERY ONE TIME by shooting a place of five seconds. Either creators really need padding or they just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers are morons who are not able to spot the change of location. Watching the abandoned swimming pool with a castle in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite disturbing, I assure you. James Best's performance as a revered with mental problems is pretty decent, but one person definitely can not save this thing from an absolute loss of time. Avoid!
