"Damsel in Distress" is definitely not one of the best Fred Astaire's musicals. But even the bad Asteira movies always had some good moments. In "Damsel", Astaire is Jerry Hallidai, an American music star who is in London on a personal tour. She meets Lada Alice Marshmorton (19-year-old Joan Fontaine), a beautiful English heir, who is cast into the back of the taxi that she runs to avoid a bunch of fans. Jerry believes that Alice is forced to marry by her rich aunt. She tries to get her out of her family house, but she soon finds out that the staff of the house puts bets on Lady Alice. Keggs (Reginald Gardiner) succumbed to a butler, and Albert (Harri Vatson), brotherly boy, alternately helps and sabotage Lada Alice's romance with Jerry to make sure they win a bet. Musical has many problems. First, there is a plot, based on the novel P.G. Vodehouse (co-author of the script). The story is slow, painful and nervous. When Fred does not dance, we must endure the infinite boring scene (s) of Fred who romans Joan Fontaine or (b) Keggs and Albert who oppose them and each other. Batler and house boys are especially irritating. They are one-dimensional characters of villains, the types you just want to hit in your mouth. You want to get off the screen and let Fredu. Astaire suffers in the absence of her usual partner, Ginger Rogers. Joan Fontaine is the unlucky leading lady in this movie. She goes a little toward her, in character, except for her beautiful face and beautiful smile. George Burns and Gracie Allen are together for a ride, like a Jerry publicist and his crazy secretary. The Duo added some essential chemicals to the plot, and Gracie has some funny lines, but it's also very boring from time to time. The regime of George Stevens movie is not well made. Sometimes cinema is horrible and out of focus. There are a number of open scenes set in extremely foggy streets to try to persuade the audience that we are in London, not Hollywood. (They must have used tons of dry ice in this movie.) On the plus side, the songs of George and Ira Gershwin are great and become the classic standards of songs. And of course, dancing in the movie is remarkable, thanks to Astare and his choreographer Hermes Pan. However, music and dance numbers are poorly used and poorly derived. Sometimes, actors seem to start singing and dancing, because, well, it's time to start singing and dancing. Music numbers seem to be accidentally inserted into a curved plot. (At one point, the butler leaves the castle and enters a solo operetta for no apparent reason.) The numbers include:  "I dance and I can not bother now" - Fred dances well in the foggy London busy street. He says a big "garden race" with a valid umbrella - but the number stops too soon when Fred jumps to a transit double-decker bus. (In Broadway's musical "Crazi For Iou", Harry Groener made a much better version of this number with a group of choir girls.) "Put me on the test" - Fred, George, and Gracie work three dancing in an English cabin. George and Gracie respond to Freud by step, but the number ends poorly when everyone gets kicked for no reason.  "Stiff Upper Lips" (fun house number) - in a fun park house, Fred, George and Grays entertain dance on a rotating floor, rotating barrels, and fun home mirrors. It's the best movie number, but sometimes it's a little over.  "Things are looking up" - Fred and Joan Fontaine together perform their own dance number in the movie. the rear forests of the peasant estate. Fortunately, it's a very simple dance number because Joan is not a great dancer.  "The Foggy Day in London" - Fred wanders around the misty estate at night, singing about the foggy day when he first met Joan in London. Sometimes it seems like it's not sure how it goes into the fog - just like the music number itself.  "Good job if you make it" - a great song that is abused in the movie. During a social event in the castle, Fred enters the chorus of leeches with raw faces who accidentally sing this song. Each time Fred joins, other singers look at him as if they want to leave. (Again, Harri Groener made a better dance number with this song in Crazi For Iou.)  "Drum Dance Number" - As Fred and Joan are running, Fred has to stop and make one final dance number while the band is flicking drums. As usual, it's a big dance number. But there is no need for that, except to extend the film. The most critical moment in the film comes when Fred decides to jump from a high stone balcony on a farmhouse to prove his love. for Joan Fontaine. As he jumps from the balcony, he finds a properly arranged trapezoid - exactly, * trapez * - hanging from the nearby tree. Fred (or rather, the stuntman in Fred's Clothing) grabs the trapeze and swings on the floor. The movie is worth a DVD only for dance numbers, but you feel the grateful guy who invented the Fast Forward button on the remote. >> The FF button allows you to skip other boring scenes in the movie to get to the dance numbers.
