I had great expectations from this indie who studied many of the criticisms that had taken place. Then ... Here's my extra 'two cents' for already published, excellent 'lost in translation'. Precondition: Morgan 'stuck' in a dusty town where he met lovely Scarlet who works at a local supermarket. Can Morgan help raise a lovely Scarlet out of his living space? Real Dialogue? NOT. How about shopping in Target? First, Freeman looks into the interior of Target as if he had entered Harrods. Then he rolled over on a t-shirt stand and confirmed that he had never been in any store visited by lovely Scarlet. Morgan is separated from all aspects of Scarlet's reality and is shown as cheerful in his ignorance of everyone and everything in Scarlet's life. One reviewer enjoyed Scarlet and an ek-musical battle scene where she survived, the car in this case requires a physical attack on her ex-husband. Does Freeman run for her defense ... no ... he is excited in disbelief and completely incapable of dealing with such a dull aspect of her very real, regrettable in life. Freeman's character believes that car wash and a new very revealing blouse key for Scarlet's job interview. Another sign that Freeman is CLUELESS. It was irrational that Freemann was an endless "theater talk" in which all aspects of Scarlet's reality were reduced to one or another phase related to Freeman's experience. Freeman is right to point out that Scarlet is young with her future in front of her and then simply ignores the walls of the bricks that look to the visor: uneducated, without skills or experience with a white collar, VERY LOW, without family support and lifelong low self-esteem. Scarlet teaches such lessons from Freeman as: some people are paying $ 100 for a t-shirt, and the revealing blouse can open the door instead of her lack of education and skills for the job. In the end, Freeman offers Scarlet a little more than a strange diversion with the 'star', even without paying gas for Scarlet's dead nights, returning to her unchanged life in a city called Freeman's name.
