I rented the English version of Lensman, hoping that, since coming from well-known novels, he will have some substance. Although there were indications of the essence in the film, it did not generally rise above the level of the children's cartoon. Perhaps the movie is a poor adaptation of the book, or it lost much in the synchronized version. Or maybe even original novels were light. But for any reason, there was not much there. I have noticed many details that have been derived, messy, poorly dramatized or otherwise flawed. Some examples: The opening of the scene was borrowed from the 2001 "star gates" scene and images of the stars from the war zone. The robot on the combine looked like an anthropomorphic "R2-D2". It begins by trying to borrow a comic relief style of Star Wars, but mercifully (since humor does not work) gives up. on the comedy and plays seriously. In that sense, it's superior to Star Wars, a franchise that started with a clever sense of humor, and eventually worsened to Jar-Jar's dull nonsense. saw the farm. The harvester drove through the untreated middle of the field, thrown silage to uncultivated crops, rather than working from one side to the other and throwing silage to already picked rows or into the truck. Corn poured out a grain, but the farm was drawn as a wheat field. When the time came for Kim's father to confront his fate, there was no dramatic difficulty. on the scene. This was partly due to the voice of the actor in English, but the drawings did not show much weight. Kim's reactions to the scene were also unconvincing. Similarly, when the figure of Henderson was killed, Chris showed very little reaction, although they supposedly should have been close. (Henderson's death is not a spoiler, his name is not revealed until his death.) He seems to forget it immediately. Somebody's expression of sympathy shows more feelings than she does. I think the loud actor deserves the most guilt in that case; there is at least a hint of feeling in Chris's drawings. On several occasions, villains are unable to fulfill their orders. The criminal's thief often punishes these failures with poor deaths. I can not say whether it was erected from the Star Wars, or if it comes from an earlier source - possibly Lensman's books. There is a scene in which the spaceship crashes. As it descends to the ground, parts break from the ship. But there are so many pieces falling down so as not to leave anything from him until the moment he arrives. While in most cases Chris looks like a competent, robust spatial hero, there is a scene in which she screams like an incompetent girl in distress. Somebody strong enough to survive Henderson's death, so he should be able to shout quickly: "Help me, I can not reach the gun!" Instead of just screaming. The character with the most personality (almost too much time) is D.J. Bill. He sounded like Volfman Jack, D.J. in American graffiti. I wonder if he is so well expressed in the original language. Two planets in the movie have exploded. The explosions were immeasurable, and they seemed to owe much inspiration to the Wars of the Stars. However, due to the explosion, the cause of the explosion was completely different from the primary weapon of the Death Star. The dialogue had a good, interesting explanation for the cause. Many other explosions in the movie looked good, but not planetary explosions. Some of the sound effects are very raw, as if they were borrowed from video games of late 1970s. Some images look like primitive video games, and some Tron's influence is visible. On the other hand, the sound effects are often pretty decent, although this emphasizes the sounds of sound parts. Art is also good, especially when it is not close to computer graphics that often looks like cheese. Finally, there is a story. If the film tells a good story, it can be extracted with many shortcomings in production. But the plot was pretty light. A naive boy is trying to help someone on a weakened space ship and gets a great power he does not understand. He and his band of very clever comrades are fighting against the powerful, undefeated evil of the enemy. He makes friends, teaches his special power and grows into a young man. If he is persistent and honest enough, he may even win the enemy's evil. Details can, by the way, lead to the story rise above a simple design, but in the film there is little more than that. In the end, it's just a small movie. But then, since the main target audience seems to be older children, it may not be anything more than that.
