Vov. Watching this movie today, you can not be horrified by writing this movie. Spencer Traci and Loretta Young play a couple who in modern times can be introduced to "The Jerry Springer Shov" - since they have a sickening and offensive relationship ... and inexplicably, the writers seem to support it! The film begins with the hungry homeless Loretta, whose poor, but very resourceful Spencer Traci shows the ropes. He showed her how to do a good job with a little money and keep her home in a hut to stay. It's never clear whether they're getting married or not, and considering that this is a pre-code movie, you can assume that they are not even living together. Their relationship is very strange ... and pretty sick. Although you can see that Traci takes care of her by his actions, he is verbally abusive and total jerk - and Young comes running back for more like some sort of dog. He calls it "skinny" or "ugly" and, in a sick way, his way of using love! Later, when she starts joking with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what she wants, that's fine! It surely smells like a sado-masochistic attitude and you can not feel a little horrified. Of course, he does not strike, but the connection is very offensive. To show how painful it is, when Ioung becomes pregnant, she says "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll blame everyone for it" !! Iikes! Does not this look like looking through a spy in a sick and dysfunctional house ?! Later, in the case of art that imitates life, Tracy proves what kind of person he is and disappears. After all, he can not be burdened with a baby - even if he is his. But he changed his mind and decided to return home. Wow ... that's a bit of him! And, when he returns, he is nasty and behaves as though he is staying, he is not obliged to take care of the child !! And tells him he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost tearing at the moment ... no! Soon, this crazy couple gets married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because he seems to stay as long as it suits him - not because of any kind of love or sense of responsibility. How can you then save something with this type of sick person? What would you do? Well, as far as the writers are concerned, they have Trace soon committed a robbery to pay for the bribe! The romantic aspects of the film are the least thrilled! During the robbery, Tracy acts as a stupid man - he almost does not undertake to take precautionary measures against being caught - as though secretly hoping to send him to prison. And to show how he is a good guy, the guy he's trying to rob is one of his best friends. Although there's more to it in the movie, the bottom is that it's a jerk jerk and Ioung is an idiot in the movie. Despite the fact that they are both very good actors, there is absolutely no way to do anything of this shit that the writers have made. Beautiful music, fine sets, good acting ... and a scenario that is 100% poo. As the film is currently rated at 7.4 is above me and I wonder how one can ignore the pure horror of the characters. A terrible cover-up that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. Oh, and if you are wondering if Loretta EVER gets the backbone in this movie or plays the person who is the least strong, the answer is NO! In the end, she did not learn anything and she did not change at all. Certainly not make movies as once ... in this case ... thank God!
