may contain spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night at LMN (Lifetime Movie Net), which is not known for displaying quality movies. THIS FILM IS AVFUL! I'm still stunned to watch the whole thing, because it was terrible. Can this movie contain more stereotypes? (Harfovanje Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with children of priests, a large-sized crucifixes in every room shown in the home of Catholic families, Mexican whores, "bad" guy who really soft heart, incredibly bad accent in the country) GEG! !!! In the beginning I was intrigued by the fact that I have never heard of this movie, and after I saw that it was polik ferrous and Corin Nemec, I decided to stay up to 4 hours to watch it. In any case, the only thing that buys this movie is the beauty of madchen amicka. I guess the acting and the German are fine, but they have a horrible script to work. Unlike other reviewers who commented on the lack of teksanskih accents (film should be held in Austin, and few people have that mistake) I think the accents were there (in supporting characters such as the date of Mary Margaret and John) and were unnecessary. They were also very bad. So I'm tired of Hollywood's "southern" accents that sound like an area from where it should be accent. and since it is supposed to be held in Austin and shooting films there in 1991 would not be expensive, I fully expected it to be known images of the city: a beautiful building capitol, UT Tower lit for winning a football game, and so on. None of these things were there. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours drive to Mexico from Austin. At one point in the film, Michael and his posse go to Mexico to lose their innocence and can not drive off when it is dark (during the summer and early fall does not become dark in Austin until 21:00 or so), spending time in Mexico as get drunk and have sex with Mexicans (do you have any other types?) whores, then return to Austin by dawn. While it is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. if someone started school in the hilly country (usually the third week of August, but maybe it was in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to disable from heat stroke, do not wear their jackets letter !!!! ! in August and September in Austin and its surroundings it is 90+ degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or jackets for letters on the first day of school. all in all, very badly made for film experience.
