James Bond in the wild? Well, it looks like: Pierce Brosnan is best known as Bond in "Tommor Never Dies" (1997) and "Golden Eye" (1995) - both recorded before this release. Frankly speaking, two movie films are poorly presented, and Brosnan turns into something more convincing, and Annie Galipeau (like Pony, the love of Gray Sove) has to fight with carefree written dialogue. The two aunts, on the other hand, are perfect. But the film is not about aunts. It's about the wilderness of the Canadian wildlife. And while photography can be beautiful, there is no cruelty in the cruel reality of life in the wild. Annie Galipeau, like Pony, just unfortunately does not manage to be convincing, because I really wanted to believe in her. She was a relatively inexperienced twenty-year-old on this film, and it could have worked, but Richard Attenborough might not have been strong enough to her. He makes her look vulnerable, which is of course she ... but in the wrong way. But one thing is certain, it looks perfect in the picture. But the mascara and thicker eyebrows in the wild? It simply does not fit, especially because it looks like it's just walking in the forest with Bond (sorry, Gray Owl), and uses photo-operations to kiss the big plans. With them I have lived people from the forests of the Northwest Pacific, and they just do not look so nice and stay so cute as they struggle for survival. Which brings me to the second point: the film fails to show the period in which it is set: thirty. I blame myself here to a great extent on the lack of shine that is prone to preaching at the expense of dramatic arches, drawing points and those tiny details that can cause a period through action. Villiam Nicholson wrote the script. , and his latest offer "Elizabeth, the Golden Age" was opened three days ago, so I hope there is improvement. Yes, I read the comments that others posted, but I'm not convinced. A lot of potential, but wrong and maybe even badly imagined. Had he had a religious film, he would have been running, but because he preaches ecology, the film remains a bit above criticism because it is "politically correct". Sorry, for all that, I do not buy it. Amen.
