There are so many games on the title of spectacularly bad Valentine that I do not know where to start. I'll say it though; Here's a movie that makes me eager for the complexity of Valentine's cards that we used in elementary school. You know, those with Batman who shout: "You're a super Valentine's fight against crime!" ignores the influence of Scream. Zlikovac is omniscient and almost invincible. The heroes are scared when people run around the corners and grab their shoulders screaming "HeiIjustleftmicoatbeind!" The result is more than an ohologist from Norman Bates's mother. Bad story follows a few friends from childhood, who are now grown up and extremely lush. Since the film does not do anything else to them, they stand and wait for them to kill them by the masked stalker one by one. It seems that this stalker is a former stupid Jeremy Melton, whom women have repeatedly refused, and men beat him in high school. When Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive scary cards that predict their ruin. Melton looks like an obvious suspender. The only problem is, as many characters warn, that Melton could change his appearance in thirteen years so it looks nice and convenient. So (insert the terrible crowd here) they are all suspects! Here's the problem. To have some feeling of uncertainty as you watch Valentine, you must accept the reality in which the stupid high school can become David Boreanaz. The stupid are not pretending to be Angels when they grow up, they turn into older ones, balder scabbers. He is not a horrible actor, but the script, not less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the actors nothing else to scream and discern. Denise Richards (crazed actress in Hollywood who never acted in Baivatch) was particularly exploited; the most embarrassing in the obvious excuse to bring her to a swimsuit just before the critical scene. Note for yourself: always bring your swimsuit on Valentine's Day. Just because February does not mean you may not want to dive a little. Slasher in Valentine dresses black with a head on her leg with a Cherub mask. Here's a problem number two. The film's authors obviously thought it would be a disturbing image on the head of someone who was hitting people in the face with hot iron. It's simple and simple, it's not. Instead, I wondered how a man with a mask covering his whole face, including his eyes and ears, could move so secretly without hitting naked chairs or tables. Then again, keeping in mind what Kupidon's killer is doing, he may be teleported and his eyes are on his hands. Not only is the film bad, it's not even sure who the killer is; The final "twist" is more "Huh?" from "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, then you sigh, and then you are looking for the closest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on St. Valentine's Day, find something, anything else to do. You'll be glad you did it.
