It could be the worst movie I've ever seen. Despite what Mikshelt claims, this film is not nearly as close to historical accuracy. It starts bad and from there it's all downhill. We have Hitler's father who curses his bad luck for "the fact" that he married his nephew! They were actually relatives. Hitler's mother, Clara, called her father, Alois, "uncle" because Alois was adopted and raised by the clarinet grandfather and grew up as his son when he was his nephew. Alois was much older than Clara, and as a child she had the habit of calling Alois, "Uncle." Scenes in the trenches where Hitler's mistress mocked and decides to take him to a dog is simply a shame and an insult to the intelligence of all viewers. We see that Hitler drove the dog through the trenches, when he caught the poor things that continued to tear him to disobedience. In the distance we see and hear that his soldiers continue to mock and punish a cowardly little man, but then the shells land directly on his pursuers, and each last, as we have been told, is killing himself completely. How then, if Hitler was the only person who survived the scene, did this story of brutality and cowardice come to apologize? Did Hitler himself "boast" about it? - I do not think so. Next, Hitler abuses and intimidates the poor, under the stress and war of a tired Jewish officer to give him the Iron Cross! I can only assume that this Jewish officer was a pawnshop before he fought for the Fatherland, and he carefully brought some of the promised medals from his store, for I am sure that he did not lecture on the Iron Cross as shown in this comedic farce. All the grotesque clichés are here, not just the calming and hypnotic effect of Wagner's music on a young man. Only the producers kept Ian Kershaw on the side. Then they may have found that "Merri Vidov" Franz Lehar more likely floated Firer's boat than any "Flying Dutchman" from Richard Wagner's cannon! Hitler may have been responsible for the death of 60 million people, but how will he ever be forgiven for his terrible music? I could go on, but I'd be on it for hours. Give him Miss.
