As usual, I really enjoyed the new TV / movie about your favorite theme - it's a nice change from * strangely-known * documentary about Kursk or Stalingrad on the Channel History. I was really looking forward to Pearl Harbor and Enemy at Gates - but he was roughly knocked down to the ground with the knowledge of the malicious, stupid power of Hollywood - and her ability to spend absolute wealth on the Tripe. So I am again excited about the 'Rise of Evil', especially when I heard that Ian Kershaw was involved, because I enjoyed his books. I see why he quit. To quote a guy responsible for this nonsense: "Kershaw's book was an academic story," he said. "It was pretty dry. We needed more incidents." Incidents? Are they totally crazy? Hitler's life can not be said to be without an 'incident' - that Kershaw's two volumes of Hitler's biography were long and detailed, but they should have been. The thesis behind the 'Rise of Evil' seems to be: Hitler was a very bad man - no, he was a very bad man who hated the Jew, and only in If you miss this, we emphasize the fact in EVERY scene in the movie. There was no effort to try to explain the mood of that time, and why Hitler might have adopted the views and strategy he had made. Needless to say - unlike the generally excellent "Nazis - warnings from history" - this film ignored the fact that almost all the leaders of the Munich Communist uprising were Jewish, and that this may have colored his views on the topic. - and its axiomatic connection of Jews with Bolshevism - an absolutely crucial aspect of understanding a large part of the Nazi era. But there was not a lot of understanding - filmmakers did not want to go there, so we got everything we already knew. We certainly do not understand the fascinating fact that Kershaw alludes to, which Hitler was briefly a Socialist / Communist immediately after the First World War. It would, of course, be too complex for the film to handle, and perhaps even distract from the merciless 'very bad' mantra that is constantly struck. We know he was a bad man. However, we also know that he was a hypnotic figure and as a public speaker in private situations. He could be kind and even compassionate, and of course he accepted some views such as vegetarianism, anti-alcoholism and anti-smoking that many Guardian readers can agree on. He was also known for his love of animals, which makes this totally fictitious dogfighting scene so absurd. He was also, from all the accounts I saw, a brave soldier in the First World War. While we saw him with his iron baptism, we never saw how he had won (courage was not in the script, it is unnecessary to say). We also do not get any insight into why he was so infuriated by war experiences, while Sassoon, Owen, Brook, Remark and many others considered it to be a disgusting experience. Again, as the Jewish / Bolshee link is above, this is vital for anybody's understanding of the subject. Why did he love the war so much? Why did he think that this is always a good idea, despite the massive evidence of the opposite? Why did not he care about his colleagues who died? Or maybe he did - but he nevertheless made the wrong conclusions. This film certainly did not have any interest to say about it. Like all of this too often, the film is a classic example of 'making history relevant to the present' and inventing things or leaving unpleasant facts to fit into 'the present' - which is too often to satisfy the lowest common denominator, where it does not appear, you do not trust your audience for one centimeter, so you just stuff things into their throats, knowing (unfortunately correctly) that you will always get away with it because there are so many stupid fools in the world. History is actually about making us relevant to the past and seeing it color our present, for the better and worse. This nonsense was a great opportunity, lost again. They spent millions on it, and the locations and great scenes were impressive, but they did not tell us anything, and we did not know that, and promoted not to understand this dark period in human history. VT
