** SPOJLERI ** A little ridicule made for a TV movie has a sexy and medieval mug Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, working the number on every man she comes in contact with. They first won their hearts, then their wallets, and then, when they were no longer useful, they were thrown into the waste basket like worn paper tissue tissue. Isabelle's first victim is no different from her abuser, to protect Isabelle from attacking his bank account, husband Stevart, John O'Hurley. Later in the film, when Isabelle is very busy with the former plumber, and now with Richard Davies, Philip Casnoff, she, without actually telling him, that Richard is completely loving-sick, gets a contract for the life of her husband. Getting this former convict, in fact, as soon as he gets rid of the prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do a job on Stevart Richard, soon finds out that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000 in cash, for. Too greedy Daggett not only ruined Stevart's brains, but also took a solid gold watch, which Stevart offered him to start his life. The watch was easily followed by Daggett as he tried to stack him in a local jewelry store where he was quickly arrested. While Doggett poured food that hired him to hit Stevart, it does not take long for Stuart to arrest the long arm of the law, hiring Doggett, the husband of Isabelle's killer to be the former seller of plumber and yacht Richard Davis! Davis's arrest by the police happens just when he and Isabelle have taken the vows of marriage in the local church! Isabelle manipulates everyone, exclusively to men falling on it, to their advantage by getting them to do her dirty work. Always playing the role of a naive hostess or widow or lover or even a client of Isabel seems to live a charming life is always a step ahead of law and police. Regardless of what she does, Isabelle so well covers her behind herself that it is almost impossible to fake it on anyone, to make others do, to many of the crimes she does through the other party, in the film. After figuratively and literally fucking up her first husband Steven, his second husband, less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard, lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rei, Isabelle knows it's only a matter of time before the police become wise. While D.A. received both Richard and Kendrick to hand over the evidence against her Isabelle, now knowing that she is getting closer to her, makes her the final move. To get everything done, transferring all of her money abroad, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter, Ruby, Lauren Collins, collapsed in the passport to get their passports out of the country. It's when crazy and smart Isabelle makes the first and probably the last and fatal mistake in the movie. Isabelle was notified by a passport employee, Don Carrier, she will have to wait for 48 hours for she and Ruby's passport to be cleaned! Enough time for the police to find and arrest! An unusual ending that opposes almost everything and every ethic that's in the movie or a movie about crime. A place that not only will blow your mind, but also your concept of what is right and wrong in the world!
