For your own sake, it would be best to ignore any positive reviews that concern this film. This movie moves. Now, I love (at least in theory) horror films of a low budget, but this makes the worst mistake that can bring low budget speed: It is taken too seriously. And, unfortunately, this is not the only problem. It is a story about the killer Beane clan of the British Ilses transposed to modern times. An interesting premise, but there are two things that are immediately confusing about this movie when you begin to watch it. # 1- Why is the biggest name on the CD box Jenna Jameson? She is a woman of below-average looks who can not play, and plays a small role. Answer: She is clearly a well-known porn star (as you undoubtedly read in other reviews), so I guess it's for her "comedy." It seems that the film provides the necessary "name recognition". Her superb calculation is no indication of her talent, however, this is an indication that the rest of the acting tone is unchanged. 2 - How can filmmakers be so stupid that they think Canada can be passed like Ireland? It does not even look like Ireland. And the house where the guests / victims reside is this large North American wooden structure. They should have skipped the whole Beane theme and developed a story that took place in the NA. Also, if you want to make a movie that takes place in Ireland, it's best to have more than one character with Irish accent (and it was really a really Irish accent.) Now, this would not be so bad that the director did not try to make the next "Night living dead ", but it seems he was. A pity. He could have entertained with that. In fact, some of the scenes were not far from unintentional comedic behavior. Like the notorious gutting scene, whether the woman is tied to a table, removed naked, then opened and sliced ​​eviscerated. That's funny, you ask? Well, in the version of the deleted scene, the killer of the mutants pulls out a mile after a mile of the intestine. It's actually funny after a while. And what does the self-esteem of the cannibal eat eating out? Do we eat hookahs and chickens? No, we eat hams, ribs, and pistes. Oh vell. Some of the other actors who were boring: the evil, creepy Hovard Rosenstein. I'm not sure, but I think he should have been thrown like STUD. Actually, he's a big loser and a ball like his name implies. That would explain why the character who played equally disturbing Gillian Leigh fell on him. I checked Gillian Leigh on her IMDb link, and it's obviously important to know she graduated with honors. I can not decide whether it is more fun or more pathetic to know that only a couple of years after graduation, a student of honor is working naked in a soft porn scene in a shower with a guy named Hovard Rosenstein. I wonder if her former colleagues saw this film? If they are, I hope they get the message: AVOID THIS COURT! IDI TO FACULTY !!! I could continue, but why. If you like it, you will find something that can be used in this movie, but not much more.
