I am in Iraq right now doing a job that gives enough time to watch movies. We also have access to a large number of pirated films, this gem came along with 11 more films, and this is easily the worst I've seen for a long time. I have seen several more reviews that claim that this movie is not taken too seriously, but I really think it's a concealment of the fact that this is terrible. It's not a language in the face, the writers really thought they were improving on the Blade movie. This film is just one step above Vampire Assassin, which if you did not see, I recommend. At least this film is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you thought. This is true at that point without any abusive qualities. from bad acting, to visual clichés (i.e., opening a loan), to top-level special effects. they could not even get weapons gaps, which could be related to filming, but if you use the effects, make them close to the exact ones. As for the actors, it seems like they just went to that class and picked up the first, not the ugly fish that came out. Once again, like Ron Hall in the Vampire Assassin, do not allow a folklore act, they can not. Also, a comment that this is "the return of old movie vampires" ... no, it's not. That's exactly what all new vampire movies are about. Buffy vampire killers, Blade, Undervorld, are all about some of the great stars who fight with vampires. This is the latest vampire genre, with poor blood, fake shouting and stupid acting. It's obvious that anyone who wrote a good overview of this is somehow related to the movie, or to the actors' actors. But I do not care, I paid 33 cents for it. In any case, in order to finish it, somebody in the first semester of the film school decided to make a movie, I give them recognition because it's better than I could. Of course, I also know that I can not make films, so I'm not trying. I know how to watch movies. I work 12 o'clock in the night, 6 days a week, I saw several thousand a year when I was here and this was so bad that I half-hoped that there would be a mortar attack.
