Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her children gets out of control with her ludicrous boring jokes, she will never survive this time .. boy, is she ever on the money? Karen is a school teacher who leads her group of children from the College for Sheplea's historical studies to a ruinous site of a collapsed building in the main bunch of Ireland .. surely has places in this country that is more like this ?! Custodian Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not stray into the forest. There is a myth about the clan of Savnei Bean, a ritual Druid Canibal family celebrating Samhain (late October, 31st) "The Day of the Dead" where victims are needed to calm down the ghosts. Garry is allegedly beaming, says his cousin Pandor (Ginger Linn Allen), since he was born in Samhain. Funny because it certainly does not see the results well or even gives tips exactly. Almost all die (even those who never wander through the path) and do not even see their terrible fate. What this monster is hearing breathing is the victim of the way too inbreeding .. it resembles a deformed fungus and it looks like a disgusting rejection of Mad Mak images. It does not take much time for a "evil breeder" to kill everything. Paul (Hovard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest that made a wrong decision in Ireland without her girlfriend's previous knowledge. The appalling formula slasher does not deviate from the norm. His small budget loudly shows, and the characters are clichés on the assembly line, which are again thrown out to sneak in the usual way. Most of the violence quickly crosses the screen, without much thoughts about the breeding acts of death towards its victims. Many intestines are drawn during rapid editing, while one scene whispers to another. To see a beautifully naked body of Gillian Leigh for a moment or two is not enough to recommend it. Phil Price is really an irritating character from a rogue, Steve, who often throws bad jokes ... how he is able to bring Leigh's Barbara naked in the shower for some action, is speculation, because I have no reason why I would have a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has a happy role for Shae, a quiet, virgin smart girl (which is also pretty hot), which we know will be the one she will choose to survive. Jenny Jameson falls long enough to cut her heart out of her chest (at least for a moment we see her breasts before her breasts open) with a few smaller lines about two missing friends looking for her. The main problem of the film is that the story and character development are stopped because he realized that none of them is at all interesting, and director Christian Viel just let his monster fight and cause a slaughter, destroying the entire plaster almost in one failure. within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a little openness as a victim who turned from the road to a tent camp with his own fish.
