Last night he rented a series of blockbuster films, and this was the first one I watched (it was late Saturday evening, he asked for a "horror movie repair") ... Wow, this was awful, almost awkward so ... Stupid story of a slasher guy, I really thought that a movie like Scream ended; actors who deliver clichés and a distasteful dialogue that is hard to believe are actually typed and read from the site; and scenes that do not get excited (especially when they appear in a badly written film). But I always believed that no film was 100% totally worthless. Here are some good things I can say about this mess: # 1 Bobbie Phillips: she loves this actress. She is the only member of the acting team that shows any acting talent. The only reason I hired this was that her name was on the front page. He expresses his presence in this design with professionalism, although it seems to be sometimes confused when he behaves in such a moronic story. # 2 Unintentional Pleasure: This is a kind of movie I remember when there were still grinding mills across the country, and once used to appear like this film as a third movie on a triple bill with some prestigious movie about a thriller who finally made his way to the hinterland. Unfortunately, in this direct video, most viewers now have to endure these same parties, without the common experience being part of an audience screaming and throwing things on the screen because the film is so awesome. Which leads to ... # 3 Porno Stars Trying To Act!: Mainly on the hand, because the producers do not have to tweet or advocate pulling for extended sex scenes, but this compromise is usually means that they really speak some lines that should improve the story (except "ooh ieah babi" or "harder!"). And, proudly, everyone is professionally tested when they look stupid when they are trying to act. I almost turn off Ginger Linn Allen from this group if her character should not be an Irish mom and she sometimes tries to make an accent that only keeps a smile with the arrival. It's nice to look positively in all the experiences, and this is what I took from this septic tank called "The evil dog"
