Yes, definitely better than watching the Death Tunnel. In fact, some of the deaths were pretty genuine and the blood was decent. It was as if the Turning Wrong encounter with Hills had eyes. OR: 1.) When are "kids" (high school or college?) discussing horror films in the kitchen, everything Shae says is a nearly accurate quote from Scream (1996). The thing about girls with big breasts, etc. 2.) Was Steve NOT A RANDY Crane from Scream? 3. Apart from the fact that this happened in October, what was the film about Samhain? Pretty unnecessary if you ask me. I find it funny to see those 80's horror films that explain the free ends by pointing their fingers to druids or pentagrams. 4.) Vov have made the reference to Sam Raimi !!! 5.) Why is Gary and his sister in the movie? These are characters who have nothing to do with anything. And he is so psychic that he could not even see his own death? 6.) When Garry was killed in the bathroom (at that moment, the death only became sloppy) that she could hear screams when she was down, but she did not hear them standing in front of the door? 7.) Gary's sister commented Haggis - it's primarily Scottish meal, not Irish. 8.) So, the lesson is if you are like Shae and do not have fun or laugh the whole movie, you will live? 9.) Mutants were pretty cold, but they looked like fishes for fishing in Chili con carne. 10.) When they brought Garina's sister, did they forget that Steve was there bound and wondered where he went? 11.) Was there more than one killer? He still won, but he never met them again. 12.) What about flashbacks to other people? Half of them did not know if they were dead or alive, so what about it? 13.) Why did not Garia and his sister kill themselves before? 14.) Why did not anyone call the police? And it seems that everyone knew that these people lived in the forest, why they never organized a sort of raid? 15.) As far as I know, they were not zombies or vampires - so how could she "turn into" one at the end? I'm with everyone else on the giant "huh?" At the end. Much better than a dead tunnel, but still quite messy. I still do not understand why they even put him in Ireland, since Samhain had nothing to do with the plot.
