Justifying what happened to his film in terms of distribution and secondary directors, drunkards and receptionists who make the script aside, let's take this film as offered, without any foreign explanation. This film is a God horrible. Right to cryptastic. Instead of repeating what can serve as a plot, I will launch a pronounced tone of some strange points that have made me scratch my head. Class (out of 5) goes on a trip to history to the middle of fucking Ireland. These students can be Canadian or American, it's hard to say. It is quite obvious that it was filmed in the Canadian Forest, not in Ireland. It seems that one student does not know anything about history and that he is basically a "stupid" figure from a series of 80s movies, except when Randy was channeled out of Scream. One character may be a duplicate of Chris Klein. She has a girlfriend who is probably killed, but she has never been determined whether this is true. One character is crazy and removed from his peers ... just ... that's why ... and there's a blonde. Iai blonde girl. Ireland has a population of 2. They are relatives. Gary, who is apparently the same age or younger than the rest of the actors, is often called "cheese". He's very nasty and wears a knitted hat. His cousin is an angry porn star with the worst Irish accent for a movie that is in life and most likely outside of it. The picturesque Ireland contains many Canadian forests and wetlands and 2 ducks that appear more than one Scene scene. Manufacturers were given a discount on the amount of false inputs. Good for them. Without knowing about me, the terrible inverted freaks have access to the brand that hunts new hunting knives. There may be some kind of open-door exit in the vicinity with the blind and deaf officer who is running the registry. I also do not know if you are inbreed about 600 years, as the story tells us that it happened, you end up. to be a bit rough but incredible spy and quite strong. Genetics is a wonderful game of craps. In this film can or does not have to be more than one freak. It refers to "them" and we see the shadows, but only one strange looking man is ever seen. And when one strange character was finally killed, it is obvious that all the danger has passed. I run with my initial assumption that no one was thinking of equipping another man in full composition, so they only used that one. It looks like on the screen anyway. Richard Grieco should be ashamed. Also, in addition to those brilliant new knives, inbred freaks have access to some shoddy leather accessories, such as Richard Grieco cut off their connections, there are freshly ready for the next nail that is bound ... that it also runs away, because the chains give you enough time to just undo them, so you're wondering why it's even trying to connect anyone. The dead body in the cottage will be damaged, after about 2 hours have passed. The said dead body will also have glasses, when no figure was worn. Interesting. Jane Jameson appears without reason from the stage left, talks 2 minutes, the phase disappears to the left. In the middle of a giant forest. It's not unusual, because Gary may also appear out of the blue, which is also known as what's on TV on the screen. Ms. Jameson is dying unfortunately and somehow her clothes disappear as my hope that this movie will not blow the wind. I offer a special sign "characteristic breeder", a poor girl used by freaks. months (or perhaps years) for breeding purposes. Poor girl who still has eyeshadow and emotions on the camera with all the guts and conviction in the plush chirps. The end of this film was obviously engrossed by a drunkard or someone with a frenzied mental feeling. The disability that has been cultivated and encouraged by excessive benzene use over the years. Obviously this was not just a random shit I found on the movie network late at night, obviously people heard about, and even followed this film through its production. How sad for all of you. I have nothing more to say. Let God be merciful to all of us.
