Tourists go to Ireland on a school trip to learn about Druids. What he's encountering is a terrible story of Cannibal killers. If I had to summarize the evil breed, it would be the lowest degree. The film unites Dead Alive, Evil Dead, Vrong Turn all in one. It is a pity that the film has so much inconsistency that it could track it to lose any kind of "entertainment" that somebody would watch. The film has many casual "horrible" nudity ... although in the movie, four porn stars play, and the fourth, so it could have been much more. The breed also shows a good amount of up. The evil breed has a terrible start, with funny dialogue and terrible acting. It's shown in a movie with a horror movie, but this takes a cake. I can not figure out who the main character is, because a woman who "lives" in the end is not so much in the movie. Speaking about the ending, it must be one of the most extreme and most ordinary endings in the history of the film. It does not make sense to the rest of the film and completely changes the view of the film. You need to look at this movie to trust him, because there are some pretty large death scenes. There are two scenes of death that fall into my mind, one in which the inbred kill the rips of the inferno from the naked woman through her breasts ... to her breasts, do not ask me. The other id, when the guy re-puts the intestines, rubbed it through the asshole. Does it kill a guy? No, the killer continues to stifle a man with his intestines. These scenes remind me so much of Dead-Alive, with the right amount of humor in each of them. I also got the meaning of Evil Dead, with the meaningless mention of horror films and Sam Raimi. With Halloween, when the female figure is in the closet screaming for his life while the killer desperately tries to get in. Although, up and nudity is not enough for poor audio and visual quality of the movie. When the teacher wakes from the bed and goes down the stairs, her steps are so loud and she claims she looks like she was wearing boots. Really confusing. Like the continuity in the movie, with just one killer? As well as which character dies at that moment. I could not say whether the breast implant Jenni or Gary's sister / cousin ... I can not remember. Like a random naked chick with a dead baby hanging from her body, still attached to the umbilical cord. Terrible editing is also hindered, the opening is too fast and disoriented. He had a bad start and got better, but the ending just brought the movie back to a terrible level. If there may have been better production values ​​and more faith in this movie, then it would not be horribly killed until death. Stay away from this movie, unless you're happy with a bad movie that's under the budget and with the good ones up there.
