I'm a big fan of the Spaghetti Western genre, and I usually love most of the cheap ones. Famous director Demofilo Fidani, he is rightly known for some of the cheapest, the heaviest, and, worst, contributes to the genre. Records on Fidan's films were usually very weak, and as his talent was quite limited, he usually tried to sell films by adding famous western spaghetti names such as "Django" from "Sartana". In this particular case, "Giesta La Testa ... Hombre" from 1971, he just took the title "Giu La Testa" Sergio Leone ("Duck Iou Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film can be found under various titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Westerly Story" ...), I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros", which shares this film with another Fidani film with almost the same cast, "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari ", also called" Adios Companeros "in the German version. The action is pretty weak, basically followed by a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and His participation in two rival gangs led by Butch Cassidi (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). Jeff Cameron's leading performance, politely speaking, is not very convincing. I did not even find Jack Betts like 'Butch Cassidy'. B-movie legend Gordon Mitchell, however, is always worth a try, and although he probably was not a very good actor, I always thought his performance at Spaghetti Vesterns was rather funny and original, and he actually saved some of Fidani's films (like is pretty shit "Django and Sartana ... Shovdovn in the West"). There is one very funny and original thing about the "Giu La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinsky. plays the priest! I could imagine Kinsky in any role, but before I look at this film, I would never have guessed that anyone would cast him as a priest. Kinski is, once again, great, although there is only a little time on the screen, and one scene in which he interrupts the fight is probably the only good scene in this. Another interesting feature about this film is that the legendary director and king of the mud Joe D'Amato shot the film. "Giu La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap, shy movie, but nevertheless, it has a few funny moments. Since I'm a lover of spaghetti west, it was fun to watch, but if you did not, do not watch this movie, or watch it just to see that Kinski played a priest. 3/10
