In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began to make images. They were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keistone Studios") and were literally thrown out in a very fast sequence. Short comedies had very little structure and were fully advertised. As a result, films, although popular in their time, were just terrible according to today's standards. Many of them have great resemblance to home movies in which hated relatives looted the camera. Many others show that the characters wander in front of the camera and almost nothing works. And, whatever the outcome, Keystone sent them straight to the theater. I guess all the films at that time were pretty bad, because Keistone films with Caplin were very successful. Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and love today, has just begun to evolve later in Chaplin's career, Keystone. By 1915 he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenai Studios and the films dramatically improved with Chaplin as a director. However, sometimes these films were still very rough and were not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin as a sweet Little Trampa has evolved. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films improved and became a more recognizable guy - in many previous films he was just a jerk (or much drunk, beaten women, provoked battles with innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tram to the classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. It is interesting that this film is called THE TWENTY MINUTE OF LOVES because the film only lasts for ten years. minutes! Oh well. The plot, the little bit that has, involves Little Tramp in the park. The couple wants to come back, but inexplicably, Charlie insists that he practically sits on the wings and really irritates them. I can not understand why, and it's a short one that Charlie walks in a park that interferes with them and some other later in the movie. Maybe he asked for a troika, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and is simply not funny - even when people start to snoop and push each other into the lake. Typical poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character a complication and personality.
