First, it deserves about 5 stars for acting (some that would give me a better subjective thinking, and not objective as it should be given to this, WELCOME, the star), but then I know that these facts are used for the actor (S) IME to increase the rating of something Such ... I have a problem with such productions; Another attempt (such as "can not be traced") of systematic propaganda characteristics of promoting the interference of authority with your rights (how interesting it is to come when IPS service providers are trying to "prefer" = CENSOR information, and Americans and Canadians are fighting against this at the moment). This time did not mark the transfer of torrent files as evil (it should have reminded you of such a feeling whenever you transmit data to the network), but literally trying to create a sexually frustrated population as a whole. It seems that the promotion of the fear of HOLLYWOOD'S NORM OF THESE DAYS, especially when it comes to the thriller that is the most prominent genre of films on demand in the last two decades or so = the most viewed, is the best way to try to influence the society as a whole. such levels of violence are reflected in these traits of morally and "ethical" people, that it gives a new, much-needed meaning to "figures against the hero". do not be wrong, this is NOT a "DEXSTER" that should have been a high quality party. STOP SALES "Fear," please, the world would be a better place without him and the dollar than him. The initial scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a scary image of Erroll Babbage who is CLEARLI suffering from sexual frustration. The way it handles black males is very disturbing, if not racist (surely it's a "cliché bar") (in real life, someone would probably have been beaten for it, you will see what I think). The second scene (with the present character Claire Today) is even more extreme. At that moment, I realized, in my opinion that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual for people around him. As many people who have seen or will see this movie, they were never "held" (in relation to both sexes) from themselves. It is customary for the film to give an extreme CRIMINAL CASE (which, unfortunately, was also to repeat itself somewhere, somewhere) but fingers to everyone indirectly, as well as "could become", etc. with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something that can be condemned, let alone "asses," by such a fanatic "hero" here. SIGURAN sex in many of its forms is healthy, not some evil that is obviously Richard Gere's character obsessed on the road to some sexual "crusade". that we have not learned anything from the recent scandals in which priests and young men were! or how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13", but can not even see the breasts of women until "R-18"!?!? (however, the industry targets these self-made sex perversions such as the "American Pita" series, for example. "Raise the levels of children's snippets, but frustrate them and lead them into the underworld in the development of fetishes for unhealthy extremes!" All sexual activities (after mutual acceptance ) integrate individuals better than some "real" accident, TO blames their own troubles and shortcomings on "the lives of others" (a new German film that would function greatly in comparison to these two different and different worlds on the same subject). Indeed, as in this film , you'll probably be I'm annoyed by the actors who are showing well opposite what they were supposed to be. I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunting party", the characteristic in which he really shines and the more real "hero" (and after real but then only reminds me that all these people are only actors who are paid to play someone's political and social program. "Flock" and "undetected" 2 heads of the same hidden beast))) just reminds you if you know anyone with similar attitudes to this topic as ANSWER, as Erroll Babbage had you here, yes and h Keep your own safety away from them. they would have killed my family faster than any 0.00001 chances of Paul Jerrod in someone's life ... In the end, I recommend this to anyone who is thinking negatively about my "evaluation" of this particular movie (and "untraceable") , so you can have similar thoughts as I do. nothing sweet from a propaganda film filmed in the "leg".)))) Once I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because they would at best confuse them even more than the "common" belief "money + glory + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "Scream" series and films as such HAVE have a defined entertainment value (even if it's stupid in my opinion). but this one is just another "believe me, I know what's good for you" deep (I did not do as well as I could add) subconscious messages.
