Although THE FLOCK has a fairly good act of veteran Richard Gere, and some good recordings that could recapture some of these days, the film extends its credibility to the fracture point and destroys a plot that really does not lead anywhere. The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere) who works for the security department and prepares for retirement. His office gives him his replacement, Allison Lovri (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is obsessed with his job. And that job is not very funny. He oversees hundreds of sex offenders who are on conditional freedom. Allison goes with Errol to a number of calls to check his "flock" of offenders and finds out that he desperately needs a pension. But Erroll is good at his job even if his methods are not. He is mocked by sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by presenting these devious past. It is this "good justification" that drives the audience at some level, allowing us to see how brutal Erroll is, and yet how he became out of touch (because he is too close to his job). When the teenager disappears in Errol's "area," it immediately comes to the conclusion that she was abducted from one of her herdsmen. But how could he have known? Is Erroll so good at his job? Allison challenged him, and Erroll retreated. Their battles are as fierce as Erollo's need to find a missing girl. Although the setting for the story was fine, she did not have any umpf! However, I will give the recognition to Richard Gereau, who plays very well with Errol's character. Battling retirement. Worry about everyone close to his flock. Disgraceful to the ones he is responsible for overseeing. I was ruined by the fact that he had to do some things he was doing. A completely change in character for Gere. But there is not much behind him. Some of the sets are fine (dark and dangerous), but there are so many other problems as if they were funny. I will be the first to admit that the suspension of disbelief is mandatory whenever you watch movies. But this suspension has limitations. The greatest pressure against these restrictions is the destruction of extremely vital scenes of crime. Someone so pedantic as Erroll knew that the movement of the body would be a huge no-no. Or hooting through the crime scene. Or move the evidence. It's gone and hurt the movie to the end. Another harmful part of this film is that we never get into the character Clair Today, Allison. She almost fell near the road at the end of the film and we were never aware of her intentions: Will she stay or go? Will she end up like Erroll if she stays? This is not a horrible movie because it touches some unpleasant moral basics, but the story as a whole was supposed to be reinforced.
