So ... put on DVD and the most professional thing you see over the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point, you know that you just jerked around. People are generally sufficiently reliable to assume that if something is put on DVD, it will be at a certain level - at least financially, if not creative. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distribution companies are perfectly happy to film DVDs of amateur films together and to send them right to the stores to wait for a customer who does not doubt that he is attracted to a well-designed DVD cover. The weight of this project is probably the independent pioneer of horror film, Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known among fans of the genre because he is responsible for various other low-budget wolf-films - "Rage of the Verevolf", "Verevolf Tales" and <br /> < "Blood of the Verevolf" is composed of three short independent stories of inmates without a real connection, except for the fact that they deal with hereditary shape changeers. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", largely determines the tone for the whole thing ... A man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who was in love, only to discover that her dominant grandmother does not allow her to allow her relationships with men and for reasons somehow associated with a dark family secret. This attachment is poorly focused, poorly focused, and basically nothing better than what you could along with some friends and home video cameras. The second story, "The Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmuth. She tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a designer, and the other wants to get this power. Her desire is approved, but she does not become the creature she conceived. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who worked on this project, but they are still not enough to lift him above the level of an amateur film. And finally we have a "Manbeast" in which a soldier goes through the woods while being persecuted by the other two. They want to kill him because he is bitten by a beast and is believed to be dangerous, but everything may not be what he looks like. This one has an interesting concept, but it stretches too long, and if you do not guess what's "turning" in the first ten minutes, then you probably are not too bright. This pretty much sums up the problem with the whole DVD ... a few good ideas just are not enough to justify the spending of money on something like that. After all, would you pay for an image that you could paint?
