"Spielberg likes the smell of the sentiment in the morning. But the feeling at the expense of narrative honesty? No one should love it." - Lucius Shepard "Color Purple" is happening in the deep south during the early 1900s, and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film begins with girls playing in the field of violet flowers, an idyllic refuge that immediately breaks down with the appearance of their eyes. This motive? the innocence that is broken by men? pervades the whole movie. The film then runs a series of short sequences. It was discovered that the cell was fertilized twice by her stepfather, that she was born in a dirty stool, that she was taken to a newborn baby and that she was forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent rapist who raped her several times, forcing her to cook Cleans and watch out for your children. All these horrible scenes get a little time on the screen and are surrounded by the moments of pixie dusting, a silly symphony partner, incompatible comedy and excessive camera performance. The cumulative effect is the merging of Disney's cartoon and rape film, a heavy aesthetic that has led Stanley Kubrick to notice that The Purple Purple has so tormented him that he must turn him off after ten minutes. Ten minutes? It took a long time. The film is often said to be dealing with "racism," "sexism," and "black culture," but this is not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual, but is actually a lesbian. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story about women's liberation and self-esteem, which men paint to violent brutal women who hinder women. For Valker, the only way out of this labyrinth is that a woman joins a kind of lesbian utopia, celebrates black sisterhood and women's independence. Spielberg's film, however, re-turns Valker's story through the lens of consoling American mythology. This is a film in which the rescue power of Christianity goes beyond the natural cruelty of humans. A film in which Albert finds himself in various funny situations, embedded moments of wrong comedy to look like a fool. The film in which all the characters are derived from racist emissions musicians, actors are composed of perverted men (always gleaming with devilish smile and teeth), stereotype obese mother, jazz bands and choirs evangelical. This is a film in which black people are naturally childish, ready and happily accepting their social conditions. A film in which black people are severely separated, body sensors dominated by violent passions. A film in which the problems of poverty and class are completely invisible (Albert lives in a big house) and blacks are completely incompetent. This is not the Old South, this is the Old South, which was derived from "The Desert with the Wind", MGM Muscals, "The Song of the South", Varner Cartoons, "Hallelujah!" and banned Disney movies. In other words, it's the South that sees a child raised on TV from the 50's. Everything is so cartoonish, racist in the way that this human being reduces to one-dimensional ethnic stereotypes, compared to the black novelist Ishmael Reed with the Nazi conspiracy. Of course, in the typical Spielberg film ends with the healing of family ties. This reconciliation was in Valker's novel, but Spielberg goes further than every character in the story reconciles with his relatives. Apart from Valker's letter of hate towards blacks and Spielberg's bizarre black caricature, nothing is shown to us in the black community. We have only the clearest ideas about how any of these characters earn a living and there is no insight into how they communicate with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera jumps, desperately fighting for our attention (one of Celiejevih kitchen device looks like it belongs to the movie "Home Alone"), every emotion is no longer playing, the director does not stop just watching something or allow a little life. Connect this with the quintessentially "white" music of Kuinci Jones and you have one of the strangest movies in the history of the film: the furious feminist tract that was shot by a white Jew in the style of Disney and Griffith, was hit by a blacksmith trying to mimic John Villiams. Problem is the lack of white characters. Consider this: the men in this film are not shown as rough towards each other, nor dominate women, because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their masculinity. No, they are cruel by nature. And women, whether they are peacefully suffering as Celie or rebellious and tough like her sister, persist and survive only because men are too stupid to destroy them. Better film would not be focused solely on the oppression of women, as it happens among the oppressed, but to show that the abuse in a society that has led to abuse of a spouse, to the enslaved black women forced to perform the same tasks. as well as their male counterparts (still fulfilling traditional female roles) and that American domestic violence appears mainly due to economic factors, women who are unable to sustain themselves and their children. So there is a hidden ideology working here. Later in the film, one character tells the other that, since he did not respect his wife, she eventually became heavily beaten and captured by the whites. The implication is that Negroes must return to their African roots in order to regain their dignity and that their fault is that the whites are unjustly broken. - They respect each other in their poor minority community and you will not oppose the dominant white culture. 3/10 - Failure to face sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, innumerable series complemented by foreign visual pizzas, incompatible comic business, accentuated musical characters and wild hyper-emotionality, all contribute to rendering "Color Purple" is worthless.
