First of all, I would like to say that I love the sketch of the Ladies' Man on the SNL. I always laugh loudly at Tim Meadows' portrait of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature film. Watching Leona performing her performance and making obscene comments to her listeners and appearing all sorts of segments for her show, such as "The Ladies Man Presents ..." that resembles "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely funny. There is a great episode in which Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Levin, and Leon plays Bill and they call it the "Oral Office". You see, that's funny! In the film we do not see Leona too often. In fact, he was thrown out of almost all radio stations in the country. And the shop revolves around his quest for true love, including a mysterious letter that fell on his ship on board, signed with "Sveet Thing". Karin Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary at "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", works with him on the show and has a secret love affair in León. The film only builds up an annoying background for another. And the edges are boring. The first time we see Leon mentioning the word "Wang", it's pretty funny. When using it over and over, allegedly trying to laugh, the joke is dried out. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are the jokes we've heard before, and they did better on the SNL chart and boredly played for an hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a music number from Vill Ferrell and his group of haters to a female man who all want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him to bring their lives into this ruthless comedy. Ferrell has a few funny moments and is trying to get the most out of otherwise unsuspecting role. Ferrell just has this unique comic talent, and he's funny in almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a kameya. Looking at her, you can not but ask: "What the hell is the actress who won the Oscar in this movie? !!!!" Her name is not mentioned in the introductory entries - probably after her consent. And of course, the film of this theme must include the very masters of love, Billy Dee Villiams. Billy Dee is as always charismatic, but even he can not breathe enough life into this movie. I must add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, which makes the film more difficult, giving it a horrible tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, this was "supposed" to be a comedy. Soundtrack would be suitable for something like "Love Jones". "Ladies" just sporadically laugh. There are exceptions in which SNL can produce an excellent film from a short sketch. Watch the movies "Vaine's World" and you'll see how it works. But this film, just like the adaptation of Mari Catherine Gallagher's character in the Superstar, shows the flip side. Some sketches are intended to be remembered on the SNL rather than on the silver screen. My score: 3 (out of 10)
