The classic story of a shrinking passion from 1997 has earned its well-deserved legendary status as one of the biggest saga of the condemned and hopeless love on the screen. The ubiquitous, continuous and progressive magnetism between Judge Reinhold and what his name will surely place many hearts of viewers on the back with memories of their own first sympathy. The brilliant scenario seizes this embryonic affair in front of the enthusiastic crowd, sitting transfused as an abstract, almost expressionist cinema profoundly focused on a just superficial desire to feel and float between the principals. You can reduce sexual tension with thick iron. The small sweat of the sweat at the end of the nose catches the brilliant sun and leaves no doubt in its character. These scenes abound and the bears look again and again. As with "Jane Eire" and "Rebecca" (to which this masterpiece is so often compared), the big plans of actors' faces while experiencing a slow turn of great love-to-not-be-will persecute you forever. Now the classic RC soundtrack result, with its creative and unique use of solo synthesizer, highlights the emotion that drips through leaks like leaks. If I had any criticism at all by mentioning what I consider a minor disadvantage (and dared to risk the anger of millions of fans who hold this classic so dear in the heart), I would say that the mark "Runavai Car" his sense of sexual intercourse tension - the scene of the highway has been interrupted for a short time, which, after multiple reviews, seems a bit long (and probably even unnecessary?) for the eternal, bitter-sweet story of Love Break. Do I dare to advance what perceived as the slightest disadvantage in this laudable triumph of modern cinema? 'Citizen Kane' had his Rosebud. . . Runavai Car should have its own word. Perhaps the movie could be opened with Reynhold's extreme grand plan, which says something like "the car is an extension of his owner!", And the rest of the story could be devoted to the analysis of every style, subtlety and nuance of that phrase. . If this line of complication was made, this film could have crossed the "Titanic" on the Golden Globe that year, I am convinced. My only regret? If I had not read the novel for the first time.
