After watching many "Nekt Action Star", the reality of TV eps TiVo recorded this nasty horror for me. For some bizarre reason - and I'm just guilty - I've been looking at the whole thing, hoping to be something * unique in the whole movie. After so much news of Joel Silver's "Midas Touch" with action shifts, you might want to make sure that the bone is on his alchemy. First, the only redeem value of the whole movie was Billy Zane, even he could not pick up the unexpected writing from the crapper. Saying this, Zane's performance drops about two-thirds, because he does not even know what else to do, except that he seems complacent. Still, I can not blame him here. Writing, in truth, was exhausted. Let's get ideas from Rat Race, Enemi of the State, Terminator, Midnight Run and any bad gambling movie you can imagine and simply repeat it. And who is the brilliant idea of ​​having two sequences of a bridge in the ROV? Sean Carrigan, "Man of the Clock" in "The Nekt Action Star", shows all the advantages and disadvantages of casting directors mentioned throughout the entire cycle of the series. Johnny with one note, Sean plays well with a dumb good jockey, but he's struggling with the weight of the movie. Quite honestly, it seems that we do not care about whether he lives or dies somewhere halfway, because Carrigan fails to give the public the reason he likes it. His stupid, but happy routine is getting old because there's really nothing to do with that figure that is uprooted. But Carrigan is a dream compared to the woody, rigid Corinne Van Rick de Groot. Did Howard Fine really tell her that she was pretending to be the Terminator for the first half of the movie? I do not think so. I was constantly expecting to quote Arnie. Its characteristic "performance" can be compared only with the dramatic depths of "Freddi Got Fingered", although not so well developed. The camera likes it in dark, shady limousines, but in the sharp light of day, its behavior destroys all the energy from the screen. Jeanne Bauer showed more natural life in her five-minute part than Corinne showed in any part of her time on the screen. In the end, Sean has a robust look to give a good track in the acting ensemble, but should not have left to do this one. For him, it was simply too big a task. "The next action star" Jared Elliot may or may not have more luck with some more dynamic characterization, but it's hard to say with Jeff Velch's chromatic scenario. Somebody needs to take Velch's iMac away from him before he hurts himself or anyone else. And finally, Van Rick de Groot was simply out of reach, even for such a complete shlock. Joel Silver should be ashamed.
