Many of the main characters in Hideo Goso's Hitachi 1969 (manslaier, called Tenchu) were real historical figures (in the "Western" format for the name): Rioma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ____ Anenocoi. The name "Hippocrates", a historical term, refers to a group of four super-swordsmen who carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the ruling Tokugawa Shogunate in the mid-1800s under the orders of Takechi, the leader of "Loialist". (ie ultranationalist, pro-imperialist) fraction of the Tao clan. What was she fighting here? Sadly, you will not find out in this movie. "A brilliant historical lesson" indeed! No, Gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody cuts and gambling and (to the absurd length) of inner torment, not really the brilliant killer of Izo Okada, but in revealing the current history. For example, Sakamoto was one of historical significance, considered to be the father of the Japanese Navy. The closest Goshe comes to a lesson in history, in which Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers a traitor to the Loalistic goal, attempted to instill in him in the Takechi Palace. He begins with a discussion on the international political situation, with foreign warships in Japanese ports and Japan that is too weak to defend themselves against them. Want to know more? Sorry. Gosha interrupts this potentially fascinating lecture in the middle sentence (!). So much about informing your audience about a milestone in Japanese history. The film has left me completely confused about the goals of the two sides in this fight. During the two and a half centuries that Shogunat had had central government in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change, preserving feudal social relations. She was afraid of external contamination, both ideological and technological. In keeping with this spirit, it banned firearms, "leveling" instruments in Europe and America, with which a peasant could face the samurai. During this period, the Emperor was nothing but a spiritual figure. But in cities that stood in neutral zones between feudal feuds, a new class of traders, landlords and craftsmen developed - - a class known in Europe by the French name, the bourgeoisie. Inevitably, as this new class gained strength, it became embarrassed against many borders of the feudal society. As in Europe, the king (the emperor) became a central figure in the struggle of the bourgeoisie against the feudal aristocracy. But the political leadership does not fully understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outer world arrived with a scratch in 1853, in the form of "black ships" by American Admiral Perry, the ruling Japanese elite was thrown into a crisis. Their army did not respond to these foreigners. They also heard of the devastation caused by the British and French imperialists in China. What should Japan do to save himself from the fate of his weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements within the usually isolationist shogunate were inclined to open up foreign trade to get some of their advanced technologies. This is the view that is (barely) presented in the Sakamoto film. On the other hand, the loyal imperators, ultranationalists, who represented Takechi, believed that they could keep the foreigners by force only if they could prevent the other faction from "selling the land". (Sounds familiar?) So, the murder of key figures Shogunat is fine - and we are going far. Takechi's motivations were, for me, the greatest puzzle of the movie. Gosha suggests that he is fighting mainly because of his own personal advancement, not because of a loyalist goal. Can we perceive this as a representation of loyalists as a whole? (Do you care?) Several reviewers compared this film with Goiokino, which Gosha made in the same year. But, where "Goiokin" is cracking, tension, adventurous yarrow, with heroic sympathy, "Hippocrates" are trying, nowhere near is not so convincing and there is no such hero. Sakamoto could have been the hero of this film, but we are not allowed to know him - nor what he represents - good enough to achieve this status. Having in mind his wonderful results for the five previous Kurosawa Movies, the result of Masaru Satoa was very disappointing, sounding like something that was discarded from the episode "Bonanza". Barry Freed \ t
