That's it. This is it. This is the worst movie ever made. Ever. All the beatings. I've never seen it upstairs. Drag the trophy and give it to those people ... there is not just comparison. Even three days after watching this (for some reason I still do not know why) I can not believe how crazy it is this movie was. That's very bad. Far from everything that could be considered a film, a story, or anything that should have been created and entered into our existence. It made me wonder if people were really put on this country doing well. That's why I felt disgusted with myself and our progress as a species in this universe. This kind of film really hurts us as a society. We should be ashamed. I really can not emphasize that our global responsibility as people who live here and create art, that we must prevent the creation of these gross distortions of our reality for our benefit. That is shameful. I do not know how in the world one of these actors, writers, or directors of this film is sleeping at night knowing that they had a role in "learning". I do not know what kind of disgusting monsters enjoy watching such films. When it says this, I love a good "bad" movie. I love Shark Attack 3, I love Bad Taste, they are HILARIOUS. I tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad". But this ... this goes over the line "bad" into a whole new dimension. This is unpleasantly bad. This is bad where you know everything that will happen, every line, every action, every death, every sequence BEFORE they happen; and it's not just like a second or two before, I think, like, after watching the first 5 minutes before. Every raw "effect" of editing is shamefully used over and over again to the point of disgust. I really do not want to see the effect of a trembling "drug buzz" camera or jumping cuts or cuts or BILO FANCI CUT EVER AGEREN EVER. This is a bit boring, repetitive, and it just bothers the audience. But ....... and let me be specific here, the worst thing about this movie is that with regard to production, it seems that somewhat decent amount of money really put into this excrement. I will personally grab the shoulders of the director if I ever see him and shake him, asking him to run home and swallow two gallons of Drain-O or I will do it for him. If we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our prisoners of war abroad, just show them this film in a padded cell again. Believe me, I think they will become extravagant with suicide methods after 72 weeks through it. Stop with these movies, they are just the worst of all aspects of our society. Please. Stop. NOW.
