This "documentary" is proof that talent is used for evil purposes. The fact that it is funded by the Venezuelan government gives it a lack of legitimacy in order to search for the truth about what really happened on those terrible days in April 2002 in Venezuela, something that even Venezuelans are not sure. /> There are ways of lying, and the directors of these things lie with omission and knowledge. The Venezuelan political process is too complex for the foreign audience to easily understand it and they use it. For example, * POSSIBLE SPOILERS * they show demonstrators from Chavez shooting on an empty street (why did they do it?) In a way they say that they did not kill anyone but did not try to show the pictures that we all saw here, the opposition demonstrators (and journalists) who died or were injured on the other side of this "empty" street. I can not explain why the police police helicopter is the only one authorized to fly over Caracas and did nothing against the snipers who were on all the roofs of buildings near the presidential palace, which would indicate how ineffective the security measures would be to guard the president. A few days after the "coup", the chief of the military guard was questioned in the National Assembly (our Congress) why they did not act against the sniper, and he said "because they were not here to work against the President," is not that a confession? There is much more, the fact that the highest ranking army announced that Chavez resigned, and two days later he said he was lying because "that's politics" and today he is the interior minister of the Chavez administration. It would take thousands of words to explain all the lies shown in this "documentary", designed to sell the world to the image of a good old Uga Chavez who rules for the poor and poorly rich opposition who wants it for each price, when it is true that 60-70% of people reject his government, and that percentage includes the poor. > I hope those of you who saw this and buy could see the second version that is making a group of Venezuelan people showing no less than 30 lies. Nazi propaganda has returned!
