(48 out of 278 people consider this comment useful, and counting ...) People have such naivety for image and appearance - as for the intellectually hollow "idealism" lurking behind communism. Che's charisma and appearance have to do with his cult position, such as disinformation that is extended to left-wing propaganda (such as this film) about him. I do not know what's worse: be caught by one of Che's killer squads or have to sit for 4 hours in this typical Soderberg garbage. The question is not why this pet project was made, but what it took so long. By "them" I mean, of course, to the leftist Hollywood and to his "secret" love for the Marxist tyrants (Lenin, Castro ...). I'm thrilled with the fact that for decades, one of the smallest talented liberal directors from Tinseltown has finally taken over such an irresistibly biased propaganda project. Where's Oliver Stone all these years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Varren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand? It's a mystery. All these overestimated "artists" are often left with similar, politically unilateral projects, but somehow Che Guevara, who is undoubtedly the most popular and most famous communist, is still not their film theme. > <br /> "Guerrilla" has all the features of the American story of the true truth of the epic scale; there are so many factual details that can be found here as in other similar Hollywood political fairytale fairy tales such as "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", i.e. almost nothing. The film stars Del Toro as a famous Argentinian revolutionary. However, no matter how controversial and criminal actions of this man were, no one could take it away: he was an intelligent manipulator who came from a wealthy family - why Del Toro answers visually. Del Toro is perhaps an interesting, charismatic actor and can physically resemble Guevara, but he does not give out any intellectual properties, making Guevara too primitive. Casting such focal points as Bratt, Philips and Frank Incompetente only emphasizes the lack of sound judgment by the director. Even the director who was brilliant as Cubrik would carefully consider publishing a movie that goes beyond the triple-score, so it is quite clear that this Soderbergh, who made only one or two solid films and early in his career, thought that His Oceanic Grandness he was on the task. If you think the length of the film indicates that most of Che's life is shown here - then think again. Soderbergh focuses on Che's last stage, and a lot of the film is boring nonsense of the jungle, full of Gavarin's alleged idealism. (Psychopaths have no ideals.) I wonder what kind of mind this highly valued director must have to actually ignore some of Che's earlier lives. Did he consider it too unattractive? A massacre of 600 people does not interest the viewer, huh? Incredibly. Some of the much better directors of this exaggerated charlatan would easily fit into one, but in two complete biographies into a four-hour film. Soderbergh, in a sense, becomes an accomplice by never turning to a negative, Dark Side - which is more than 90% - Guevara. By spreading this historical inaccuracy, consciously ignoring the ugly truth (God forbid to revenge the sacred image of Che), Soderberg proves himself to be not a humanist - a false image that most Hollywood and pop music figures are struggling hard for all their careers - but on the contrary: yes it's only about ideas, never about the people on whom these ideas are tested (like guinea pigs). Soderbergh and similar are elites of the worst kind; Such people often have latent contempt for the "proletariat" (which is a stupid term) allegedly being saved. Half of all students around the world wear Chee's character on their red and orange t-shirts, but not knowing why. He became a legendary figure for uninformed, uninformed, very often young people who think that they have a face on this chest that makes them "nervous", intellectual, hip, or interesting. In reality, the wearing of Che's shirt only emphasizes the total superficiality and complete lack of interest in self-education. (Would not you like to know more about a person before starting to advertise your face to the world?) The Che's cliché's wear has now become commonplace as if you have Bart Simpson cup of coffee. All these "Che-vearers" probably know more about Marge's blue hair than they will ever read about dead ally Fidel Castro. After everything that was done in the name of Mark, one would have thought that these immortal "ideals" would finally be laid on rest. It seems that mankind will never learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Kastro, Milošević, Čaušesku, Iron Curtain, hundreds of millions of dead, more than a billion destroyed physically and / or mentally through this system ... so none of this is important, huh? The fact that Del Toro won the Cannes prize should surprise only those who are absolutely uninformed about how Cannes and other European festivals function - and vote. Tip: Sean Penn recently headed the jury. For my music, go to: http: //rateiourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
