The first part, Che in Cuba, is about that part of his life. It contains too many battles that can not be distinguished, and Che is serving too much uninformed wounded (remember that Che was a doctor). It ends when Castro wins the revolution; He never comes to Havana. The second part, Che in Bolivia, talks about it. It contains too many battles that can not be distinguished, and Che is serving too little for the wounded. When I realized that it was supposed to be "epic" (I never knew anything but the title before it started), I naturally thought of the biggest epic of them, Lavrence of Arabia David Lean. More about it later. Do not be racist, but apart from what I have already mentioned, the fact is that there are too many characters that are, well, no different - unknown Spanish actors who look alike, especially if they take into account that everyone wears it "Che" beards and all wear Che-figs. This leads to the viewer being unable to identify with anyone except Che, Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a very small role). While Del Toro is brilliant, think of "Lawrence" with Peter O'Toole as the only recognizable character: not Alec Guinness, not Omar Sharif, nor Anthony Quinn, etc. You got an idea. Because other characters are interchangeable, resulting in a loss of reference. When the top Cheers are killed, you do not feel any remorse because you do not know who they are. Even when Che was killed (I do not think it's a spoiler), there's no empathy from the audience - he's just killed. He is too one-dimensional to treat himself as a human being. In addition to being revolutionary and the only Jesus alone in moral integrity, the only thing we learn about Che is that he is married to five children (tells another character at the end). What was his motivation? A complete enigma. Maybe Soderbergh intentionally relieves Lean. Like Soderbergh's Che, Lean never allows us to know anything about Lavrence, the mysterious man of Arabia. But at least Lavrens had friends (Sharif) and associates (Guinness, Kuinn). He was brave as he was unsure - that is, he had human qualities. Che is like a machine, warm as Terminator. Earlier this year was another war epic, Mongol. Che makes Mongol look like this is a wonderful life.
