Now that Che (2008) has completed his relatively short Australian cinema (an extremely limited edition: 1 screen in Sydney, after 6 am), they can innocently join both hosts At The Movies to take Steven Soderbergh into task. > It's usually a pleasure to watch a film director change his style / theme, but Soderbergh's latest stink, The Girlfriend Experiment (2009), also missed the story, so the story (and editing?) suddenly became Soderbergh's main challenge. Strange, after 20 years in business. He was probably never very good at telling, he just hid it well in "nervous" projects. None of this justifies this present, almost devious mistake. As David Stratton warns, "two parts of Che do not make (even) a whole". Epic Biopic Only in the Name, Che (2008) barely qualifies as a feature film! Surely there is no leg, given that, in addition to its unusual ultimate resolution forced by history, Soderbergh's 4.5-hour dirge simply does not go anywhere. Even Margaret Pomeranz, is more a forgiving of Australia in the duo films, he remarked that Soderbergh repeats (HD digital storage): "you are in the woods ... you are in the woods ... you are in the woods ...". And I am surprised that Soderbergh did not give us another 2.5 hours, somewhere between the two existing parts, because he still omitted the massive pieces of Che's "revolutionary" life! For the biography of an important, but notorious, historical personality, Soderbergh discourages, if not intentionally insulting, his audience 1. He never provides the majority of Che's stories; 2. Imposing the unreasonable length of the films with full repetition; 3. Ignoring the true insight and narration of events; 4. barely develop an idea or character; 5. Remaining claustrophobic episodes; 6. Ignoring the appropriate context for the scenes - all we get is locked in changing time changes; 7. linguistically dislocate all audiences (even Spanish speakers will be confused by inconsistent English language exhibitions); and 8. Unreasonably beat your main item into one dimension. Why, at this late stage? T-shirt franchise was successful! Our sense of claustrophobia is certainly the result of Peter Buchman and Benjamin VanDer Veen based their scenario only on Guevin's memoirs. So, as a poor student who has read only ONE of his assigned texts for his assignment, Soderbergh's product is very limited in perspective. The audience is held in captivity within the same limited knowledge, landscape and circumstances of "revolutionaries", but this does not cause our sympathy. Instead, he dreams that "Ah, Soderbergh is trying to sneak his audience the same as the Latino peasants at the time." But these are the same illiterate Latin villagers who sold out a good doctor to their enemies. Why does Soderbergh feel the need to equate us with them and keep us equally mentally captured? Such an audience must have a purpose. Part 2 is chronologically from Part1, but is literally dead by its recurring cramps, the grief of vision and the lack of diverse or characteristic arches. DelTorov Che has no chance to grow as a person as he struggles to educate his badly disciplined troops. The only humor is the abandonment, because Che deals with his sometimes deep-seated "revolutionaries", some of whom have no self-control over local peasants or food. Certainly we do not get an insight into what caused the conditions, nor any strategic analysis of their guerrilla rebels, as it was. Painful countdown Part2 remains terribly episodic: again, nothing is telegraphic or contextualized. So even scenes with Fidel Castro (Demian Bichir) are unexpected and disturbing. All selected events were presented in a minimal and latino-centric manner, while Part1 interviews were replaced with meetings between corrupt President of Bolivia (Joakuim de Almeida) and US government officials promising CIA intervention (!). The rest of the "woods" part2 and the blue filter for the day after night simply exasperate the audience until they look at the exits. Maybe DelToro felt the excessive frustration of many non-Latin Latinoamericans that he would never get the true, unfulfilled history of Che's tales in their countries. When foreign governments will still not give free press to their people - for whatever reason - then one can see how a popular American indie producer could go on not so well read ("maybe I will not be able to read or write, but I am NOT illiterate! "- see Chief Inspector (1949) in their local cinemas. The apparent neglect of the film and the harsh oversimplification suggest very strong that the goal is the only understanding of the less informed people who speak English, and if they did, they would already read the theses on this subject and criticized r Elegant social issues among themselves - they would teach lessons from history as they should. Such knowledge is exactly what societies still need - and not just the remaining illiterate Latinos of Central and South America - it is still what Che (2008) cheerfully fails to deliver. Soderbergh buries his trail because it is weak in narration. I was wondering why Benicio DelToro deliberately chose Soderbergh for this project if he knew about it. It's been 44 years, the nook in relation to Guevara was very desirable: that's what I went to watch this movie, but the director takes it away boldly. David Stratton, writing in The Australian (03-Oct-2009) noted that while Part1 was "uneven," Part2 actually "goes abruptly downhill" out of there, "drawing Che's final campaign in Bolivia in painful detail, "which" ... seems almost unbearably slow and tense ". Che: Guerilla aka Part2 is certainly not a travelogue for Bolivia, painting a picture of misery and atavism. The whole other half was bought only by the above humor, and dramatically - and yet tragically - the recording and executions of the film. The rest of this infinite cinema you believe is just a confusing, irritating misery. - shockingly, for Soderbergh's film, which should be avoided at all costs. She is obliged to break the hearts of all who know even a little about the subject.
