I watched a video for the legendary Joe Bob Briggs "We're Weird". I've seen many stinkers, but this is by far the worst, and for years they were not kind - it's still the most oppressive crime against the movie I've ever seen. Do not misunderstand me - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, for example, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or HARLEM GUI or something similar. What fortifies my claim as the worst film of all time for me is its unique blend of learning disabilities with disdainful pretensions. Is this a comment in Vietnam? Environmental protest? Stimulating racial uprisings? Studying the inhumanity of man towards man? A new exercise in taking a natural background to (almost) the length of character? In short: hep, a young urban professional (probably the most notorious figure ever) somehow misleads an Asian-American associate into camping in the forest with him. After defeating quasi-philosophical applause for more than an hour, they encountered two wandering veterans, an unforgettable Jarvis (a righteous brother) and Troubadour (the rejection of Manson's family). Hey, plot! Tension! Procedure! Uncertainty! Well, no, it's just a superb scene that got locked-in-made wire-haired-and-lightly-disguised. The victim concerned is reluctantly looking at those who captured and murmur: "No ... no ... please ... do not ..." In the meantime, Jarvis turned to Troubadour as "Troubaddy" once in two minutes, citing the mind. nothing else but an extraterrestrial star UNDER THE WRITER Juan Picero. That's all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis may seem to be almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained, for the past eight years since I first saw it, it's absolutely the worst. (I put it in an old VCR once every two years, or just to be convinced, and I'm sure it's safe.) I think the element that CAGED TERROR looks like so much hate is this: very little happens, and even though that little bit does happen pretty bad and pretty slow, what really makes a compulsively ineffective, mischievous feeling is that the filmmakers really, really want to send you a message in the throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was supposed to be a lesson on citizenship is becoming an accelerated course in intense adverse viewing. This film lasts 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. It's terrible, really awful. People, believe me, I've seen SPIRITS that have been gone, and this is worse. Go see! You will thank me. And the curse. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TEROROR, but maybe ever) "Yes, well, you probably think that Solomon's song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a ton of agreed arrangement.)
