Please ask me if you like, for a moment while I read the back of the ALLEI CAT VHS box. Says that: In this part of the city, every street is a dead spot - at every corner something you can buy - in each street another way to die - in order to survive you have to be the best - just like Allei Chat. Allei Cat - this lady owns the night. In the streets where even predators become victims, she knows how to survive. Baptize her and run out of luck. Allei Cat - This animal is excited. Now that's not one of the most pathetic blurbs that you've ever heard in your life? Whoever wrote it must be crazy if he thinks that such a horrible description could try to watch us. However, unfortunately, regardless of who the person without a person was responsible for this tragic use of English, this job was doing too well. A film in a small plastic case is bad as it sounds, and then something. Karin Mani plays the title role, and her screenplay at any moment speaks in every given scene: a) Puts like a goldfish b) Kick a little butt or c) Shows her female 'attributes'. There are no complaints about this other, but in relation to the other two, let's just say that she is not a lot of actresses, and she is less convinced as a martial arts expert. But even Meril Streep with the body Cinthie Rothrock (which is a scary thought) will not be able to save this film. The development of the plot is boring and unbelievable, because after a sufficiently unsuccessfully directed combat sequence, we stop only on hysterical court maneuvers and the occasional love scene that is causing delusions with the interesting name Robert Torti. Working with the camera also follows a similar path of shame, with too many unnecessary close-ups and mistakes in continuity. The part that I think is collecting this scum-bucket film is our heroine is sexually abused and is placed before the testimony of a corrupted judge while her rapist from a wealthy child lies on her from the box. Not only is he released, regardless of the enormous evidence against him, but she is also sentenced for herself because she dared to protest the verdict that lies ahead of her honor. Behind the bars, she has a group shower, a lesbian sympathy, a couple of cats-fighting and beautiful, sweating a volleyball game before being released on bail to continue her battle. This ten-minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the film, and the script stops to cover it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a little more T & A to mik, and they came to this unnecessary division as a means to achieve that goal. What kind of praying question is this is a exploitation movie, or a serious drama? Nor is this my answer to that .. is not enough lazy or camping enough to address the fans of cinema in the style of Trom, and that certainly does not make a rating as a study of the struggle of a woman against the system .. just because it is so terribly made. So who would want to see it? Luds, I guess .. or IMDb reviewers who stay until 3 pm and watch any old garbage on the box while trying to sleep. Unfortunately, I did not succeed in this occasional event, and horror will remain with me for some time. Do not make the same mistake as me. Get warm milk, or something like that. 1/10
