I see a lot of positive reviews on this board, trying to revive this film from its poor status and start with cult follow-up. I see the usual ranking - "I suppose this movie is simply not easily offended," "This film is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I laughed at that movie! There is a way to make a rough, distasteful comedy and deliver laughter; and there's a way ... to be just rude and uncomfortable. "Whip" is trying to be "swingers" without wit or intelligence. It looks like it was written through the childish eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie should be white collarbone, upright citizens - and they speak as some of the idiots I knew on the first year of high school! Dialogue is coated - more as drowned - with four letters. You would think that people of their status would have some degree of intelligence - and spread vocabulary. Just watch Wit Stillman's movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and really cartooned. If you know a successful businessman who talks as characters in this movie - please let me know and meet with them. Their boring sexual joke is equivalent to that standard chickenship between teenagers who are just coming to puberty. There is absolutely NO insights into relationships, sex or ... nothing !!! It's just a bad excuse for exposing the string extreme - and do not take the word "extreme" hello for almost, because that's what I mean with all my heart - rough edges. These are jokes without any substance. Gags that were more important for groaning than for laughter. The scene between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally uninformed and completely inconvenient. There are some movies that involve interaction among women who have written (flat) men and play beautifully. This scene includes a bar of sexual metaphors and gestures. This includes a type of dialogue that you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes that they noticed. I did not believe it for a moment. The "Whip" is a purely sick male fantasy that is straight and boring. I got (very) a little laugh from this extremely forgetful comedy, and that's probably the result of despair. When you do not laugh long, in those trivial things desperately seek humor. I would not label it as positive.
