I was glad to see Amanda Peet in another good role after I recently hired "The Vhole Nine Iards" - easy to rent, by the way - but that was not it. I remembered that the trailer for "Vhipped" was a bit ridiculous and that the plot of three overseked New Yorkers had failed twenty-five times and manipulated by the charming Ms. Peet is worth trying. So, one day, I convinced two friends to come and see this movie with me. This review is my penance. In the first act we had three lead heads, apologizing for their conquest in the restaurant. What should have been ridiculous, or at least to say, is quite pathetic. Was there any quality for the three men and their encounters we needed to get out of this? [While I do not bother movies that are cheerful vulgar, I've always wondered why no one in the restaurant turned around when the pins loudly talked about sex and catalog details. They do it every week in the same evening? You think someone would complain. Oh, wait, I forgot: two more restaurants are seen in one scene. But this is just a punchline setting. All others in the restaurant are deaf.] The second act has all three nails that fall on the Mia, and then develop a brain tumor, not asking each other or her about what actually happens between the four of them. . And I kept wondering how the pins act as if they were, what kind of quality of redemption does they see in them to stick with them for more than one date? Does it start with brainwashing? I still hoped that Eric's character, a married friend, would become something more than a hard-hitting bag to hit in this act. His role is clear that he gives advice on marriage. But why are they even trying to talk to him when they do not want to talk? And his advice? You are! The third act solves what exists, but I've already looked at my watch. My friends told me they were still waiting for something really funny to happen and I had to agree. The scene that explains everything was adequate and managed to explain all the questions and mysterious bits of dialogue through the film, but we only checked them out of the list. ("Oh, okay, that's why Brad did it and Jonathan says this and ...") What we did was a stupid complication than anything entertaining. Even withdrawals during the loan were not so funny. In the end, I was left with nothing but the desire to warn people to get out of this movie. Rating: 3
