It is unlikely that anyone other than those who love silent films will appreciate any of the lyrical cameras and the busy (but stark) background results that accompany this 1933 edition. Although the sound came to general use in 1928, there are no more than fifty words to speak of a story about a woman who is unhappy married, who leaves her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the forest. The most picturesque scene has a jealous husband riding a young man riding a city, moving normally until he realizes that the man is the lover of his wife. In jealous jealousy, he was driving at the fastest speed towards the railway crossing, but changed his mind at the last moment, losing his nerves. This is probably the most challenging scene in an otherwise extremely slow and obviously fictional story. beauticians have not yet been enriched as they were when they were transported to Hollivood. Her performance consists mainly of looking sad and gloomy while mourning the loss of a marriage with only a brief insight into the smile when she finds her true love (ARIBERT MOG), a handsome young stallion that pulls her clothes after a swimmer's swim. > The swim scene is very short, discreetly photographed and does not value all the heat it has obviously generated. The love scene, later, is also skillfully photographed with the kind of lyric photography that is visible during most of the film - skillfully. The more imagination is left with the use of symbolism - and that's what others say is a film some sort of lyrical masterpiece. It's not like that. It's disappointing, primitively rude in its sound parts (including hard symphonic music in the background) and certainly Miss Lamarr is happy that Louis B. Maier saw the movie and based her on her Hollywood career. He must have seen something in his business that I was not. It is obvious that this is conceived as a silent movie camera that does all the work. The strange "radical" scene in the ending takes too long and represents an upsetting decline where no one is needed. He can not finish the movie on the appropriate note.
