Although it is early to say that the series will develop, I can say that the pilot was smaller than I thought it would be. However, there is a potential for the series. Of course, when I first saw Voiager, I thought that he had the potential - but he was very disappointed. My stomach tells me that Enterprise will not be as bad as Voiager. As for the pilots' impressions ... The pilot had some good ideas and good Themes. I loved the introduction. The start of the show was interesting, with the advancement of research and a suitable thematic song. Scott Bakula is excellent in the role of captain. Where I missed it, to a large extent, there was no "feeling" of going to a great adventure in the story. The action of the episode itself was more a "generic" story of Trek, with topics of "research" and "first step toward space", just subplot and subtext. To edit references to the fact that this is the first mission in deep space, it would be difficult to distinguish the plot between Enterprise, TOS, or LPG. The central store did not reflect or justify the big topic of the series. The launch of the first mission would be big enough without the "action". Instead of isolated references to the novelty of the research, they could have been a story. Become a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it (oh, for a TV show that would make us REVIEW again). Make you feel the excitement of the "wind" and be on the "sea" instead of deterring us from saving and abundant robbery. There were many pistols. We had the feeling that people are "brussels" in the established school. New children in the block, as opposed to getting into a largely unknown universe. Unfortunately, the Klingons landed on our doorstep, instead of finding them. This meeting could have been far more historical and much more sociological. How are two different societies interacting? Do not just hint, SHOV it! I had to think about it more like "Trek with aqua-crew and limited technology", unlike "the first brave steps to the unknown." I wanted to see something new and fresh. The series promises to have a new concept, but until now I have not seen this new, excellent concept. I will finish repeating the feeling that the series has the potential. There are some interesting characters. Bakula is wonderful. Blalock has the potential. The overall theme is most interesting since we first saw Kirk in the world before Apollo 11. If only future episodes can justify this great and wonderful theme, we will have a show that will create new legends. Bring an arrow to the air ... Happy Captain Archer. Manufacturers: MAKE MORE RISK AND INVEST NAS * THINK! :-)
