Since I'm a student of music, I thought that a movie that was going on in the conservatory could be fun to watch. I knew little ... (I had no idea that this film is based on the Britney Spears book). Obviously, whoever wrote the script never went to the conservatory and does not know anything about classical music. Allow me to give you only a few examples: 1) There is no way anyone would have been admitted to the classical conservatory without any classical training! Just having a nice voice pop is not enough, besides, it's quite another thing - another genre, a different technique. It's like playing a violin when applying for a Viola class. 2) How was the lady teaching the theory of music been in the singer's jury? If she was not a singing professor, she would have no right to say in such a situation, and that she was a professor of singing, why did not she tell us that? 3) Being able to read music is necessary if you want to do music. 4) How did Angela come to this video tape? It would be kept secret only for the eyes of the jury. Now she has either received a tape from one of the professors or script writers simply had no idea. I wonder who ... 5) The singing professor gave Holly the song Carmen saying that she had "a range", which she obviously did not. Yes, she managed to make notes, but Carmen was a mezzosopran, while Holly's voice was much brighter in color, it was not at all compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: not only does the film show a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but also does not try to hide it. Aria sung by Angela is dismantled by the unrecognized, which is a fact that is painfully obvious on the recital, where it is shamefully interrupted - Mozart would have rolled over in the grave. Habanera of Carmen sometimes sounds a bit strange, and the way she was rearranged in the end only shows how few producers really think about classical music - it's stiff and bored, but add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know that these are all small details, but it would be so easy to avoid them with a little research. In any case, I may have decided to suspend the disbelief that the characters and the action are well elaborated. But without that, in this movie I really can not find some of the features that can be used, except one: it's good for laughter.
