Here we are: two passengers from a distant futuristic world arrive on the ground ... one is in a desperate mission to preserve life, the other is an inhumane killing machine that is determined to eliminate a woman who will give birth to a lifeguard of the whole race. So what could we call this killing machine? Almost as if it were some type of destroyer, or eradicator ... similar to an exterminator or something like that. What is the word I'm looking for ... something that ends - things? Hmmmm .... In any case, the protector (who quickly removes the white tunic he stole from Luke Skivalker in favor of local clothing) first finds a young woman and impregnates her with a future hero. Zli uhhhh ... "exterminator" kills some peasants and steals their weapons and clothes, and then tries to find a woman by visiting her workplace and asking around by threatening to look into the eyes of people and threatening to repeat her name. Then the desperate race for survival begins, because the seemingly immortal and unstoppable "exterminator" persecutes a couple across the village. At some point he can get boots and a motorcycle, but I'm not sure. Perhaps, in an exciting finale, you will try to crush them under the wheels of a huge tank full of wheels. .. acid. Then the truck will collapse. They will be saved ... but no! Then it will reappear, strong as always. He will kill the protector and persecute the girl to a meat packing factory, where he is pushed into a large piece of industrial grinding machine in a terrible ending and destroyed once for all. But perhaps I extrapolated too much ... after all, I stopped watching this movie after Mr. Protector magically impeded Sean Young by kissing her at the bar, and then told her that the baby would be born in 3 days. Costumes and effects are great in this movie ... I liked them the first time I saw them on Star Trek: Nekt Generation! Sean Ioung is doing another great shift as an irreparable replicant, and his career as a career dive Stephen Baldwin is also involved as Ioung's Fat Cop Boifriend. I'm not sure where he fits into the plot, maybe ... maybe he's important in James Cameron's second film?
