Unlike others, I refuse to call this poor excuse for film a triumph of style in relation to the essence (I do not want to give a style to a bad name). However, this is the most appropriate description that comes to your mind. Senseless, unpleasant and ultimately meaningless attack on the eyes and ears, "Wonderland" leaves wondering only why the film was made in the first place. and who, in their healthy mind, gave the green light this gloomy and complicated disorder. Biography of porn star John Holmes? A study of who this man is, why he got into the job and how it affected him? Great. Tying to be tempting, it's bound to be fun. Tied to be enlightening and fascinating at about a million levels (and I have no interest in pornography). But the confusing, violent, Rashomon's study of the Holmes kill series was related to her career ended? Who cares in hell? What insights do we get? This film completely ignores the most interesting aspect of John Holmes' life - that he was a porn star! "Wonderful Earth" may have been for somebody: the fact that the main character is the most famous male adult movie star in history is almost irrelevant. To make things thousands of times higher, the image is filled with jerkoff tricks - boring editing machine guns, messy Dogme-95 cameras, unnecessary shared graphics and animation, etc. In the absence of a convincing story and a unique protagonist, the director (and I use the term looseli) threw together a dozen techniques from other films and decided to name the resulting disorder film, among them: a trendy, day-long tour "Narc" or "Traffic" or "Minority Report"; angry, often incomprehensible, the style of cutting movies in the movie "Natural Born Killers" or "28 Dais Later"; Fill every moment with the silence-with-an old-song-to-e-soundtrack "Goodfellas" or "Blov;" Grooves, the retro titled "Velvet Goldmine" or "Autofocus" or "Catch me if you can." The list continues and continues. Pathetic. I wanted to love this movie. I had real hopes for it. "Miracle Avenue" has been present for years; Whether the context of the murders is emphasized, and not the murder itself, I think it could have succeeded. If the killings (and Holmes's increasing involvement in the fake species of L.A.) signaled the end of their career, or the end of the Swingers' 70s, I think the film could have meaning; it could serve the purpose. As it is - meaningless. Nonsense. Who cares how many perspectives exist in a series of murders that are largely unknown to the public? The case is not sufficiently known to deserve such a painstaking examination. This film was supposed to be the third act "The Tales of John Holmes". That's it. Period. And it could have succeeded. What is this? Oh, yes, yes, they did not want to tell a traditional story of rising and falling. They did not want to make "Boogie Nights" or "Goodfellas" or "Star 80" or "Autofocus". They wanted their film to be different. Okay? Well, in one sense, they succeeded. There is a big difference between these films and "Wonderland". The difference is that these movies are good. <br /> <br />
