I was excited when I heard that they finally made this horrible event in the movie. The whole era (southern California of the 1980s) and the subject (drug and porn industry) is intriguing to me. I thought this would be a sure fire. I was not thrilled with the selection of Kilmer as Holmes, they are not similar to physical appearance or manner. I guess it sells tickets? However, I was willing to overlook this and give him a fair chance. I was a little shocked that only four people in the first theater of that day were with me. Now the whole crime and story in the movie is difficult to make, I will admit it. There were no witnesses of this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and was concerned about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime went unresolved. So this was still a big mystery, a mystery that this movie does not do anything to get up. The person writing the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real story, it's a fragmented clapper. The script is light and the actors are trying to over-thin the thin lines of paper. The film does not provide insight into Holmes or other involved people. Kilmer's character disappears for a long time, his girlfriend is boring, the police are jokes. Even Kudrov is trying to make the low role seem significant. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn him into a love story. What's nice, unless you know anything about the garbage that John Holmes really was. Maybe some of the reviews of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" could help here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in every way. On the other hand, this film was flat and without real charm or style. Even music is not in place, because Duran Duran is playing on the stage that was supposed to happen in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? It could have been an excellent movie based on this terrible event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen any decent yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
