Takashi Shimizu had a great chance with remake of his original film Ju-on the Grudge. Even though I did not see this movie, I would have to bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some original originality, in other words, skills with the famous tropes of the Japanese ghost film) than in his own remake. Perhaps the script is written that it somehow has some sort of distorted appeal, or I would assume availability, for the American audience. What starts with some potential - a hint of something very fucked up that happens with the rapid movement of Bill Pullman - just goes into total confusion. And as a horror movie? Make a break. <Br /> <br /> The tension could be built on the situation - a nurse will take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted - but it undermines everything wants his audience to feel. Scares? How about some music that's just timed to know when you expected something exactly. Black cat? Yes, why not just the thing with the spirits of a boy sounds like a cat for grit, which, in fact, is just creepy if you want cats. Plot? Why not just move past and present without any semblance of a real flow in order to tell a story (that is, while flashbacks inserted and that are organic to the overall story, they did not), or for that matter we care about anyone else in the cast. When characters, or those who are there for exhibit, transplant to tell us what is happening or what else, it makes little sense to worry. Shooting movies is poor (ie. Rule 180 degrees is interrupted many times, but not at the farewell or intriguing way), and the performances are wooden even when they are frightened or shocked (especially Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, which appears later after his first scene, this is very wrong). Even when Shimizu tries to scare some of the average old "Boo", as when a woman is in a building and who fights the spirit of ghosts, she is still stupid. Just watch it go to that elevator and the ghost is in the background shooting. Or you will go with her, and if you have more power, or you will hysterically laugh at the results. I'm not entirely sure where this project is going wrong - whether Shimizu had to be processed for the study, or that does not provide enough space for the restoration of vision? Or maybe Raimi said something in her and made things confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. Grudge gives us a lot of information that makes no sense or at least gives us some horrible chewing gum. It's a grassy grass of a sad order.
