I hate to throw out such lines, but in this case I feel I have to: American remake THE GRUDGE is by far the worst movie I've seen in theaters in the past 5 years. There, I said. And now that I took it out of my system, can I explain why. When someone dies in the midst of a fierce anger, a curse is born. Those who meet him will be ruined by his anger. "This is the premise of GRUDGE and I admit that this sounds intriguing. Unfortunately, filmmakers do not take it anymore. Those who face the "damnation" are really destroyed by his anger, and that's all you get. You want more? Well, too bad. Some critics and fans point out that the only purpose of GRUDGE is to scare you. The problem is that when there is no complication to talk, creepy images and sounds can only go so far. Director Takashi Shimizu, pulling George Sluizer and redefining his original films, bravely tries to build an atmosphere in the first hour ?? repeating the same scene over and over again and again and again. It happens pretty much like this: - The person enters the house - Something flickers with the camera and / or a strange sound is heard. <Br /> <br /> <br / - The sound begins to get stronger - The person sees the spirit - Loud screaming and / or fencing /> - Cut to black <br /> /> Before the audience is given even a talk, this same scenario takes place 5 times in the first hour. For the first time, it was a bit creepy. Every subsequent use became funny as the film continued. By the end of the film, my friend and I laughed wondering if this scene would end up with "a loud scream and a black-out cut". We never showed ourselves to be wrong. The film does not have a story about liners, but it takes place in a series of vignettes that leave the crowd confused. I have no problem with non-linear storytelling when that's right. The film jumps from the time period in time without rhyme or reason. I did not see a movie in that state since opening the theater version of HIGHLANDER 2. And this technique of telling a lot of mystery that a movie could have. If you already know that ghosts have scared two characters to death, how shocking is when their bodies are in the attic? And why should we care when the detective tries to investigate mysterious disappearances when we already know what happened to everyone? is nothing but calculated imitation hidden as a real movie. The most terrible things about GRUDGE were that he earned $ 40 million in the first weekend, and some consider him to be "the most terrible film ever made." I wonder what is happening to those who are swallowed by the anger of paying to see GRUDU?
