There are many people in this movie who look extremely good. That's probably the best thing about it. It may even be worth watching. "Loaded" tells the story of Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe), a young man preparing to mark his world. He is the son of a well-off family with a good reputation, and he is on his way to a law school. But, like so many of these settings, things are not as perfect as they appear. Expectations in this family far outnumber love. Except in school, Tristan's father rarely allows him to leave the house. It seems to be the result of a past traumatic event that has shaken the family, which is partly revealed through flashbacks, but it does not lead to the end. Tristan's claustrophobic environment leads to being left in extremely extreme ways when his first friends get him into a strip club to celebrate his degree. The celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach party party, and from there, Tristan gets acquainted with Sebastian Cole (Corei Large), who drags him into the underground world dealing with drugs. While technically well-made, this film suffers from a bad scenario and a story that is not very interesting. Also counting on this film are some constant camera tricks that generally seem boring and out of place, such as slow motion, fast motion, frozen frames, and echos. These are the types of effects the director can use to show the perspective of a character while on drugs, except in this case, they appear to be sporadically thrown at random points, in some cheap attempt in style. Despite the relative unknowns, the performances were good everywhere, especially in relation to the main antagonist (Corei Large). I assume that in the future we will see at least several of these people in bigger and better projects. Naturally, when I mention the actors, I have to mention their appearance. The heat-based assessment, these movies become 11. The women in this movie are incredible looks and almost distract you from the boring movie you are watching. I'm sure male characters are also pretty attractive, but you'll have to ask somebody else to comment on it. All in all, I can not recommend this movie, not for shopping, renting, or even for free. Unfortunately, it's not worth the effort to get through.
