The viewers who spread everything, including the order of the title (now this is ridiculous), would make us believe that this is some sort of film miracle, but, believe me, this is one of the most shameful bad films you can ever see, and if you're not To laugh at him for five minutes, I would say that you have lost your sense of humor. David Niven plays the damned and praised RAF pilot who somehow thinks it's appropriate to embark on an impressive (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, just as he casts his own and fire death. (Is it not romantic ...) Of course, he was spared by metaphysical chances, and washed on the beach, just as this same air traffic controller rides on his bicycle. (They fit right away). Seeing next to the bizarre homo-erotic subtrees, (so that you really need to call them superteksts above them, from the naked boy sitting naked in the sand theme about a movie in his little flute, to the heavenly courier, so that his makeup is more thorough than the ladies'), the most striking aspect of the film is how badly caricatures of national and racial stereotypes are engulfed in a complicated attempt to argue some sort of point about the universal nature and power of love. We get - let boys like girls in skirts and heels, and girls return them, and, obviously, all you have to do is cry a little to be noble enough for your movie to get a 10 star on IMDb. <Br / > <br /> As for production quality, continuity / assembly is bad enough to cause shake, and the lighting may be even worse than that, but you hardly have time to notice it because the script is so bad. There are games that play with Technicolor, (all that goes for the sky is black and white if you can understand the meaning of it), and hint (so ridiculous, my colleague from the audience who usually loves such films actually cheers and laughs then the engine finally ended up in a fiery wreck), and frozen-movement, (which is the funniest of all because the female lead is so badly able to stand, you know that the hands in the theater have turned off the camera). The best recordings are early on the beach, but after that everything is downhill. The staircase (movement as a moving step is moving) hardly Odessa steps, at the very least, and I would really warn everybody that it feels like they will have to see this lousy attempt to film movies on their account. The whole movie is bad enough to be ridiculous and that's the best I can say for it.
