From time to time, a group of friends, with a minimum budget, but the bags of enthusiasm and talent, will create a masterpiece of a low budget that takes the world of horror from the storm. Raimi and co. he did it with The Evil Dead, Jackson and Pals managed with Bad Taste; and Mirick and Sanchez made a mute with The Blair Vitch Project. Director Todd Sheets and his friends, however, are foreordained to remain in the relative vagueness forever if Zombie Bloodbath is something to pass. A lesson on how to avoid cheap scares, this miserable effort (about the plague of eating zombies) serves as a reminder that, although many people have access to video cameras these days, most do not need to take it as a sign that they are trying to make a feature film . It is not that the leaves have no eye for a nice framed shot (some of its camera angles and movements are actually pretty), but before a) has a bad binary, b) has a bad role, and c) does not realize she has a bad script and she plays. Which means that the final movie is amateur in extreme terms, and it is unlikely that it will be viewed entirely by anyone other than the zombie filmmakers (like me) or members of the acting team (like those who gave positive comments to the film). Zombie Bloodbath is obviously focused on non-discriminatory mountain-hounds, and Sheetsi (who currently have an incredible 34 titles under his belt as a director) certainly go on the road, with buns of insides and blood is thrown at every opportunity. But while these moments are undoubtedly cruel, they are not particularly convincing and soon become rather tedious. So, to sum up, this is a really bad movie, with almost no redeemable features. Except for two: First, there is the biggest chip in the history of the film, as was worn by Jerry Angell, who plays Larry (as well as several zombies). The magnificence of his barnet (combined with attractive mustaches) is just the reason for watching this movie. Second, he has "pathetic zombies in invisibility": corpses that eat meat and wait for unhappy victims wander before jumping out of their hiding place to trigger a weak attack, which does not require almost any effort to escaped. The best known for being lurking behind the door, for hours waiting for someone to open it, 'pathetic zombies in the hiding place' occasionally hide behind the low walls, or sit in churches that represent themselves as members of the community. Usually the film this bad will get 1/10 for me, but, at the celebration of Jerry Angell's current locks, I will generously raise my rating to 2/10.
