Well, what are the odds! At the right moment, when several rare Amateur scientists discovered cave paintings that indicate that some kind of dinosaur monster could settle the area a thousand years ago, a meteor collapsed down into the lake and spontaneously pushed the monster lying there? For over a thousand years, I guess! "The Monster of the Krater Lake" is a movie that literally must be seen to be believed, but you'd better do it in the company of many friends and crowds to make it healthier easier to digest. Yes, this is a horrible movie with the utterly modest scenario that can be imagined and numerous irrelevant linings that are really embarrassing, but irresistibly charming and so clumsily assembled that you simply need to nurture some kind of tendency toward it. Half the movie? at least ?? it revolves around the wacky adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local owners own and run a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days throwing their noses and arguing about fascinating things like spinning the word "bait". In the course of the prototype situation Laurel & Hardi, new puddles of blood or shaved heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, a heroic, but not very sharp sheriff, is on the case, but only if he is not too busy hunting big city squadrons traveling through the area. Halfway through the film, suddenly a scene about a robber who is robbing a beverage shop suddenly kills two people in the process. It seems that this VTF tutorial takes the complete other side of the country, as in New York or something like that, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events that take place on Lake Crater. Twenty minutes later, the robber appears again in Hicksville and there is "exciting" chase through the forest, ending in Din's hungry snout. Absurd details in the movie "The Monster of the Krater Lake" are too numerous to be mentioned! For example, this is probably the only feature of a creature in which players discover a mandatory gigantic impression after they have already spotted a real monster. The nonsense in continuity should be legendary as far as I'm concerned. It's like they've all forgotten to pay attention to that. The night turns to dusk in the day and returns to the twilight? all during one and the same day! The monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the film, especially because it is achieved by good old and beautiful stopping effects. Sweet critic is Plesiosaur; which means a watery dinosaur that looks like a cross between Denver and Dinosaurs and alligators. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie experience that I can only encourage to follow! Poor 1 out of 10 ratings is just out of principle (and because it's basically a very bad movie) should be put into perspective, because I could give 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment.
