**** Do not read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of the "Monster of the Krater Lake" to be a complete surprise **** Plasiosa plesiosaura rises from the depths of the Crater Lake to a hole in the group of local Rednecks, not to mention Fast forward button. To call the "Monster of the Crater Lake" amateur means to overdo it obviously. If you're not a fan of low-budget drive-in movies, you probably would not even be looking for it here. The problem with the film is that when monstrous action does not happen, it's really shit and it's not going anywhere. The scenario is very Ed Vood-ish, in that it is completely invented in the way it sets the main action sequences. Nothing is too strange for the "Monster of the Krater Lake". He explains the dinosaurs by the fall of the meteor in Lake Crater, 'overheating' water to the point where the egg of dinosaurs is incubated, which is obviously resting at the bottom of the lake for millennia. Even if we could accept that the egg could have been lying there for so long and that it remained uncovered and viable, would not the "overheating" of water to such a high temperature cause most lakes to evaporate? Apart from some token fog in one or two scenes, we can not see evidence that the water is hot, except for several rows in the script. The script is pretty obvious in several sequences, and it will do everything to make the characters approach the lake, so they can be compromised by the claimation dina. Couple who just goes through car trouble is experiencing trouble and while their car is serviced, they decide to rent a boat and head towards Crater Lake. Hmmmm ... Do you think these strangers in the story could be there to encounter our monstrosity? In a series that is simply bizarre, a drunkard takes away a beverage store and decides to kill a cashier and an observer instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of beverage. There followed the pursuit of the car, and would you not know ... they ended up by the lake. Time for snakes for Cratei! Yes, it is not difficult to understand, and you are so far ahead of the scenarios that you are irritated when it takes ten minutes to develop these scenes. The blatantness of all this is pleasing to me, and I really want to love the "Monster Lake Crater". I just can not. There is not enough here to continue, and this is more a movie that needs to be put on the party, because you can talk over it and it will not matter. The film has a slim list of things that matter to him, the most important of which is the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a large model head that is wooden dragged through the water, and a fully realized claiming insert that actually looks pretty good . There are a couple of lovely peasants and they carry most of the intentional humor in the film. The falling end, it leaves us to complain about the death and the monsters and one of our beloved villagers, so every good thing about this film is dead to the end. Why was I so affected by this conclusion? Was it a sad song that was played at the final awards? Or did I just cry inside for the time I was wasting watching such films?
