Well, maybe I'm only worried about Hindi movies lately. I asked a video store for Apharan (Prakash Jha), but as a new release, it was not yet available. I had to make myself happy with this. It turned out to be the dumbest movie in Hindi I saw (and I've seen enough). No wonder Bvllivood is keen for the whole world! If IMDb had a negative rating, I would give Garam Masali -10. I recall that I saw a TV show about the jazz premiere they had for its release in Mumbai. All the usual celebrities and their sides appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piiadarashan. I did not like Hulchul, Hungama or his other films. Hulchul, probably named by Tamil or Telugu, came across at a very loud, hearty dish that again made no sense except in the Bollywood film. This latest piece of CKSKSP has proven that this guy has NO NIGHT. Who made him a director, even director of Bollivood? Anyway, for the movie now. What starts out as a romantic escapade turns into a non-sensual hunt for women. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share a flat (is not it similar to No Entri where two guys are working for a magazine about the gossip and share the office? Jesse Christ, now copy their stories!) Yet, there is a cook or cook who is trying to help one of the additions to his quest for multilateral love (so-called multi-tasking + multi-timing). What happened at the end, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a ridiculous garbage. I can not believe they even let him go. And how sadific they are to roll in their filth! For which audience did they do - poor illiterate Indian masses (700 million after the last count) or well-trained NRI apartments stay in Phoren? Either way, it does not matter. No group has any idea what a good movie is and probably deserves such terrible things. It's a short overview because there's nothing to write about, except for the usual F-Class garbage bag. Bollivood should change its name to Follivood. And yes, this review is much better than the film itself.
