* Possible spoiler * 'Back to the cabin next to the lake' is a useless movie. The act was not good and the action was not interesting at all. The cabin next to the lake is a good TV movie. There was no continuation. Judd Nelson was very good at the first film and put much more in his character than in this one. It seemed as if the HE was not even interested in continuing. His acting was good, but it could have been better. I really do not want to comment on the rest of the actors, because in my opinion, they are not even worth the importance. But I'll do it. Character Alison is not difficult to show in the first part of the film. Suddenly, he is at the center of attention beside Stanley Caldwell. The role did not make sense and it should have been a little better to imagine. Dahlia Salem was absolutely terrible. Her acting was far below the decent, and the people who advocated had to look for someone else, anybody else. Director, Mike, was a confusing character. The purpose seemed to be there, but it did not look like his death was necessary. The acting for this role was good, nothing better than Salem. The action was really bad if you think about it. Stanley, who is thought to be dead, enters the set of 'Cabin bi the Lake', a film based on his script. He came to the director and in a short time, the director is dead and Stanley runs the show. Yes, nowhere will the crew just let this stranger come in and finish the film without knowing anything about him. There are some murders, not many, and the one shown is ridiculous. One of the actresses on the set gets an electric shock while shooting the scene. Another character is chewing on a motorboat. And one gets in the plant before drowning. These writers were certainly very excited. I just have to say that I was not impressed with filming. The way he constantly changed from a low budget to a normal one began to become irritating very quickly. Also, the new cabin next to the lake was badly created. It's not shown to us, but only in a few scenes, and the whole thing with the chain in the basement was useless. It worked in the first movie just because the room showed us much more, but it did not work out in this. There were too many characters in this sequel. All of them, except for a few, had no reason to be there. The act of what turned out to be a little bad was ... and they simply did not have the purpose in this film. where did the first stop? "Cabin near the lake" can take, but this was not impressive. Judd Nelson was supposed to avoid this and so did you. It's nothing at first and it's gone too slow. Nothing happened in the first hour and continued to pull for others. Not to mention that writing was terrible. Put this only if you need help sleeping. So, we see that Stanley defies death and is still alive and well. According to the way it speaks, it sounds like it might be possible for a third edition of the movie to be good in itself. Stop throwing in the sequels and maybe we'll be fine! (Did the filmmakers realize that they showed us how they recorded the scenes of the lake from the first? they never reveal the secrets of recording.) <br /> <br />
