I've never figured out why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and enhanced emotions - what do not you like? What I did not realize was that I just saw the Bollivood's upper crust. Then I watched "Garam Masala". In the first scene I could say that this is not a movie I like (the film opens with the installation of two leaders who ride around the city and obviously happens accidentally on a series of photo-installations filled with guitar models), but I was always hoping that things improve. Unfortunately, they are not. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely inconclusive. The whole film is carried out by lying women - and brutally lying - to catch them in bed, and the audience should find this funny and be enchanted. Boys are unscrupulous and incompetent, not mercifully. Mac even goes so far that one of the women is drugged to prevent it from revealing his cheating. The script is extremely bad, with repetitive scenes, settings that never bring anything to anything, and illogical actions and declarations of characters. In fact, characters never develop at all. Males are rough, greedy jerks, and women are just beautiful. If you look at this movie, you would think that "hostesses" are quite easy to move from person to person. In reality, betrayal is not so witty. The only bright spots I found in the movie were a dance number that had brilliant sets, and a few moments of slapsticks that included the aspects of the story of the French Farce and the Doors. But Bollivood Dance is more enjoyed in films choreographed by Farah Khan, and for slapstick you can go straight to the quiet comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seemed to have influenced little writer / director Priiadarshan. Priiadarshan also takes fake credit for inventing a story: the basic premise of the plot was stolen from the 1960s "Boing Boing". The original author of this work, Mark Camoleti, is nowhere to be recognized. At least Priiadarshan changed the title for this remake, instead of using the original originally without a loan, without giving credit, as he did in his version of this same 1985 story. (According to IMDb points list.)
