Based on an average short story by the author of the horror of Stephen King about the so-called "ancient and immortal cats-like creatures that suck the life of virgins in order for this energy to sustain them." They have supernormal abilities - they can make themselves "murky" "meaning they become invisible and I can create subconscious mirages to deceive people. They have run away from people for centuries and have been told and one by one has been buried until only two remain. The film begins when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a dormant town, they are the last of the moonshine and they are on a hunting trip to keep the virgins nourished. The mother sends her son to enroll in a local high school to find the virgin, he does (Madchen Amick) and continues to try to bring her to peace so that she can dry out. It is not clear why a mother can not search for virgins - it would ease what could be imagined, because teenagers are much more inclined to follow an elderly beautiful woman in a remote area than a teenage girl. However, his plans are shaken as the girl struggles, pens with a pen in her ear. The police are calling and hunting! The son is sick of injuries and the mother goes to the savage killings of police officers left and right in the hunt for a girl who hurt her son and pours some painful sterile bands in the middle of the mountain. In the end, a girl kills her mother by the end of the film. This movie is trash! The acting is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. Special effects are average and show some early computer effects that are mildly interesting as they show how advanced things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is cluttered and the film falls into the camp in places. The director seems unsure whether we should be afraid of the moonlight, or sympathize with them, and when we suspect, the film becomes hysterical. Stephen King makes a mild funny kameo like a boring gardener like Mark Hamil, a confused policeman. It looks like Alice Krige carries a movie, her character gets depth and gives clues about what the movie could be with a better script and better direction.
