.... And after I see this bunch of shit, you will not be surprised if it's not published !!!! SPOILERS !!!! This is a horrible movie by any standard, but when I point out that this is one of the worst movies that has the name Stephen King in points, you can begin to imagine how bad it is. The film begins with two characters looking open mouth to a scene of horror: "My God. What happened here?" "I do not know, but they are sure to hate cats" * The camera is located on the outside of the house where hundreds of cats are hacked and mutilated. The guy is that guy right, someone hates cats and with the conclusion that he should be a cop. Wait a minute, he's a cop and when the movie starts with a cop that makes such an obvious observation, you only know that you're going to watch a bad movie. The reason SLEEPVALKERS is bad is that it's very illogical and confused. Finally, we find that monsters from the title need the blood of virgins to survive. Would not it be better to look for a virgin in the middle western biblical zone instead of the American coastal city? Saying that at least we know the motives of the monsters - that's the only thing we learn. We never learn how they are able to change shape or are able to make cars cars invisible, and these jars with a finish that looks like it was stolen from the TERMINATOR. The mother of the monster is walking around killing a few police officers with their bare hands or dropping them through a police pistol (!), But if her monstrous race is immune to police fire power, then why are creatures needing the ability to change their form or become invisible? The death of the creature is just as badly designed as the massive attack of domestic cats was killed there. If the cats can kill them, why did not the monsters kill all the cats that were lying in the garden? She sat on the whole hoggy moggija, but the monsters never thought they would kill them. I suppose that such a production team could come to an end. It was that they started the movie, my complaint lies. We address several scenes in which famous horror directors such as John Landis, Clive Barker, and even Stephen King make kameyas. I think that's because whenever an unknown actor reads the script, they immediately decided that, notwithstanding anything, it would not appear in the movie so badly that Stephen King had to call his friends of horror to fill out the actors. It's so bad SLEEPVALKERS is <br /> * Incredible because it looks like it was not the worst line in the movie. The worst line is - "That cat saved my life"
