So on the Chills Network on the cable have a "Vampire Moon", I am such a fool, but I love the vampires. So after a few nonsense I showed that I was pretty disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers had written Stephen King. That's why I decided to look, and to my great surprise, this film was really bad. Most of Stephen King's films are fun, and some are very frightening. While Sleepwalkers were bad, it was a wonderful kind of bad thing. I had a good time laughing at this movie and I just took it for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, as far as I understand, this is the only real vampire story of King, so I can not really compare a book with a movie. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was made for TV. The special effects were truncated and the story was somewhat embarrassing, even if it was a fantasy, it had a lot of problems. Charles Brady and his mother, Marie, are vampires who feed on the vitality of innocent women. They are much more resilient than humans and have power and telekinesis and illusions. Their only weakness is cats, which they can not only see through their illusions, but whose claws are able to inflict severe fatal wounds. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary were settled in a small Indian town. Charles attended a local high school and there he met Tani Robertson in his class of creative writing. Tanya does not doubt the real reason why Charles wants so much; to take her life force for her mother, who is starving. At first, Charles seems to have fallen in love with Tanya. At their first meeting, however, a picnic at a nearby cemetery, Charles tries to exhaust the vitality of Tanja while she loves her. As happens, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to pull Charles for speeding, drove past the cemetery and noticed Charles's car. When Tanya goes to him for help, Charles follows Andy and kills him. When Charles turned to continue his life-force-exhausting session with Tanya, the cat's deputy, Klovis, rises to that occasion and almost kills Charles, scratching him on the face and chest. Deadly wounded by Klovis, Charles returns home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Thani's family. So, in order for this film to be reminded, it should be expected that the cheese will overflow. The scene at which Charles first attacks Tania is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tania is one of the most beautiful women's leaders in horror films. Then you have to love a scene where Mary has a gun and shoots a police car and somehow explodes, God blesses Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I'm shooting a movie for what it is, it's just so delicious it's bad to turn into a dark comedy for me that I can just enjoy ridicule. I'm not sure if this is what Steven King wanted to see for his story, but he has his typical strap in the movie. So, my suggestion if you're watching this movie, just take it for what it is and do not think anymore, it's a foolish party with banal effects, bad casting, stupid story and enough cats to get a crazy cat out of Simpson's word "Wow, that's a lot cats ". 4/10
