I like Batman: Dead End. The dark sharp adjustment of the film-noir for Batman was perfect. Batman: Dead End is good. This is not. First let me start with the acting. None of this is so good. Best of all, Clark Bartram is like Batman. But that does not say much. He is good at first glance, and then you realize that he is what he is, the bodybuilder who is by chance an actor. But the main problem is that Batman does not belong in the daylight, it looks like a freak that runs around in Bat's suit. Instead of a terrible scar of a man trying to overcome past mistakes. Daylight reveals an irritating frown on Bartram's face that never comes out and can not be spotted in Batman: Dead End, probably because of the darkness that is so desirable in this trailer. It seems that Bartram thinks that frowning and stubbornly shaking his head behaves, it's not, it's completely the opposite. It's called posing, something that real actors avoids like a plague. Something I never realized why Collora threw body builders like traces. It makes more sense to give the role to an actor who can manage it instead of dealing with bodybuilders who can do it, but he looks so good like a comic! Of course, they may have done better that Collora's dialogue did not leave much to be desired. Michael O'Hearn (Superman) is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. He's standing on the side of the Superman, around, smiles, says his line This is it Although I'm not surprised because he is just a bodybuilder, they hired and possibly got a few lessons, I say once again to Collori, actors, not bodybuilders, actors will be much more convincing to forgive the fact that they do not look just like a comic book. Costume is what you expect from Su Permena to wear ... As far as Batman's suit is concerned, well, I think it looks good only in the dark. I say this because in some shots, the outfit looks like something you would buy in a Halloween gift shop. Superman Flies in this film, but this is not a good thing, these videos look particularly amateur. This and a lot of "movie" looks like they were filmed in their backyard with a VHS camera. The best recordings are a Superman movie that catches a car in his hands. And the final shot of Two Faces and Batman at the very end. For those who saw the trailer. You know what I'm saying. Now, just that it could have stretched across the whole trailer. At last I ask. Why, if you are trying to show your ability as a director, would you make a trailer as a short film? It does not prove anything when it comes to the real management story. My only advice for Color is that there is a difference between the ability to talk a story and be able to work in marketing. Batman: Dead End was not an amateur. I can not figure out where this went wrong.
