Let me start this review by saying this: I love vampire movies. They can sit down and I will still love them because the vampires are just cool in movies. Van Helsing, which many consider to be a bunch of garbage, I was pleased with the fact that there were vampires. You ask: "What does this have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to inform you about how this film is really terrible, that even a Harharhar for vampire films like me can so despise a movie like this one. Helsing, a college professor who is not convinced at all. He's a horrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and he wrote that to salvage the wound. Frankly, I did not want to offend him, and I'm sure everyone was having fun in making this movie, but watching him was actually painful. I'm not sure why I watched everything; it may have been a morbid fascination, like watching the upcoming train collision: it's terrible, but you can not force yourself to turn your eyes off. His main mistake is that it's just so boring, and her plot is so damn ridiculous, even for horror movies from science fiction. But, I deviate. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with her mom. Of course, he does not know that she is at the time; he only thinks that this is one of his students (which is still illegal and everything, but not as disgusting and creepy). If I were Van Helsing, at least I would have withdrawn Edip when I found out I did something so rough. It would be a fun thing if he just made a comment on it, but no. None of the characters were mentioned at all. It's like the writer did not even think about it. At least another guy would laugh at him and say: "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother," which would be mildly humorous (though apparently immature). I probably run out of rooms, and a few more words to dissuade you from ever seeing this movie: there's a vampire ninja fighting with an old man. It would be ridiculous, but the film's authors expect us to take this seriously. It's not worth watching a movie to see how bad it is. Stay away, far from if you value your time at all. I will tell you one thing positive about the movie: the guy who plays Van Helsing is pretty smooth with his knife. It has one minute long segment where it rotates around the knife and makes pretty beautiful tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but unfortunately, this was the highlight.
