I have to agree with some other comments and even go a step further. Nothing about this movie has worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our central character, makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but by the way he falls on a wise former prisoner. At the same time, her friend Hortense is trying to call her boyfriend the lawyer to finally marry her. She also sleeps with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then there is Delmar's brother Jethro, who intertwines with a former coconut addict, Missi, who finds her sexually abused by her adopted father. On the margins is an eccentric woman with an assortment of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. So far, it's good, but after introducing these characters and stories that deal with life, death, sorrow and love in the first half, the film simply loses its direction. If the writer chose only one or two characters and allowed us to track their stories, maybe things would be fine, but the same screen time is given to everyone so that no story or character is fully developed . For example, why Delmar thinks she will be able to surrender her child in exchange for money, especially when future parents are a furious loyal lawyer and his half-alcoholic and depressing wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who's a jerk and obviously does not like him? How did Missie manage to get out of cocaine overnight? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with tremendous problems, or is Missi an exception? Did Delmar and Jethro have always been on an eccentric side, or is it a recent development? Why is Jethro so interested in smoker that he has it in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for car theft, a relatively small crime? How does Delmar finally end up producing Moses when there is no suggestion that they ever had sex? These questions are set in the script, but unfortunately they have never been answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel and that's why the writer felt the need to include all of this in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several sub-chapters, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which does nothing to contribute to the overall film, would greatly sharper things and allow more time for the development of the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moshe, who are obviously central to the plot and basic topics than anyone else. Add to that the most pedestrian directing style seen outside the average soap and the result is a great missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Foka who is trying to climb over the material. I'm not surprised that this was a directing last movie because this attempt does not show evidence of a visual style or the ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
