This film does not rock, as others have said. I thought it was really boring and stupid. The story is about this metal high school student who is idolizing this really bad metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making the last album to be released on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which in fact means November 1, a much less powerful date to be sure). The kid gets a copy of the document and contains secret hidden messages. It's also the key that opens the door so that a really bad metal singer can come back to bring havoc and death to the world. The first part of this film is not a horror film at all, but a special program after school. We see a metal kid (outsider) who is bothering over and over again popular kids. And she does not manage to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: When you're kidding kids who bully you, invite you to a party, do not go! It's a trap. Especially if there is a party in the pool. Is someone surprised when he finishes in the water? There was such a special program after school that I waited for Melissa Sue Anderson to appear and teach Jodi Foster lesson. So let's go back to the horrible part of the movie. So, this metal kid gets some powers and instead uses them to kill the boys of the boys (which would have a lot more sense), he freaks out and tries to protect all boys and girls from abuse. What? Sensitive hero? What's so funny about a horror movie? Thank God Carrie Wyte did not follow this lesson. He is actually trying to NOTE that music plays at Halloween Dance, the music itself that could free the power to kill all the children who have been angry with him. If it was me, I would put that music on it. The rest of the film is about that metal kid moving around the city trying to kill the terrible metal star he idolized. Why not cooperate with him and really do something harmful. Why do you ask? Seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to hurt her ... more suitable for the movie Molly Ringwald. Is this a horror movie or episode of Beauty and Beast? The film only continues and continues at this moment, without fear, horror or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late eighties like me, this movie is fun to have a small flashback for fashion and big hair, but that's it for this movie. Skip it and stay home and just listen to KISS.
