Antonioni, taking this film, took over the role of Dad Smurf to all the small, long-lived, American, radical students-Štrumpfovi. He led them under the guise of protecting his European Communist wings, showing gratitude and support to their confused American roads. (These Strumpfs are red and carry the blue, and not the other way round.) The radical Strumfs were happy to receive the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly sees God of all long-haired Smurfs, Communist Lenin - another wise old man whose chin made him Smurfs they understood it even more seriously, because it symbolized something wise, even though they did not quite know why they consider that the beard has such a profound effect on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, often profited from this confusion and radiated magical power with his beard over his naive overseas fans. (Not to mention If Guevara: that the beard has certain e-ne-sais-pas-kuoi about it, makes someone want to embrace Marks and his beautiful, pacifist teachings immediately?) The film begins with a disrupted encounter with radically stupid radical students, who engage in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". As he was confused as blind dogs falling from tall buildings into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the "hero" of the film (well, Antonion's hero) rises and says something to his pathetic left-handed peers, and then leaves, hoping that this "mega-cold" image will improve his image of James Din and significantly increase his chances. to lay with the best "chickens" in the next mass hippie orgy. In the end, he gets into trouble with policemen (ie Pigs) at the rally and conducts a film under the blue American capitalist sky, seeking freedom? Or something similar. Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or had) anything new to offer; these are just the same one-dimensional policemen with a trigger, businessmen talking about business affairs (and what's wrong with that, do not they get Antonioni's movies?), and the endless footage of TV commercials and billboards that advertise so morally decadent products for disgusting, selfish and a greedy right-wing population who does not even think of anyone but themselves, their families, their work, and their children. Tata Smurf Antonioni, just like his debt The smurfs and smurfets of the late sixties did not notice the most obvious and most important aspect of their stupid movements: they were allowed to hold their funny meetings and freely express their anti- - Founding opinions in that same establishment, while students in those countries whose left-wing systems were admired were not (and still are not). By far the biggest irony in the hippy - and Antonioni, of course, failed to understand it (his judgment was blurred by cocaine and excessive input of LSD) - that the hippies were (are) the remains of capitalism. This is incredible irony. Only in a successful functioning capitalist system can you find a species called "hippie"; spoiled, ungainly and selfish pile of losers from middle and upper middle class. The film itself seems to last forever. Antonioni takes his sweet time with it, including the long scene of senselessness, with a high drowsiness factor. His attempts at symbolism are boring and banal. His statements are very suspicious, at best. This film is an Antonionian way to say that violent revolution is a solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, dirty, fat film that lives in villas and lunches in the best French and Italian restaurants. I do not recall that I have ever seen a Western film about the massacre at Tiananmen for thousands of students in China. But when a Western student gets a bullet for Che Guevara's face in all of our faces, we'll get ten great movies about it at once. I suppose it means that Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than the western one? at least for left-wingers who attack movies. If you are a Marxist neo-hippie and do not like this terrible review, please click "NO" below.
