This film is definitely the product of its time and seen in any other context, it's an incredibly stupid movie. Hell, even seen in the right context, it's pretty bad !! Basically, this is because of the stupid complication and the very self-reliant regime of the prominent Italian director, Michelangelo Antonionio. In this case, he tried to merge a very artistic film with an anti-hypnotic film and only managed to produce a huge-scale bomb. The film begins with a rap session where many "with him" students sit around speaking such shallowness as "power to people" and complain about "man". Bearing in mind that most of these hippies have parents who send them to college, it seemed a little stupid for these privileged kids to complain so loudly and shout revolutionary jargon. Later on, violence between pupils and "pigs in the institution" is over and the policeman is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not, but is forced to run to avoid criminal prosecution. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what he would do total moron - steal the plane and flew into the desert of Mojave! There he met the girl who was going and then sat around the philosophy for hours. Then, they have sex in one of the sexy scene in the history of the movie. As they snore in the dust, suddenly other pairs appear from where there is a huge orgy scene. While you see a little skin (which guarantees R-rating), this is not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and looks so choreographed that it just astonishes the mind. And of course, when they're done, many, many other couples disappear in the air. Strange, later a pair of colored aircraft with little help and looks like the creation of Peter MacA. Despite improving the appearance of the aircraft, evil policemen react to his return by plane shooting in a good revolutionary. When the girl finds out, she enters a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her apparently imagining the destruction of her fathers pig parents and all the evil they present (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see that a huge house exploded about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators and other stuff exploding slowly. While stupid, it's pretty cool to watch - like when David Letterman blows things up or breaks things in his show. In addition to the stupid complication, the film suffers from a strong need for a nice character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed up a bit - especially because there really is not a lot of complication or dialogue. The conclusion is that this is an incredibly stupid film and I was not surprised to see him in the book "The Fifty Fierce Movies" by Harry Bear. It's a deserved addition to this pantheon of shit. That such a prominent director consumes so much money to produce such a craptastic film is a crime! Two final observations. If you like to laugh at the silly hippy movies, also try to watch BILLY JACK. Also, in the case of art that imitates life, the leader, Mark Frechette, played his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison several years after participating in a "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed the bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
