In his 1966 film "Blow Up", Antonioni's hero examined the truth against British young protesters. Asking such questions against the tissue of the hippies of youth movements, Antonioni, deliberately or not, examined the effectiveness of these organizations. How can you fight for a case when what you think is true can be a lie? On the other hand, the film said that we must fight and actively challenge what we see precisely because others can deceive us with false images and false truths. Although the hippie aspects were the most beautiful parts of "Blov Up", they created a beautiful texture and gave the movie more meaning than any other would have. It was very cautious and a small movie was ripe. With "Zabriskie Point" Antonioni rejects all the ambiguity and subtlety "Blov Up" and goes in full flower. The result is a film full of bad metaphors, stupid ideas and hard stories. How would anyone, who during his career showed such restraint and intelligence, do something so stupid? The film opens with beautiful series of close-ups as we look at a group of radicals discussing the meaning of the revolution. Suddenly, one man (Mark) got up and left. He hates the rigid and orderly nature of the revolution. He acknowledges that, although the revolutionaries are fighting for freedom, they are bound by such a militant cause, that is to be freely taken away. And like Jack Nicholson in the "Traveler", Mark just wants to be free. As such, Mark buys a gun and goes solo. No one receives orders. When the police enter the university campus, Mark shoots a guy and runs. He then runs to a nearby airport, steals a small private plane and flies to the desert. Antonioni treats the desert as a peaceful utopia and opposes it to merciless capitalist cities, with its billboards and hollow modern appliances. He sees the desert as a kind of paradise garden. In the desert, Mark meets Darje and falls fast. Antonioni gives us a funny sex scene in which hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand. With the liberated restrictions of modern life, these workers from the tree and student radicals can now celebrate their individualism by hitting the sun. homes of wealthy capitalists who killed him. That's Antonioni's challenge to his audience. Pick up weapons, rods and explosives, he says. Crawl the walls before they're fencing you! Of course, the film did not have an effect on the audience. They recognized "Zabriskie Point" as just another self-centered commercial attempt to be radical. Some kind of commodified radicalism. It was untrue and pitiful. Thematic film is pretty stupid. Antonioni basically says that if you are dissatisfied with the modern world and fat cats that use you, either flee into the desert (Mark) or actively fight the system (Daria). That's all good and good. But, although artists constantly alert us to such dystopian nightmares, they are largely unable to show us how to effectively implement the changes. Like the end of the "fighting club", nihilism and violence do nothing. In the real world, social change tends to be promoted by modest inventors, encouraged by lesser technological advancement. I mean, what freed women more than contraceptive means? 3/10 - Very bad movie. The problem is that Antonioni does not believe in rebellion. He is a quiet and contemplative man. Introvert, which seems to have shot an extrovert film to gain more admiration from the counter-culture that embraced its earlier movie "Blow Up". As such, "Zabrinskie Point" appears as a very pretentious and stupid movie. In essence, this is a 50-year-old man who says, "Look at me, I'm a smuggler!" There are many films in which the public is encouraged to fight the "system", but they all fall into one of four categories. In the first category you have movies such as "Network", "Cool Hand Luke", "Coward Nest" and "Spartacus". All this shows that the life of freedom fighters ends with failure, although in any case the "spirit of revolution" survives. The message is that you can not make a change, but by dying or failing, the optimistic idea of ​​change survives through martyrdom. Basically, we must continue not to work, but to give up hope. Then you have movies like "Fight Club", "Zabriskie Point" and "Falling Dawn", which simply encourage you to explode. Everything is wrong. Bring it all out. It's all a lie, so you can get out of a firearm. These films are born out of angry, reactionary feelings, not from any common sense. Then you have the category "Flight, Not Fight". Terrence Malick and Antonioni are the masters of this genre. Films such as "Travelers", "Red Desert" and "Badlands" show human beings running from worlds that do not like and forging an island or peaceful shelter for themselves. Both directors are pessimists because Malik has ruined islands and Antonioni has their own islands that offer no sense of happiness or solution. Then you have a fourth category. Movies like Donnersmarck's "Life of Others", Ashby's "Bound For Glory" and Kubrick's "Clockvork Orange" treat artists as a force for change and rebellion. In these dystopian worlds, in which everyone is content to be a slave of the state, it is the uncompromising creativity and freedom of will of the artist / criminal who holds the system under control. By simple existence outside the herd, you create waves. Your comments, actions and critical eye create a status home. As such, Donnersmarck's film has novelists and artists that undermine Nazi Germany, while Kubrick has an Alec of an artist / criminal who fights against Nazi drugs, painting the city with blood and sperm.
