The meaningless continuation greatly raises credibility as the devil sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time to the film production of the novel he wrote for drowning in the garden, assuming the identity of the director of the second unit he killed. The movie in Hollivood is cheerfully entertaining, with a script in a language written in tyranny directors who sleep with their actresses (.. looking for a way to the ladder) and do not like anyone who causes them to fully illuminate. Brian Krause, who I thought to be horrible, ran to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, portrays a loud, temperamental director who does not like the fact that his second director and scriptwriter Alison (.. Dahlia Salem). ) seem to take over production. Andrew Mokham is Paul Parsons, who is the victim's brother from the first film. Dark humor this time takes on the idea of ​​a serial killer who actually works as a director of a movie set and exploits him for everything that's worth. Nelson returns to his psychological role again without any problems, and Stanley is as clever as ever, using his brains to take over film production, killing anyone he wants to maintain full control over his work, not allowing anyone to stand in his own as long as Alison does not understand who Stanley is. Alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her topic .. what Stanley motivated him to kill, why he would do it, and what led such a man to this dark journey? The humor Alison actually works with this man is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable clash between Alison and Stanley, with a really funny, incredible conclusion about the fate of a killer (... pretty heavy pill). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated lacquer, Po-Chih Leong director uses unnecessary techniques that are not needed (such as recording all kinds of odd angles, slow-motion color capture, and several instances recorded on the video) and pretty boring, not impressive. This sequel, for me, was not as targeted as the original, with a lot of humor that was less efficient and obvious.
