Do you need a lesson in pure, complete failure? Do not look farther than the "Wizard of the Lost Kingdom", the sinless, poor dirt, the shame of the film. As we all know, the competent moovies tend to cry terrible, terrible offspring: "The witch's night" has produced many, many bad 80-th mlers; "Mad Mak" began many, many bad "futuristic fantasies devastated" by the '80s; and "Conan the Barbarian" produced a series of horrific, terrible, incredibly bad swordsman swords. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scratched the bottom of that barrel of the 80's, in a way that is really offensive to the barrel. A young schmuck named Simon again took his "good kingdom" from the wicked wizard with the help of a rusty carpet, a garden gnome, a hot bimbo siren, and tired Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forti", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-time b-moovie muscleman, seems barely able to swing with his aluminum foil sword. However, he manages to overcome the forces of evil, which consist of the wicked wizard, "Shark", and his army of bad bones, giants and dwarfs. At one point, a paper mache on a series of attacks, but eating a doll of 1/2 hidden sock, with regret presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be appropriately described as pieces of scenes extracted from the floor of a wreath of bad boobs, connected in vain hopes to set the scene for the film, and exaggeratingly exaggerate a guy who never appears again. The words can not properly convey the cheapness of this film; Producers probably spent Moore moolah feeding Svenson's expansion to the sip, rather than on the cheese course of this film. And we are talking about Brie, the people ...: = 8P The director of Hector Oliver ("Barbara Queen") represents this mish-mash in a hopelessly confused, confused and cliché manner, destroying every possible hint of clear, linear narration. The acting is a terrible, production level beneath the horseshoe for shoes, and the plot is a tired cliché after another, paraded before our tired eyes. If they actually made the extension (!!!) makes MooCov's brain turning. James Horner ("Braveheart", "The Titanic", "The Rock") syrus moosic of "Battle Beiond The Stars" was erected, screamed, and hit, and ruthlessly rocked on this turkey - I bet this does not appear on his summary . People, you need to see this to believe. MooCov says it's a cheap rent when there's nothing else to watch, well, it's a lot more fun than looking at how to make bunny. Barely. : = 8P
