What we have here is really a great work of incompetence from the early eighties that will make even the greatest trash-kin expert completely without text! "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap fantasy / Svord-and-Sorcery adventure that does not have a real action, but eagerly and shamefully lends elements from other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Oliver (who?) They watched enough similar films to know they needed a handful of important characters, but they probably thought everything else would follow automatically. To make a fantastic adventure, you need: a super-evil villain (possibly with a black robe), a young hero in training, a lonely warrior, a kind furry pet, a wise dwarf who lives in the forest (optional) and a whole haunting collection disgusting demons, enslaved dwarfs and winged gargoyles to serve as a filler. The story is phenomenal and so original, with Simon the young son of a wizard who had to escape from his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurk took over the power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save people, but he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon made friends with a lonely warrior Koro (usually cool by the type of Bo Svenson who obviously had to pay a check), which helped Simone on a long and devastating path full of temptation, dangerous encounters and magical calculations. However, until now it does not even sound bad, but that's just because I excluded all the delicately incompetent fine details. Simon has a best friend named Gulfak. Gulfak is an albino version of Chevbacca and evokes unbridled chuckling whenever it opens a poodle-snout to scuffle something incomprehensible. The hurdles during traveling home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as metal records that mask the lack of real content. Simon has a nightmare vision in the tent of a suspect forest nymph, Kor solves the old score with a pig's enemy whose sister has refused to marry and there is an allegedly terrible "suicide cave" in which you can only sing your way out. But absolutely the most unusually brilliant sequence? not just about this movie than in the history of the movie? includes the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes legendary brave warriors, hoping to help them in their fight, but the corpses of the corps make just a few steps, they complain that they are tired and returning to the graves. That's it! So much for a zombie plot! The best ever! I could enter inadvertently hilarious fine details for a few more paragraphs, but you got an idea. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is an incredibly entertaining movie "so bad - it's good." Tip: Do not just look at this joyous piece of garbage. Invite friends, possibly drugged guys with a bad sense of humor, and watch them in the group. There will be a night to remember?
