From the very beginning, you know that this Sharma movie is more than Al Adamson's film, because how to make a loan, "Sam Sherman Production" appears in capital letters as the title header. And not only that, Mr. Sherman is the co-author of the script and his idea was that Bob Livingstone, the exhausted, 69-year-old Western star of the old Hollywood era, brought in as his male performance in the image Sherman thought to capitalize on the recent success of "Swinging Stevardesses" . Why then would you want to have a wobbly old man like your male lead in what should be the functionality of a soft core? This defies the explanation, but that's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood painted many of his films for Independent International Images, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get actors for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblin, Lon Chanei Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me the demographic data from the drive-in know who the other 40 is and the second is the vulnerable; that's funny! But again, "Naughty Stevardesses" was a successful image for them, so we can not just write this as a Shias Frisco. However, according to any aesthetic standard, it is a coherent confusion. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture and it's easy to see why. First, he does not have a genre focus at all and goes from super soft core (just tits and asss / simulated sex) to a thriller for kidnapping (Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo" nuances!). painfully boring sequences of stewardesses walking around Vegas to Sparrow's dashing music, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann in a photo in San Francisco. Worst of all, we got Bob Livingstone as jack LaLanne vannabe in a blue suit, trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big scene of sex with Connie Hoffmann has been deleted, but you can catch him uploading to her tits on DVD in the Special Features section. Creepi.) This is a horrible, horrible movie, but I will give her three stars for the photo of Garry Graver and the pity of Connie Hoffmann that she had to make with "Vrinkles" Livingstone. "Naughty Stevardesses" is for Al Adamson's complete set and / or exploitation film scientists, because Sam Sherman's commentary offers vital information in the interior. Everybody else, BEVARE.
