Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this Sam Sherman production Naughty Stevardesses. Debbie just hit the city, became a stewardess, slept with an elderly rich man (whom she describes in her 50s, but apparently hit this sign ten years ago), records bare scenes for a photographer she just met, and then she is a central element in land for hijacking / extortion. Through all this, and in the midst of all these emotional turns and searching for the soul, what will the Debt do in the name of God? Well, I can not give it completely, but do not expect any real blasphemy. Let's be realistic. Naughty Stevardesses is exactly what she wants to be (at least two-thirds): a soft porn movie with lots of women in toples and a funny movie in that kitschy style. There is no great art here. The film was designed to earn money and utilize the rising trend at the time to put film stewardesses in movies so that audiences can live their voyeur flavors in a lifetime. According to today's standards, the film is pretty pitiful. What makes this film a mistake is an attempt to find some sort of statement in the end. Come on, everyone here believing Debbie was thinking about life on the beach. She would have spent more time choosing which top will be at the top, and then she will do it. And what about the funny plot to steal 50,000? It did not make sense to me, how were these people "digging" on the ground? Does anyone buy Cal as a PLO member (something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He would be lucky to get a job at Seven Eleven! This is, as the other reviewer has noticed, more of Sam Sherman's work and the work of Al Adamson. You can say when Al is fully charged. There's almost no budget and the movie does not look almost as polished as this one. Adamson does a decent job, this time he directs, and I have to give Sherman credit to a certain degree. Although this film is bad only because of what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. They liked introductory credits with animation and photographs. I even liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a bit of an appealing melody. The movie does not seem cheap at all. Compare this with ALL of Al's horror films. As for actors, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead, but some review went into his character, and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to men with money explored. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply terrible in his role. All the girls have great sets, so what are they looking for? Naughty Stevardesses is a relatively harmless exploitation film from the 1970s and will serve as a living-time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. By the way, did I mention that this is a pretty bad picture?
