It seems that people who stood behind Envii realized that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - were a situation-based grin, which were constantly diminishing in originality and generally laughed. I found the absurdity of Zoolander extremely funny when he came out, Starsky and Hutch were also nice, and then Dodgeball kept the laugh for many people, although I was personally tired of top-notch characters - especially when the script was not so funny (maybe the Dodgeball comedy comedy not really translated into Australia, where it's rarely played). So, in an attempt to do something a little more original, Envi is moving away from the absurd scenario and instead turns around the absurd creation of Jack's character (I will not spoil what is meant for those who intend to see the movie). The problem is that the movie looks like it's pulling, I'm not a big movie lover enough to be able to think about the examples, but it seems that this setting was made a thousand times before - and very rarely successful. Instead of a beautiful, crisp, cozy and fresh comedy, you get a movie that seems to be moving through moves. They are sure that the moves are quite entertaining, and they are focused on an idea that is strange enough to give a few laughs - especially when Jack Black plays excited and fun, though slightly different, creator. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, appears to be somewhat lost, asked to play a larger role than funny characters in the Zoolander movie, but struggling as a family man, regardless of whether he is guilty or a script, does not have a sufficient depth of character and the result is Ben Stillera who works with these typical manners and generally gets boring. The performance does not leave a trace to the viewer (he's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black is actually showing the character - though not challenging). The last element in the film is the role of Christopher Valken as 'The J Man', which is typical and two-dimensional, as the characters come in and, of course, quickly becomes monotonous and frustrating. It's really not as intolerable as some people would think, it's visible, especially if you are in the right mood (feeling stupid would be a good prerequisite for watching this movie). Hire it on a movie night with friends and watch it after watching a terrifying movie and feeling like some light - we hope you'll be a little bit tied then. In that scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite pleasant, but in general, it provides too little laughter to bear and most of the time is only retreating.
