I admit I love many so-called "frat-pack" films. No matter how bad they are, I can find something like Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Vill Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse Ben possessed. This time, Ben and Jack Black are like a pair of cute neighbors, one of whom (Black) reveals an aerosol spray so that animal feed will disappear and become incredibly rich while another (Stiller) turns. This is allegedly a complication, but then it turns in other directions that really do not make much sense. I assume that 'Vapoorize' at first glance is fun. The problem is that they are trying to keep the gog full for the whole picture (Black has a license plate that reads 'Caca King') and becomes pretty strenuous. But even Ben and Jack are badly used; The energy level for both of their performance looks greatly chosen. The two best performances so far are Rachel Veisz and Chris Valken. The Valkenov neo-hipi-dippie type is so unusual and a well-modulated performance that in fact never suggests one of the other famous characters of Valken's. It is completely unique, but it encounters unmistakably Valken. And Veisz is about the best actress in a business that nobody knows. Even with limited time on the screen, it still dominates in every scene in which it is located. The whole core of the so-called. The drama is that Ben, in a jealous drunken stupor, accidentally shoots Jack's prize-winning white stall, and then goes on ridiculous lengths to conceal it, fearing that his best friend will find out and kill him. But the turn of the plot is not convincing because it has nothing to do with Jack's character that would indicate that he would do that. He plays such a sweet guy to make the whole earthquake a zero and invalid. Untie it completely. Everything is full. And what is the purpose of the out-of-control carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he has seen "Aliens on the Train"? The scenario is painfully bad, and the act of two leads is poorly directed. Someone with Levinson's record should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have it.
