Jack Frost, no children, is not a warm family film about a dad that comes back from the dead in the form of a snowman. It is a sadistic killer named Jack Frost, who was sprayed with acidic liquid and turned into a killer snowman. I accidentally caught a copy of this movie so I could lean and laugh. A man with snow? Ha, sounds like a perfect comedy / horror movie! I was wrong, very wrong. Jack Frost is about a killer who is transported by truck to a prison so he can be burned in a chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and it collides with state-owned tankers carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burnt down by acid and turns into a murderous snowman. He returns to the town of Snovmonton where he is caught by a small time sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with cooler powers. It can condense in water, fire ice cycles as a spear and grow into killer teeth. The only question is who can stop Frost? This film is below the typical B-Movie line. Films start to go wrong, but as soon as Jack bakes acid, it quickly falls below the cheese line and goes to the floor. The acting for one is terrible! Here we have a whole lot of uninitiated actors who either can not act, they can act, but they have a meaningless character, or there are only a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. It looks like young Richard Kiel in combination with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his look is reduced to only three minutes and everything we see is his new form of snowman and his wise voice. Plus, his wise lines are just not funny. Stench, stupid and bad. The plot is terrible! Throughout history, there were many killers. Killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a glove, a motor tester, a jerk, a fast St. Bernard, but now we're going down to the killer killer? Oh come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. For one I really wanted Jack to kill the son of a sheriff, I think I give his father the teeth with antifreeze in them so that they do not freeze? All characters are stupid and meaningless, and death is cartooned. A woman in strangled Christmas lights and her head is broken into a decoration box, and the girl is suffocated to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene?). And to the top of this horrible movie are special effects. The first great special effect we have is Jack's DNA mixing with the snow and the boy is terrible. I think it looks like a fashion design in the 60s, PU! Jack looks fake. It looks like a person covered with a rubber skin of a snowman. All blood and blood is cheesy and the film never goes large in size, but it descends to low levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst films ever made. I thought it would be a mess, but no! He does not try to be funny and actually tries to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least he smiled at me with horror. Do not even bother with this piece of garbage. Jack Frost = D +
