Five or so many good Western men made by Mann are unattainable as an ensemble in Hollivood. Even John Ford has never done so much with so much quality. The interesting thing about them is how uneven they are. Ford's Darling Clementine is worth about two and a half of each of them. Or at least two. The real hero of them next to Mann and Stevart is Chase. Chase is responsible for the great Red River. Chase wrote a distant land, a river, and possibly some other. But none of them is completed as My Dear Clementine, but then there are very few films, Western or others. Each of the Five Mans' films has huge gaps, or six, we see. Bend, Far, Man of the West, Furies, Vinchester 73, and iep, sik, Naked Spur. Each of them has a magnificent scene after a magnificent scene, with quite sharp gaps. However, this is the case with the Red River, which is still the largest western ever built. So perfection is not everything. But the Earth has huge, huge holes. It's ridiculous and really realistic only when Stevart and Mc Entire lock horns. The rest is quite a pedestrian, with the usual exception of Mann's camera. Man's camera is the course of one man in cinema. It's about a good eye as anyone who's ever been standing behind a moving film. It's never in the wrong place. Far Countri has an incredible moment. And as usual he comes from Stuart. No one in the history of cinema was physically punished by the authority of that man. He is absolutely incredible: look at him in Bend, Daleko, Winchester, and Man from Laramie: The band is beaten up and hanging on the thread so faithfully and with such bitter hatred it looks like someone who was displaced from Dachau was thrown out of the raft with such violence , it looks so convincing that you get hurt, and of course when you drag him through the fire in Man, you find yourself looking for burns. What an actor. Not to mention the moment in Winchester when he was beaten early in the hotel room, as was anyone else. But it was Man's territory: look at Garia Cooper who is fighting Jack's Lord in the Man of the West. It's painful like any fight scene ever shot. Cooper, though not as convincing as Stevart, is nevertheless somewhat equal in appearance exhausted at the end of the fight. In short, nobody but anyone, but no one has ever shown a human being in the extreme, nor in Mann. What a wonderful, excellent director. You see all the western ones he has ever made. They are his real monuments, even if they are all modest. But then what? As they reign with their big scenes, they are as good as everyone else, including Ford. And his six Western as an ensemble are the best ever made by anyone, the period. Thank you, Anthony.
