I did not know whether to laugh or cry about this misrepresentation of Canadian history, especially the bad service done in the history of the police installed in Iukon. I will leave it to Pierre Berton, a historian who was born and raised in Davson Citi Iukon, and author of the definitive history of the golden fever Klondike, Klondike: The Last Great Gold Fever, 1896-1899 to express my indignation with this stupid film : The American idea of ​​the unbroken border, which heroes of heroes armed with six pistols, continued in Dalekoj zemlji, another story about a cowboy from the American West - this time to Wyoming - who brought his herd of cattle in the land of gold. Image is the nightmare of geographical impossibility, but the real mismatch is the main assumption at which the shop turns? that at the time of golden fever there was only one policeman in Canadian Yukon and that he could not deal with lawlessness. When James Stuart and Walter Brennan get to the border with their livestock, the customs cabin is empty. <br /> "Where is the cop?" Pita Brennan. "Up on Pellio River. Trouble with Chileans," someone answered. He has a real hard work, that cop. Patrolles some ten or twenty thousand square miles. Sometimes he does not return home for two or three months at the same time. "The historical truth is that the territory of Yuconne during the golden fever was closest to the police state that North America had ever seen. Northwestern Police were stationed on the territory much before the strike in Klondike, they controlled every route to Iukon and did not make any nonsense. They collected customs duties, often through the eviction of newcomers, passed arbitrary laws on the spot on the navigation of the river, and brought people back if they did not have enough supplies, or simply looked bad. In a true Canadian way, they set moral laws for the community.In Doson, the Law of the Lord's Day was strictly observed: it was a crime punishable by a fine for cutting wood on Sunday; Punk young women were arrested for what police called a strict person called "giving a risky performance in the theater", mostly nothing more than dancing suggestively on the stage in exaggerated unraveling of the secrets. In such a community, the gun was unthinkable. One notorious bad man from Tombstone who tried to pack his weapon on his side was personally disarmed by a young policeman who had just thrown him out of the salon for the horrible crime he spoke too loudly. The bad man went like a lamb, but he protested when the policeman, after finding out he was carrying a pistol, said he handed it over. "No man has taken my gun from me yet," the American said. "Well, I'm taking it," the policeman said gently and he did it, without further resistance. Davson was confiscated so many revolvers that the police sold them at an auction for one dollar and bought it as a souvenir to stay on the fireplace. In 1898, the great year of stampede, there was not a serious crime? let alone murder? in Davson. The contrast with Scuffing on the American side, which was a city without a law led by Soapi Smith, a man from the Denver Trust, was remarkable. But in Dalekoj zemlji, Doson is regarded as a community without any law, which is a character from the "Saga" Smot from Skagvai ?? in the picture is Gannon? can easily be controlled. (In real life, one of Smith's people who tried to cross the border, that all his equipment was confiscated and that he was re-planted by the police sergeant). "In the film, said lonely Mountie," Yes, I am the law. I represent the law in the territory of Yukon, about fifty thousand square miles away from it. " "Then why do you no longer have?" "Because yesterday this was wild. We did not expect you to pour thousands. Now that you are here, we will protect you." "When?" "There will be a post in Davson in early May." "What's going on from now until May? Will you be here to keep the order?" <br /> /> "Part of Time." "What's with the rest of the time?" "Get ready for a good man." Let him enter as a marshal "<br /> <br /> < /> Mountie's film goes away and does not appear again in the picture. His amazing suggestion that the American city marshal, along with a kosher star, will take an oath of a group of citizens living under British jurisprudence? Jimmy Stuart make a march but Stuart plays the role of a loner who takes care of the number one, and so the other man chooses to be hit, he does it, others are affected, even Valter Brennan is hit, Stewart finally comes to an unbridled conclusion that he must finish all shooting with his own. He is tilted to a tin star, and he and the bullies, Gannon, are going to each other in the inevitable western peak. Anyone known to the Canadian north, this baleful word The story goes through a rational belief. A passage from Hollywood Canada, Pierre Berton, 1975.
