I was a fierce fan of Hall Hartley since I saw his short film "Surviving Lust" in high school, and even then he was totally rejected by his brilliant "Henry Fool". But this 10-year continuation is not only unnecessary, but also embarrassing. After a thrilling and expeditious beginning, "Fai Grim" turns into pseudo-intellectualism, equates boredom and ultimately unjustified - and unwanted - nihilism. And that's just a plot. Most of the new faces are frivolous and poorly developed as a film: an extremely straight-line character ends up with sowing half the time we spend with the shameful Henry Fool, and that's his only voice in the movie! Agent Jeff Goldblum, Fulbright, seems to be the only bright character (literally the intentional Hartley sentence). How did he go then? ** SPOILER ** He is dead by car bombing, he has easily made him a gentle Hartley's most violent movie so far, and the tone is all wrong in a movie that has already been wronged by the word. As for other new characters, Angus James, Ned Fool (or is it Grim?), not to mention Fai himself ... well, I will not spoil their fate, because the movie has a good enough job since everything in her own (when she does not occupy himself with another godavful hidden angle, which gives the disturbing impression that Hartley is moving back from the Author's to the Shit of a student of the film). This piece is a complete disaster, a terrible mess that is not even good enough to enjoy in its mess. Instead, he complacently pushes the typically hipster's performances of his director into the "real world", one uglier and more mean than necessary, but not nearly ugly or big enough to get close to having something to say. In this way, Hartley follows all his memories of these people and the wonderful world he created for them. Rarely I was so depressed in movies, and I count on "Leaving Las Vegas," which at least developed new, new characters, we grew into love before we destroyed them, instead of immediately ignoring symbols that they are already loved. Actually, mrkie.
