This is a low-level espionage of the spy genre. To help shape your expectations, you should know that: (1) The acting is a wild hand. The stars are greatly entertained by delivering their lines with excessive eye movement, frequent hand movements and off-pace pacing. (2) Scenarios deliberately lack continuity and conviction. Often the lines are suddenly disturbing and witty because they have absolutely no relevance to the previous plot elements. (3) The recordings are often framed into off-balance corners, amused in genre excesses. (4) Jeff Goldblum delivers a complicated and classically meaningless dialogue with a prominent eye in a victorious sarcastic manner. The film has a leading intelligence, deliberately starting with a plot element stolen from B-films in the 1930s: a secret code with a structure that would discard the explanation of Carl Sagan. Film film is mainly used for comical effects during the first 90 minutes. In the early stages of running, the son of Fai Grim Ned is so often told to leave him so that you can not laugh when he's down to the guy. The beautiful choreographed fall of Parker Posey from the bed also helps to set a witty tone early in the film. The slow pace of the movie does not improve the comedy elements or drama elements that appear later on. The influence of film as a drama is significantly reduced by early comedy. Moreover, it is difficult to be overwhelmed with characters and their fates when the early parts of the film are so sarcastic. Music is intentional heavy, and I discovered that this (and inconspicuous camera angles) is more irritating than a more humorous one. Charming acting, incredible and almost incomprehensible plot / counter conspiracy, and a slow pace will fade on many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. However, fans who are susceptible to sarcasm film may want to look back ... using closed captions to best capture the intelligent laughter of the dialogue. The film was a time lag for me and sarcasm felt more difficult than light. But comedy may appeal to your tastes. The movie is worth seeing for those who enjoy independent films, fans of Hal Harley, or Parker Posey fans (who has the most time to shoot).
