I did not see "Henry Fool," but after watching "Fai Grim," I'm not sure I want to. Perhaps Hartley wants to be an "anti-thriller" director - he must have succeeded with this beverage. Based on the official description - a woman finds that the manuscript of her dead husband contains material that could pose a threat to national security - I expected a tense geopolitical drama. Instead, I had a weak structure, a dashing dialogue, a blurry characterization, a complicated plot and a "tone" that changed so often to suggest that Hartlei changed the script to his mood at any time. I can hang on for a long time with a frustrating, difficult to escort plot (for example, "Duplicate"), because I think the ends will finally merged. Even when they do not, they do, but they leave long-standing questions (eg "Duplicate"), sharp writing and acting can keep someone's interest. But halfway through "Fai Grim" I came to a deadly realization - I did not know what was going on, and I did not care. Too bad, because Parker Posei really likes me, he is reduced to working with the absurd part that has asked her to turn from an indifferent, alienated woman and indifferent, untrained mother into a hard, cunning international "player" capable of psychologically maneuvering terrorists. There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is not able to overcome miscasting as an CIA operative. It seems almost embarrassing in the role I watched in him. His CIA assistant is even worse; Looks like a refugee from the quarter-finals "American Idola" (are there really young CIA agents with a big licking of hair raven through the forehead?). Then there's a question about years of characters. Goldblum was 54 years old when he made "Fai Grim"; Thomas Jai Rian, who played Henri Fool, was 44 years old. However, the key point in the story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua for "another 70s." Goldblum's character would have been in his twenties; Henry Fool would be a teenager. Was Hartlei "strange" or lazy? Problems are too numerous for the list ...
