In that line I say 'I would understand', because, frankly, until now I have not seen Hall Hartley movie. It was not that I had not heard of him because he was seen as one of those little filmmakers in New York (when I say a little, I think even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who made ultra-personal projects in limited budgets. In an ironic way, just as with Pasolini's Hall, although in a slightly different context, Fai Grim is interested in seeing some of Hartley's praised features, as at least there seems to be some apparition of the talent behind him, as if Hartlei * could be good a film maker who could be so good he just took a big experimental error. Or, on the other hand, he could only be too impressed by his own idiosyncrasies and potential film collisions like Godard. I can not quite explain the story, which can or can. I suppose it's not a problem, but it's not really because you did not see the movie that preceded Fai Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had this experience, I would not make too much difference based on the final results. There are a lot of international espionage, two-fold plots bumped into another that fell through the fake pockets of the title character Parker Posei played in a further way (not sure if it's good or bad or maybe both) and also includes an CIA operative (Jeff Goldblum, and usually a solid presence in the midst of mania, even provoking some laughs), not to mention a picture box with orgy and author Henry Fool. It is not that the script is completely impenetrable, however much it passes into overloaded loops just because there are some touches of witty or strange dialogue. Pretty simple, the direction only bullshit. Harltei is in love with the Third Man, which is fine, but he imposes a permanent style of headache that fosters everything that is leaning around, while the characters have to fall into the frame equally strange. Not ever since Battlefield Earth, in fact, the director came so disturbingly in an attempt to make an unnecessary choice of headlines for a bizarre dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not in the middle of cluster-f ***, he is mostly responsible for this. This, along with crazy Vannabe Godard's title cards that appear here and there, are some fun, and some completely stupid, and assembly segments all in the recordings, and a few moments involving an action that almost resembles Ed Wood diminishes any potential which is in the script, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it is fascinating to see that all of this is all bad, but some kind of fascination that comes in the form of a flip-side of total creative control over a kind of smaller story. But let's be known: you probably will not come across the poorer more pretentious example of American independent film production this year.
