I did not think that could be done, but something came up and replaced the Open House - a low budget horror about someone killing a high price of real estate - like the worst movie I've ever seen in my short but otherwise sweet movie. Life. He was voted the best film at the latest Montreal Film Festival, which makes me believe that every other contribution must consist of a blank-screen shot accompanied by people who read dark poetry. > Watching this movie was like a small piece of Hell. It's from Austria and is trying to trip to the Short Cuts and Blue Velvet scenes about various characters living in a suburb with dark underground bones. There is the fat owner of the dog and his fat female maid who strip him, a skinny divorced woman whose wife still lives with him in a house that includes an untouched room of his dead child, an uber-boring woman of the autostop who recites the top ten leaflets. The list continues. Forever. Similar to two hours plus I spent in that theater. Yes, the characters are interacting, but not on a smart or interesting or even relevant way. I could not say whether they were as good as actors, because, according to the subheadings, they got lines that were the Austrian equivalent "You are so miserable!" They certainly did not have to learn much, as each repetition of their same lines at least three times in the scene. This is not Gummo, nor any of the mentioned films. There is no art to be discovered, and nothing we could not keep on later, except perhaps whether or not you should change your policy "never go out during the movie" (which several older couples did during a random orgy and if it sounds tasty, is not, unless you are one of the few who do not find the idea that your parents have sex - and with a few local middle-aged couples - to fight it.. This film was offensive to me Do not flatter nakedness, not sound music that causes shaking, but not fuzzy I was offended that someone really spent the money to do it when there are capable writers and filmmakers seeking funds. I was insulted that someone from the city could go to see Dog Dais and come out wondering if it was best that Montrealers I can find it. Most of all, I was offended that, somehow, the people involved in the festival were saying everything to believe that the Emperor had a beautiful and enchanting new outfit when it was painfully clear that he was naked like a thick maid who was doing striptease. <br /> <br />
