1975. MASTER OF FLIING GUILLOTINE is an incredible and beautiful movie to watch. This is not because the fight is especially inspired or because the movie makes sense at all. This is because the movie is so stupid and so over-the-top that the camp classics - bad but pleasantly bad. The movie is played by a blind man who has a Frisbee device on a chain that cuts off human heads while expertly throws this on his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the film contains such nonsense as 12-foot-footed walkers or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball from the beginning to the end - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and great to see with friends. Due to this film, I was impatient to see FATAL FLIING GUILLOTINES (1977), although unfortunately it turned out not to be a sequel, but that it was something that was going on - getting many ideas from the original, but ignoring that the film is coherent or visible. Of course, it's a stupid party, but it never comes close to the MASTER OF FLIING GUILLOTINE at fun value. As with the original movie, there are strange flying devices that separate the heads, but they are completely different - with circular blades and almost with their minds. There is no blind type, but they are a lot of bad people who really do not have depths, nor does the audience understand exactly what is happening in this English version, because the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some of the martial arts are very good. Even though it is not in keeping with the high standards of most of Bruce Lee's films or Sonny Chiba, action is valuable despite the ridiculous and often confusing scenario. All in all, this is a movie that fans of martial arts can love (despite this, many, many, many flaws), but also those that others will probably exclude or laugh hysterically, instead of enjoying action, because the film is so funny. OR, most importantly, it never comes close to being so funny or seen as the MASTER OF FLYING GUILLOTINE. A pity.
