I watched this because I thought there would be a lot of drives for cars and cool cars to be watched. I suppose they lied to me. This film is very boring. The film begins with the Sculptor Raines (Giovanni Ribisi) who sits in front of the Porsche store and checks if they have a real car. When he confirms that he is real, the Kip pulls a brick out of the trunk and throws it on the window, breaking it. He gets Porsche while his friend gets the keys. They start the car and go to the night. They deliver it to the warehouse just to be followed by the police. So, the whole crew puts away all cars and goes their separate ways. Then we get an insight into Memphis Raines. He gave a small speech to the crowd of children on a kart track. Then he faces Atlee Jackson (Vill Patton). Atlee tells Memphis that his brother is a statue in a deep * brook *. Memphis is known as one of the most notorious car thieves in Los Angeles. Memphis goes to the dump and meets Raimonda Calitri (Christopher Ecclesten). This man threatens to kill Kip if Memphis does not deliver 50 cars within 72 hours. There are several problems with this film: 1.The story: the first 48 hours in the movie take place when Cage and Duvall are looking for a team and are planning everything. The last 12 hours in the film is a waste! 2. Cars: You can see 10 cars of 50 when the movie is advertised. Well, where are the other 40 cars? Why do not we see them? 3. The Chase: Chase at the end of the movie was a joke. It was not at all tense. 4. Dog: Somewhere in film, dog eats burger and swallows three keys. This is impossible. Keys are open. The keys would seriously damage the dog's esophagus, stomach and colon. Guys suggest dogs to help him. This will not work. The dog will get plenty of diarrhea but no keys. It is stated in Jackass after Ryan Dunne stuck the toy car his rectum. Take a laxative, a lot of diarrhea, but without a car. The same case with the dog. 5. Officer During Chase: When Eleanor breaks down for a few minutes, Nicholas Cage desperately tries to start the car. See a cop behind him who does not look at his car at all. But just as Nicholas Cage restarts the engine, the policeman shakes his head to the right, sees the car, and immediately starts to run for him. That's stupid. So, just when he heard that the engine had started, and the video car, he knew it was the car he was looking for. How does he know it's a real car? He just looks at the back. All in all, the film is boring. No action. There are very few cars. The movie is stupid. I've never seen an original, but I'm planning. I give this film 1 star of ten.
