WARNING: REVIEW OF PICTURES SPOILERE There is a parallel universe where Gone In 60 Seconds is a dark, sharp, controversial independent film. Unfortunately, in this dimension, Gone ... is unbridled, empty, testosterone spurred by moronfest with Nicolas Cage. For reasons that are worthless to indulge, he and his large number of friends have four days to steal. fifty expensive cars, of which only one has an alarm. This crew consists of a guy with funny ears, which is said to be the new Superman; the guy who led the electricity in the X files; Former professional footballer and two black male symbols. Their enemies are cops, rival thieves and Bilborough from Cracker, his Manchester accent is conveniently balanced and extended to an American audience that is now accustomed to this kind of thing from Daphne in Frasier. There is also Angelina Jolie, who has no character; except to be a receiver for male sexual desire. She and Cage should be old flames, which is strange because they never have anything to approach a normal conversation in all films that last longer than 135m. In fact, the characterization is so bad that whenever it's necessary everyone has a "moment" when the violin plays in the background to emphasize the "emotions". There is no spoiler to discover that Vinnie Jones (who recreates his famous Paul Gasgoine by "hand" maneuver and is quite dangerous when quiet) gets only one line; not because his inability to speak is integral to the plot, but because his eloquent summarizing the suspicious morality of the film after appearing mute all the way through it is ridiculous. Allegedly. After breaking through it in his "not-acting-but-doing-do-it-to-go" London to pull off, Cage tries "I always thought you were from Long Island". My ribs, as you can imagine, are well and really tattered. In fact, humor is the most refined aspect, from a tactile comedian to two characters of black characters. This sees the greatest aspect of Hollivood; why a black man can not appear in a big movie without being constantly aware of the tone of his skin and endlessly appealing to him? A younger man, who, like the elderly, is talking for the whole time, says: "Black people do not like us cold ... we are tropical people." Then she continues to express the need to smoke the wrist and look at the roots. He, of course, parodies the image of the blacks, but how ridiculous is that? His older colleague can not speak without calling himself, and thus his own color, in the third person. "My black ass" this, "my black ass" it. Does anyone know the black people who actually say so? The thought is not. Soundtrack movies are played almost non-stop and with increasing amounts, some of the songs - especially the Apollo 440 "Don't Stop The Rock" - are so loud that they are actually more audible than sound effects and dialogue. The environment system even separates these two to such an extent that it makes them sound like two different films that work together. There is no concept of background music here, it is a sound equivalent of trying to watch a movie, while someone on the back of the cinema has full sound. "Drop that music, young man!" This is not the worst movie in the world and in many ways I enjoyed it. Only as predictable, lazy and foolish, with minimal effort in building. It is obvious that the expectations of the treasury are significant for this film. After several years of feeding garbage, the public seems to be waking up.
