This film should be shown to students of film schools as an example of what should NOT be done. The original hit some big asses, this terrible catastrophe breaks the main rule of Bruckheimer movies, which is: we all know they're bullshit, but they have a big deal. This movie has no action. The film is boring. Where are the cars? Where are the chases? Where is the tension? Where is uncertainty? Where's the rush? Where!!?? This is not a movie at all, it's a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? That's wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is it? Head heads are rigid, wooden and forced. Zlikovac, a policeman, the rest ... who cares. They say their meaningless lines, they serve an illogical plan. They break through it the best they can, because the director of the music video says, "Do not worry, we'll make many quick cuts and no one will notice how bad the movie is" or "We'll fix it with lots of voice" Script is not a script at all. more like a list of clichés with an ending which is a total ripoff of: ------- Warning - a possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 - ---- 1 ------ Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the insufficient use of Vinnie Jones, man ... this is the worst, sweetest moment of Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what are they doing? They make him a bit barely in the movie! Let Vinnie be the main loser and he could save the movie. How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is very fun with a cool trick that ultimately brings the driver. The original has a great 40-minute pursuit! Find the original. Or, if you want some real action, rent RONIN. Potera in Ronin raised a bar that now will evaluate all other car runs. Bruckheimer and Cage had all that money, all those resources, all that experience, and can not even come close to agreeing a film made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How is it possible, how can it be? You feel like you robbed after you saw this movie. Where I was once excited to see Coiote Ugli, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
