DR. SEUSS 'HOV THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS / (2000) ** (out of four) If you want to see a holiday movie that will inspire your seasonal drinks and continue the traditional classic story Dr. Seuss, you do not see "Dr. Seuss" How Grinch stole Christmas. "If you're old enough to read this review, then you're probably too old to get any enjoyment in this movie. It contains a multitude of colors, creative design design and imaginative construction and costumes, joyous sounds of load, and characters are made to look like real the inhabitants of the fictional village of Vhoville, unfortunately, there are the positive elements of the film ending, the rest of production is nothing but an excuse for Jim Carrei to shake on the screen while giving a devil smile as he spreads through an overly broad scenario without much work. Many people recognize the story that grinch stole Christmas from Vhoville, so I will not waste my time writing a detailed synopsis for reading. However, I will say that the story of the film is done in three great works, the development of grincha and setup, the Vhoville Festival, and the vision of Dr Seuss about the one who plagued who is from Christmas. "" There are many famous names here, but there are no known faces. "As in" Battlefield Earth, "I simply can not see why producers would hire expensive actors their identities were protected by unrecognizable makeup and costumes. Nevertheless, there is Molly Shannon SNL like Betti Lou, Bill Irwin's wife, later Lou Lou, father of little Cindi Lou, starring Tailor Momsen. Jeffrei Tambor is mayor of Vhoville, Anthony Hopkins gives his voice to the narrator of the film, and Christine Baranski is Grinch's lonely lost lover. Film makers are trying to bring the originality of the story by adding unnecessary backgrounds and focusing too much on little Cindy Lou. The scenario by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seamana seems to be going all over the film landscape; Director Ron Howard has little or no focus, and the script is predictable, overwhelming and fictional. The only character that gives any difference here is Grinch himself, all other characters are dolls of action, shapeless and uninteresting. And the dialogue is exaggerated and exaggerated to be nothing but a pathetic one. Example-Grinch: Oh, co-manit! Factor redeeming factors go to gifted producer designer Michael Corenblit, costume designer Rite Riack, and an extensive makeup department. "How Grinch Stole Christmas" is a very nice production. The sets and atmosphere created by filmmakers are detailed and imaginative; it's as if the audience is visiting the world like in a dream. The people of Vhoville are embroidered with makeup, to the point where we can not say that the actor recites a humorless line. Although blindingly, I really can not boast of performance, because they ended up looking at the expensive technical department that will occupy their place. Jim Carrei is one actor I can talk about. Its performance is what almost destroys the film itself. He is too egotistic as Grinch, too exaggerated and comical to make the story almost recognizable as the work of Seuss. Surprisingly, although there are some funny moments due to a few crafty smart sequences, no laughter comes from Jim Carri's nonsense. It's almost as if the film was written specifically for Carrie to overrule his part. This factor leads the film to a wild, but foolish comedy, which is just the pale shadow of the original Christmas classic "How Grinch Stole Christmas." After this film, historians should check the suitcase of the late author, Dr. Seuss may have rolled over in his grave. <br /> <br />
