Someone once asked Dr. Seuss if they could secure film rights to his 1957 classic Christmas classic. How Grinch stole Christmas. He rejected them, insisting that no one could do better than the amazing Chuck Jones's 1966 TV specialty (also bearing in mind, perhaps, his bitter script writing experience until 1953, 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T). When a good doctor died in 1991, his widow, Audrey Geisel, still stubbornly refused to sell film rights. But with the usual use of CGI effects becomes a reality, Mrs. Geisel has changed her heart. Universal gave her the generous offer she accepted; she also accepted the casting of Jim Carrei as the title character. Allegedly she was pleased with the final result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, that's one of us. The film received a $ 123 million budget (which is more than the cost of the Sky Gate, including inflation for inflation), which obviously went to the elaborate makeup, scenery and special effects (which were undermined a bit murky cinema). Unfortunately, it seems that none of this money has been set aside to get a better scenario than Jeffrei Price and Peter S. Seaman (Vho Framed Roger Rabbit's sculptures, which did much better Use Since a special TV show was 26 minutes without ads, this movie is trying to fill the 105-minute duration with more information about Grinch It turned out that as a child was the subject of ridicule, including the particularly degrading experience of one Christmas at the age of 8. So it turns out that everything that is troubling our poor Mr. Grinch is directly due to the Man. The problem is that it looks like a pretty long 105 minutes , with too much dead wood k This may not seem so bad that only Grinch was a little bit more ... well, Grinchi. The character Dr. Seuss wrote and Chuck Jones was later animated was a cunning fox whose hungry attempts to hijack a holiday undermined by his sudden change ( and exponential growth) of the heart. Carrei Grinch is a loud, hyperactive dumbbell, and sometimes a robber who, when he makes the holiday 'Cheermeister', fights the city square of Vhoville in anger. (I hope the landscape tasted good appearance ). This undermines the scenario's attempt to make Grinch more sympathetic, and all those who are in Vhoville are so insensitive (at least in this interpretation). Vizila Vhovillea Dr. Seussa was a small town inhabited by honest people who in their hearts knew the true meaning of Christmas. Vhoville film is a rather noisy and crowded place inhabited by spoiled, selfish, materialistic nineties; an obvious attempt to comment on American consumerism. This is insultingly hypocritical, because the film industry has greatly benefited from American consumerism, and how this film contributed to him by huge sales campaigns. The film also expands and redefines the character Cindi Lou Vho, a small but crucial figure in the original. An innocent two-year-old homeless woman who entered this fake Santa Claus is now older and wiser, constantly questioning the false values ​​of Man and trying to grasp the Grinch's point of view (her main scene from the original is again adopted), making it look out of character). She looks the only one who would ever know that Christmas is more than a gift and decoration, which makes it completely different, and more boring, character. Those celebrating Christmas should first accept the charcoal burden in their socks in the morning of December 25th, but a copy of this long, overworked, rough, rough attempt to turn the children's boots. classic in a feature film. Once and for all it proves that darkness, vulgarity, manipulation and a heavy hand are an inadequate substitute for charm, wit, sincerity, and heart. People in the University should go down to their collective knees and thank God for the fact that this really ill bomb of $ 123 million has earned $ 260 million in the country or would not be here today. Moreover, Mike Miers' Cat in the hat has made it possible!
