If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, his theme was (literally) suppressed by the emphasis on the "special effects" of characterization. Almost as if trying to "keep pace" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney discarded the character's approach, a film-in-a-message in favor of Rat's from Star Wars. with stereotypical heroes and villains. Art is cartoonized and manufacturers think they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) of flying fishing boats and submarines to fill the void. They made mistakes, and the days of beautiful, hand-made animations quickly fly through the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. This film is all spectacular without heart. Sometimes the movie is about to be a good, worthwhile film, but frustratingly misses the label so many times to get out of the conversation about something meaningful and instead to opt for that shine. Another problem with the movie is pacing. It begins to be confusing and then begins to rocket along with the optional style of editing the story. The spectator hurried to the door with Milo Thatch (well pronounced by Michael J. Fox) and he remained thinking, "There must be terribly many things that will happen when we get to Atlantis." Unfortunately, there is not much going on. The secret of Atlantis remains secret because the narrators do not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. The colors are bound to say where Atlantis is, even in the fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is assumed, even from a purely fantasy point of view. The spectator will leave the theater and wonder: "What is this about? What is the meaning of the film? Why do the surviving Atlantis can not remember how to read when many of them survived the disaster to" the present day? "And why Atlantis sank then immediately begin to forget what they have seen. There is nothing more to think about or to turn over ... except for the loss of money in their banknotes. The characters and their motivations are equally inconceivable From the eccentric Zillionaires who he established an expedition with seemingly larger money that was on purpose The planet is a collection of strange, two-dimensional people anachronistic (for 1914), P.C., race and gender. Conversations with demolition experts seem to be came from the short dragon of the Varner Brothers Most of the jokes are grossly unambiguous, which the audience generally misses for two reasons: they are delivered at the speed of lightning and are usually mumble. It's hard to believe that these players support a moral turn around the end of the film. While we welcome Disney to try to make animated adult films - and this is the first Disney to have cute, talkable animals or objects - can not make a transition. Younger children will be scared of some action scenes and be left in the dark with a large amount of subtitles (when characters say Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people were killed without thinking. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you do not know who these people are, why would you care? Again, the film has no feelings at any level. Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney and made exceptionally well. Unfortunately, Atlantis returns to those unsuccessful attempts in the past such as the Black Kotal and the humpback Notre Dame. Disneys should return to their roots. The continuation of Peter Pan is coming soon, but you never know what the results will be until you see it yourself. And now that Disney has discovered scientific fantasy, he hopes to realize that this genre must have more than a spectacle. We also hope that the upcoming "Treasure Planet", the science-fantastic adaptation of "Treasure Island" Robert Stevenson, will have more heart than an inconceivable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire."
