Follow the usual formula for introducing a new recruit - this time the first African American (Cuba Gooding) after President Truman desegregated the Armed Forces - through a training program for the diver of the US Navy who runs the racist DeNiro. If the program was not bad enough, it must be located in Baionne, Nev. There is nothing wrong with the performances. Robert De Niro activates his Southern accent and effectively shouts nonsense. Cuba Guding, raised by a strict father as a poor black farmer in the south, is a expected pattern of righteousness. Girls - which can hardly be called women - are Charleese Theron and Lonette McKee. They have fewer roles and are generally there to claim that their people need to have common sense. Other decent performers - Povers Boothe and Hal Holbrook - have even more superficial roles. It's all. Almost everything else could have been composed of computers. The ship is called a ship. Robert De Niro welcomes indoors, discovered. After a brutal attack on hospital staff, he was transferred from his equipment instead of caught. Someone shouts "I'm leaving from here" in the early 1950s. (Perhaps this was a common expression at that time. If so, "my bad.") People turn to each other in the act - "lieutenant", "Boatsvain's Mate", "commander", as they do in the army, The Navy is a simple "Mister" (if the officer is) or is addressed to their surname (if registered). I did not try to check whether in 1950 the ranking was named "senior chief boss". Cuba Gooding has a difficult queue for bathing. Everyone in the Navy seems to hate black people except one type from Visconsin. He kicks and holds in the disdain of others in his class. It's like a scene in the "House of Animals", in which the applicant is asked to wait for the brotherhood of tones to wait in the room with a sikh, a blacksmith and a blind child. Gooding is a registered Man, another clerk. He managed to marry a beautiful woman who had just finished a medical school. In one of her arguments she stands for him. She just wants to be a doctor and join her, to leave the navy, and lead a quiet life. "And let your life pass you?" He said. Yes. Yes, just be a doctor's wife and let your life pass you. You can swing it from a golf course in Boca Raton. These types of shifts were sufficiently common in World War II. "Bombardier", "Airial Gunner", such things. Cheap as they were often, they had some educational opportunities. You learned something about becoming a bomber or a gunman. The technical details were skipped here, perhaps because the writer did not know anything about them (except Boile's law, which we learned in high school). I could not follow what is happening during some emergencies, without which such a film would not exist. If I understand the mechanical problems well, that's because I have guessed correctly. No way is not help. The film is abundant, so many people lose any dramatic influence they could have. Emergency situations are confusing because they are poorly focused. Why go further? Would you like to see a better example of this type of film? Almost everyone will do it - except perhaps "G. I. Jane", in which heroin hero was abused. Try camping in "Young Lions". The victim is the Jew. Or try "From Eternity to Eternity", which does not push a light button for sympathy, and the victim has grown up a man who refuses to bend and who is active in bringing conflicts, just like "Cool Hand Luke." There are no easy pronouncements because light words are too light. They are thoroughly formulated and not well made.
