If you do not mind being emotional, then this film will not bother you. On the other hand, if you enjoy British criminal secrets, following the clues and seeing how they are logically standing at their end in the end, you will be very disappointed. Here are some logical inconsistencies to this disappointment: # While the police use CCTV cameras early to collect clues about the mystery, the huge truck that stopped and blocked the look of children before her disappearance does not catch Camera. This is a critical part of the mystery. It is inconsistent to have a car that children are caught on the camera, not a big truck that is so critical to the mystery. The film goes on a long journey to show the sophistication of tracking equipment. reducing the movement of children, but misses the opportunity to use the same sophisticated equipment, searching for vehicles that may have entered the crime scene from locations visible from the camera next to the crime scene as part of the development trail. In England, the ride is on the left side. The director is leaving him on the road to park the crime park right, a few meters from the kiosk with flowers, can easily park right behind, or even on the side; Like a huge truck did. The forensic medicine team is so pedantic to find a rejected cell in the sewage drain a few miles from the scene of the crime but can not find any blood evidence from head injury right at the scene of the crime, although provided the scene only a few hours after the disappearance and no rainfall. Search dogs were not used at all to find missing children; This is from a country that is well known for developing a dog for hunting and hunting. * It is illogical that such a highly publicized story would not lead to the allegedly innocent truck driver who stopped at the flower kiosk. * It is illogical that the mother would go to such extreme situations and spend so much effort to leave traces of carpet fibers under her fingernails for her potential murder investigators? the same - while she just could not get out of an unprotected mobile home. If she had enough meaning for her to ask her daughter to get carpet fibers under her nails, she could ask her daughter to call for help or even leave the mobile cottage in a crowded apartment building. > <br /> * The suspect who kidnapped a little girl was shown to be mentally slow / diminished - justifying his unconscious dying mother? but he was smart enough not to cooperate with the police and also fully exercised his rights not to incriminate himself. It has more of these inconsistencies that will lead to the disappointment of the real lover of the mug. 'Five days' is a very bad British crime story.
