I thought Vhat's Nev Scoobi-Doo was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry I must say that I did not like it), because Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and took a drastic step from the old series. When I heard that "Shaggi and Scooby Doo Get a Clue" in my work, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew this performance would be bad, if not worse. I've watched a few episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed". Scooby and Shaggi are no longer going to people wearing masks of cold, creepy monsters that rob banks. Now they are going to be a typical villain who wants to destroy the world. Both Shaggi and Scooby-Doo have become brave. Also, since Shaggi will NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, will not speak Shaggi. He will only hear Shaggi if he does not eat meat, and that was just a stupid change made by the corporation to update the franchise, as if Internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (who was previously pronounced Red Herring at "A Pup Named Scoobi-Doo") votes Shaggi here. Believe me, the voice is really bad! It makes Shaggi sound like a 10-year-old, and I have to agree that the voice definitely suits his new ugly look. However, Kasem says Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look so good. It looks like it's designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo from live movies. Also, Scooby's voice Frank Velker (I have to mention Brain the Dog again?) It's still not improved. Robbie, a robot butler, is practically worse than Scrappi-Doo! Trying to be funny and real "comic" impressions and giving tips for safety ("Remember the children, do not stand under the trees during the thunder!"), But they just do not fit into the Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, the sound effects of Hanna-Barber are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning strikes twice", they use the thunderbolts of the "Thunder Thunder" during it, almost to a great extent! Scooby Doo has not yet used the sound effects of "Castle Thunder" since 1991. But my question is, why use the "Castle Thunder" on Shaggi and Scoobi Doo Get a Clue, "while you DO NOT use it on movies directly in the video or even" Vhat's Nev Scoobi-Doo! " "(Two episodes of the VNSD used it, and that was not enough, unfortunately.) If VNSD and DTV movies were used, then they could be better than this shitty cartoon film. The day it was premiered, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad that I turned it off after only five minutes! To get rid of my thoughts from this poor performance, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoi!" which came out at about the same time. "Pirates Ahoi" is actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "What's new, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like a new di films that direct the transmission of videos that appear while this broadcast uses the usual character design, luck. But, whether you love or hate "What's New Scooby Doo", I do not (Oh God, I hope that the old Scooby-Doo cartoon will stay better than this new $ # *%!) In any case, like the VNSD, it's a really bad addition to Scooby Doo canon.
