Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and favorite characters in the world. So what happens when you were everywhere and did everything with the formula? Turn it on? Wrong. Stop the production and leave it to rest for a decade and then restart it, keeping the core of its success intact. In other words, stick to the formula, but add your special taste. This is for me the reason Vhat's Nev Scoobi Doo has worked, they want to return to the classic formula Scooby Doo that has only appeared a decade earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but for most of them there was not the beginning of "Scooby Doo Where You Are". The first sign (for me) of bad deals is involving foreign characters; there could be some nice memories of the past iterations, but in general, if you think "Scooby Doo" you do not mean Film-Flam, Scrappi Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse yet, excluding other key members of Misteri Inc. generally points to a group of producers who do not understand from the child's point of view how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to gathering and through their own individual, stereotypical characteristics manage to overcome the tasks they have handed over. if you want: I hope that I can explain why I think that the deception around the basic elements of the play is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how they contribute to the whole; Fred represents the driver, I think that Fred's general purpose is to give direction, organization and sub-tasks to the group. Fred is not a happy teenager, he's your boss, your teacher, your dad, your authority. Fred moves without hesitation and runs the task (the problem is always equal to the solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is an antidote to Shaggy. Shaggi is your best friend, the guy who is just a little more afraid of things than you are, he allows you to be brave, not to be in the background of the pack. Shaggi represents an emotion and often shows emotional extremes from elation to fear. Velma represents rational thought, applies logic, but as we see it over and over again, it requires indications that in most cases it is collected in parts of other members of the show. Am I left Velma to solve the mystery? The group is often in situations where truths are not obvious and only by accidental encounters reach the necessary information to complete their task, Daphne is the chance. At one point (I think it was the first Scooby Doo series), it was known as "the danger of danger". The writers used Daphne to connect unrelated events together through an accident. She is often the one who finds a secret door, a collection of objects, or some other detail that can help the gangs to tie the tracks together. Finally, Scooby presents us, the participants. He is always at the center of the event, capable of all that the rest of the gang is capable of, and yet handicapped, because it is not human and similar to us, the television viewer is not able to truly participate. Scooby Doo works because all of these personified problem-solving elements are instantly recognizable and fun. I may have been thinking too much, but in my life I saw a lot of Scooby Doo (as a 30 year old self-proclaimed dumbbell, he's kind of rolling around with the territory). For me there is a spell with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be messed with. As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great artwork, nor is it completely banal, it belongs to the programming category that young eyes can watch with a cordial breakfast cereal bowl. Thinking of raw simplicity turns him into something else, a little less.
