First, let's get out of the way. . . Yes, this film steals LOT from 'Darkness Falls' (2003). The action of 'Falling Darkness' goes like this: Tooth Fairi, a murderous woman who hides her face for mischief, kills people who watch her from revenge. In 'The Tooth Fairi' (2006), the mutilated Tooth Fairi (which, hiding his face) releases his fierce vengeance on almost everyone. A bit too similar to be accidental. But what must be asked is: If you are going to steal the exact action from the movie directly, why choose something central as "Darkness Falls"? He must have made a few bucks in the box office, but this was solely due to the good theater experience that the film had delivered. A low-budget movie, right in the video, will not have the same effect. And it's not. As I watched the opening of the 15-20 minutes of the film, my expectations were actually increased. There seemed to be at least some production. The story did not seem terrible, only attacked. The first scene passed, we got a good character figure, including a former mystery doctor (played by the guy who looks like Busei) and some hot veterinary student (Jenifer from the Argentine 'Masters of Horror: Jenifer'). However, after these few minutes, the film slowly descends into the drain. Serves all the basic terrible clichés, including, but not limited to: a crazy old person with an unwarranted warning, an inconspicuous athlete, a psychiatrist and a golden heart stripper. One of the biggest problems of this film was the inability to hold the target audience. It's as if the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for any character that was on the screen at that time. When adults were on the screen, he had a mature feeling. When Star (stripper) and what was on the screen, the dialogue went down to a dull, sinless, immature level. When the child was on the screen, it felt like an episode "Are you afraid of the dark?". . . just less scary. Technically speaking, the film is everywhere. Visual ranges range from pretty good to simple boring. Writing is downplayed, as well as acting for the most part. On the plus side, there are some exaggerated ups in parts (including a rather cool (but painfully predictable)) woodworker scene and a pretty nasty scene of nailguns. Also, if you are looking for something of sexy stuff, there is a short scene in Toples (but if you want to see this girl in Toples, there are better movies for that). Besides, when it comes to this movie, there is not much to be bothered with. If you are a big fan of 'Darkness Falls' (do they exist?), You may be able to check it out. to see the story in a different way. . . But that's the only reason I can find this to see.
