When I saw this cover of the film, the first thing I thought was that it was made for a video. The other thing that came to my mind was that it looked like this in another horrible Darkness Falls movie, the story of this stupid witch who killed people in the dark. Unfortunately, Darkness Falls was a real masterpiece in relation to this bunch of garbage, and this film should not have been made. The film begins with a small story for a witch, or, more like, the meaningless representation of two small children who will meet the tooth fairy in hopes of giving them a new great bicycle tooth. Opening is poorly recorded, and like the rest of the movie, it's certainly not scary. At the moment, the film is about Lochlin Munroe. Peter rented his house, and his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West) and her daughter, Col, came to stay there. Cole meets a child from the neighborhood, and they talk about Villa Tooth, and you should not lose a tooth, or they'll come for you. Unfortunately, a few seconds later, it seems that Zubić villa steals her bicycle and throws her tooth (How ironic). Will Cole survive the wrath of Will Zubi, and whether her mother and Peter will be able to save her and burn her romance again ... this is a bad movie, probably it could figure it out. One of the main problems with this idiotic movie is how the Zubic Fairy is undefined. They say they kill you if you lose a tooth, but no. She's more like a serial killer who kills randomly, and if you lose a tooth, you will definitely leave. She stole a bicycle, so she is a thief. I said earlier that the idea for this film is based on Darkness Fall, but where did they get the inspiration for the look of Tooth Fairies? Let's see. It looks like a victim of burns, and has previously visited the neighborhood and slaughtered children. Hmmm ... it's almost like she's a real fraudster Freddy Krueger from the movies "Nightmare on Elm Street". And this is not the worst part of this terrible clutter, it's the highlight. This movie may have the funniest climax (Not literally funny because I found it sicker than funny) I've ever seen. You do not see this. Just a little triviality. Lochlin Munroe was in Scari Movie, and Jianna Ballard was in Scari Movie 3, both of which were in this, so Scari Movie stars are forced to end their career with bad films. : 1/2 from ****. 80 min. R for violence.
