Darcy and her young daughter Pamela travel to a country where her mother Peter left her doctor's position in the city to become a writer and fix the inn. Although this inn has a horrible past and Pamela learns from a girl who lives in the city that a once-deformed witch had been staying in that house. They called it Zubic Fairy, because they would kill children after getting the last tooth. This work at the inn awakened the 'Tooth Fairy'. She now has a look at Pamela and her latest baby tooth, but if found in some way, they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. This old folk myth of 'Tooth Fairy' does not work. You paint it in a very generous way, as you would when you were a child. Do not they just like to turn memories from a happy childhood into nightmares! Another one that belonged to the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the rooms, because I did not see the last one, but mostly I read that they basically had the same idea. For a bit directly on a DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images that surround the senseless and traditional device for the book. Low expectations are needed, because I would not call it success, but I think it's a little fun. Cori Strode and Cookie Rae Brovn story or background for this character 'Tooth Fairi' is completely bare, because it is more inclined towards the vehicle slasher than anything really supernatural. Sly is a good way to describe what is happening in this poorly scripted story, but it never feels like a fabulous horror. Dialogues may seem rather superfluous and morally persecuted. While the act is simply backing up with the mild characters they have to work on, but director Chuck Bovman offers some inventive blood stains and terrible nasty strokes. This species compensates for the lack of uncertainty, zero fears, and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he receives atmospheric illumination that agrees well with his photograph. The promising starting scene is very effective. Its speed can slow down in some parts and there is a strange and unnecessary slow-motion scene inserted, but nevertheless, it never converts to something that happens, which ensures that I'm not bored. Special effects of makeup have provided the goods because they have enough reflective pulp and the look of Tooth Fairies is especially flaky. The teeth of Fairi's teeth may look threatening in their black dress, sparkling makeup and fast movements. Being at the site helps to get a more natural feeling and can become atmospheric rich in your sense of gloom. Children's actors can be incredibly boring, but Nicole Munoz was decent. Lochlin Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but they can be a little too causal in their performances as Peter and Darcea. Superbly beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles appears in a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn of the evil that lurks in the inn. I thought it was a good time pitcher that has a good concept, which is just not sufficiently exhausted and execution is quite interesting. A nonsense that can be watched, but at the same time extremely forgetful.
