Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in northern California where Peter Campbell (Lochlin Munro) brought agricultural estate, which renews and plans to convert the inn, and joined him and his girlfriend Darci Vagner (Chandra West) and her young 12- old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who comes to help for the weekend. While investigating the property, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard), which warns that evil lurks in her new home, tells the story of an evil old witch known as Zubi villa which takes children's teeth and then kills them. . Pamela is worried and it becomes even more when you fall off a bicycle and her last baby tooth falls out, it was not long before the evil spirit Tooth Fairy takes a look at Pamela's tooth and just for kicks, which she also decides to kill anyone I came across .. . <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman thought that the Tooth Fairy just another poor film for horror movies that are no different from countless others that emit shelves for shops fill out late at night confusing schedules cable television, basically it It's not very good. Screenplay by producer Stephen J. Cannell, Core Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 minutes, nothing of great interest during this period in general, and actually bored exposure as if this thing takes anyone by surprise. It represents character, sets the Tooth Fairi legend, and that's it. The other half of the movie improves slightly, but even then it's not quite a spectacular thing, there are several decent scenic scenes, but in addition, it's all very predictable and unforgettable. The characters are not great and most of them are there to kill them, the story has inconsistencies such as the story of Villa Tooth itself, she says she kills children after giving her teeth, so why go on a non-selective killing that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to her after the prologue set in 1949? Why did she return like a ghost? In spite of being a kind of spirit, it seems to be very human and must open the door itself and use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to exploit supernatural elements other than spooky kids playing for maximum mood. Director Bovman is fine, it's pretty well made and has several semi-decent scenes, but nothing that could provoke this excitement. There is nothing here that I would describe as scary or atmospheric and I will not notice the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls (2003), because they are quite different in addition to their teeth. Gore is wrong, someone is pushed into the machine for cutting firewood, beheading, someone has cut off the penis and the best scene when someone nailed to the door and then their stomach open with an ax and their intestines <br /> <br /> Sa The supposed budget of about $ 1,500,000 Tooth Fairi is generally well made, but there is nothing special here. Acting is nothing special, but it's not bad and unusual I did not find children's actors who would be embarrassing, and that's something I suppose. right on the video horror rate that seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it could take 90 minutes if it's not too demanding, otherwise it's pretty bad and unforgettable.
