I needed to know when I looked at the box in the video and saw Lisa Raie - to me, she was a woman Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANI *. It's almost guaranteed that the movie will be bad (eg Congo) if Hudson is in it (with the exception of Ghostbusters movies, which are deliberately campaigning and bad). Despite my instincts, and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another movie "tour de force" starring Lisa Raie, I rented it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson Instinct" on the OZ and ended up watching a high quality series so I thought I would give this film a chance. If you are a fan of bad movies, it definitely has to see! This must be the most unusual funny movie I've ever seen in the longest time. The plot is pretty clear: sister Racheal (Monica Calhoun) killed a group of bandits (led by Bobby Brovna!) And, like many action films before that, she tied her weapons to ONE DEATH and promised to venge her sisters of death. To do this, she again gathers the title Gang of Roses (supposedly based on the true story of a female gang) and they go out and refresh and, by the way, there is some backing or something related to some gold that might be buried in the city . One nice thing I'll say about this movie is that from what I could tell the stars their riding and they looked great galloping. The Smooth (albiet inadvertently funny) scene? Look for them when they enter the character Stacy Dash or when Calhoun's character abolishes his vow that he will not tie his pistols (full of squeezed fists to the heavens) or the character Lil 'Kim, who jokes with the character Lisa Raie or the character Stacy Dash who was killed or Lil Kim's character assures the character Lisa Raie to join the gang or character of Asian Chick or Maci Grey saying: "Debt is paid", etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Left-Eie Bobbi Brovn, I can not even remember the names of other characters because I laughed so much when they were introduced. If the director went on parody and wide comedy, that would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he is trying to grasp this seriously without prior exposure, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is hard to work in a periodic piece), scenography, scenario writing, and a period of historical research (was it myself? were the purest people with the tiniest teeth in the old West? "Seriously, usually when I see a movie that is not so good, I wonder:" Could you have done better? "This is the first time that the answer to this question is unequivocal" YES! "
