Why did so many people go into Robert Moreair's "Up Against Them All" ("Contra Todos") at the San Francisco Film Festival? "It's about a killer," my friend said. "Well ... and that's the Brazilian," I added. Wonderful multicolored people, tropical weather, lush rhythms and gangster dance? No doubt they are enough. Someone forgot to tell us a small detail: this is a very bad movie, really pretty horrible, and as unfriendly to seeing it was badly made. How did "Contra Todos" come to visit Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, a number of smaller local festivals, and now also San Francisco? Obviously, due to the way the promotional process and the film festival circuit work. First of all, he won the first prize at the film festival in Rio, where he was named the best Brazilian film of the year. It must have been a bad year; they had many, much better ones. Then, short synopses in catalogs and imaginary whistle leads to crowded auditoriums, and - since the film is not shown anywhere and avoids a careful review of critics - continues to circle. The festival is blurred at the promotion and sometimes it is very popular. The Chicago Festival called "Contra Todos", "a speedball cocktail shot straight from Brazil" and called Claudia's boyfriend "a stud in a neighborhood like a poor man." Soninha is "Teodoro's daughter like a nymph as a teenager dealing with growing sexuality." The film is "shot with the urgency of an often handheld camera," and the director "is a true honest and tangible feeling of frustration caused by domestic despair and decay." The effect is "unbearably raw and sincere," and the film "rushes to the conclusion that is dead as life is shown." Not the best writing, but definitely suppresses excitement for a certain kind of potential viewers. Contra Todos refers to a killer, two affected men and a woman and daughter and a newly born Christian girl. It was shot in a ugly digital video without any talent behind the camera - mostly in a poor suburb, not in one of the "favelas" or the Brazilian city slams similar to the village, where, like "Black Orpheus", "Picot" and "Citi of God" made, not in Rio this time, but Sao Paulo. The hit with family problems is Theodore (Giulio Lopez) and his partner with the drug problem is Valdomiro (Ailtan Graca). Both actors have a little TV experience, as well as an actress who plays Theodore's blue wife Claudia (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenzo, who gives up her daughter Soninho. These actors can go through the back corners of several telenovelas. Who knows? - in a better-directed movie, they can be good too. In addition to them, there are some young men who hit Teordoro or, when busy, bandits of bandits. Directors do not work much, even though the camera increases their pores. Several observers, one at the Berlin Festival and one in London, saw the flaws of this film, but unfortunately, buried in the Web Hinterland. Henri Sheehan from Berlin noticed that "film" (his quotes) is "the worst video works". "It seems that the director chose the video simply because it was a cheap alternative to the film," Sheehan wrote, "and did not make any creative use of the new media" - he adds, he did something else creative. /> Sheehan pointed out the first big mistake of the film: "begins as a domestic drama that needs to be lifted when, half an hour in action, Moreira discovers that the father and one of his friends are a professional hit Waiting for thirty minutes nothing adds a movie , looks like a perfectly arbitrary decision and, at a minimum, a waste of time, but that's all that Moreira ever does, like a little kid who got a kit of tools for his birthday, and goes around banging everything in sight without rhyme, reason or skill . "Devastating, but true. Writing about the 2004 London Film Festival for Kamera.com, Metin Alsanjik tried to look at the positive side, but nevertheless rejected the lack of buying capabilities in calling the performance "easy-to-film" best feature. "Yes, very Easy, since everything is so bad. Alsanjac admits that "this low-budget, violent and insulting account of lawlessness in Sao Paulo is devoid of any sympathetic character, and as a result, hope. Too dark and cynical to talk about human condition, the movie does not help the poor subtitling .. "Alsanjak links the Todos counterpart with" Dogme "and Mike Leigh did not help. Apart from that absurd first half hour in which nothing does not redeem the boredom of our waiting for the first acts of violence - when they come, they just "strike everything in the eyes without rhyme, reason or skill" - Moreira clumsily tries to redeem his sudden finale by adding what appears immediately behind him, followed by an incredible ironic the final scene in which one of the characters marry. No doubt that the director wanted to show the "banality of evil" of a low rank in the working class, but he can not make the characters he sees generically revive for us. And the structure of the film shows that he also can not edit his material. (See the San Francisco International Film Festival on April 28, 2005)
