Do not misunderstand me, this is a horrible, cliché movie, but it's a delight for lovers of Olivia Hussei - very probably the most dangerous beauty ever for the mercy of the silver screen. One poster said she was embarrassed to watch - I wonder what his ideal woman looks like - Paris Hil-whore? Blockbuster should really set up a sub-genre for this type of film, since the plot of Fatal Attraction has become a genre in itself. When will the Blockbuster adopt the Adult section? It will fit nicely between the sections of the drama and the action, right? This film revolves around Olivia Hussei, who spends the night of passion with an unstable yacht owner who may have killed his ex-wife, which looks remarkably like Mrs. Hussei. This non-do-it-yourself continues to follow Olivia and thus makes her life alive-hell. I like Olivia Hussei, but I do not have sympathy for characters in movies that cheat their spouses, so I really did not cheer Olivia to get alive from this stinker. \ T (Don Murray and Anthony John Denison get involved in the shootings when Denison says he will not stop seeing Olivia, Murray's wife, because she's too good in bed. A shooter can squeeze a circle - I'll give you you are looking. PROVISION: $$ (Olivia is a queen of short nudity and supplies a little here. She has a love scene with Anthony John Denison and also has a scene of the show - remotely recorded.) <br /> <br /> STORY: $ (We've already seen this action - a hundred times, and often much better. The guilty when trying to decipher why this film was glu , is William Riyadh, the man's dialogue is a catastrophic and moronic reaction to the plot. These people, from the upper strata of society, speak as high school students - with the habit of sleeping during an English lesson. I put Riead on the list "Never-to-be-look-again ") ACTIVE: $$$ (the act was not" called "by the insiders, but was disturbed) Olivia Hussei is arguing to call Anthony Jonh Denison" strange "and" crazy "on his face when he begins to chase . Don Murray was basically just the one - his character was not extinguished, and Edward Asner, a great actor when he got something with a substance, is not used in this movie).
