On the surface, "Shov Me The Monei" should at least finish the full season. You've always had funny Villiam Shatner as your host, surrounded by a dozen baked beautiful long-range models that were collectively called "Million Dollar Dancers". You had knowledgeable competitors who had interesting stories about their lives and who probably knew a lot of interesting things about pop culture. And you had a lot of money! What went wrong? The format of this game was a failure. A good game should have at least two of three things: very simple rules, exciting pacing and the ability of spectators to play at home. The best, the most persistent have all three. Unfortunately, SMTM did not have any one. Rules for this game were among the most complex of any punctuality in history. . Let me explain how the game functioned, as short as possible. The competitor started with just one word or short phrase, then the letters A, B, C (subtle plug for the network?). Each letter was linked to a separate issue, starting with that word or phrase. When one competitor chose one of the letters, he could either answer the question or pass and choose another letter. If they passed, they had to look at the next question and had the same option. However, if they had adopted the second question, they were asked to respond to the third option. After they answered even before they learned that their answer was correct, then they had to choose one of the 13 dancers. on the scene, each with a different amount of money in the coil. They uncovered their amount in dollars (ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 250,000) and depending on whether the competitor responded correctly ... or answered wrong ... that amount would have been added or taken away from their path. Still with me so far? In addition, there was also a dancer who held something that was known as the "killer card". If you chose a dancer with a killer card and when you asked the right question, you were sure and the game continued. However, if you were wrong, you had one last question. If you have the wrong last question, you are out of the game. If you did it well, the game continued. There was no abandonment, there was no departure with earned money until you answered correctly six questions or you took six questions wrongly, or you have been in a hole that you can not make enough to get back. I realized? Okay! The biggest problem, as I have seen, was a complete lack of tension due to the design of the game. One competitor could ask questions for which he knows that they do not know them, and to answer many of the questions they knew, which made him even more pressing. Then they could still find a low amount, even after they knowingly missed the question, which meant that there was still no "drama". And the fact that they could have wrongly answered five questions and still have a chance to win was a big mistake. And the pace of the issue was deadly slow: often the questions were so obvious, it was ridiculous to try to create tension, as if there was any doubt in some of the most common answers. Pacing \ t The lack of any real tension at any time during the performance and these very complicated rules prevented this program from functioning, despite Shatner's terpsihoric talents.
