I do not see enough TV games to understand the SHOV ME THE MONEI appeal, but I suppose it has little attraction for the undemanding audience. A seemingly quiz, it offers competitors a huge amount of money to answer a few simple questions. However, its quiz elements play only a small part in the process, which I find to be complicated. For example, before answering a question, the competitor chooses which question to ask by choosing between random "A", "B" or "C" choices. Does this serve any purpose other than slowing down the game? It would be much faster to start with "A." Competitors can ask questions, but they must answer one of the three questions in each category. After answering the question, the contestant is asked to "lock" the answer - another delay tactic. The next task of the contestant is to appoint a woman of about ten crazy dancers in the cages to find a card that shows how much the question is worth. The correct answer adds a dollar card card to the total number of competitors; the wrong answer takes up the same amount. This long lasting step actually has some fun value, as it allows viewers to look better at the scantily dressed and monotonously lavish dancer. In the meantime, the competitor recalls that an unfortunate choice of "killer card" will immediately end the game. This naturally makes the competitor sweat and provokes new delays because the nervous participant is thinking about the sudden loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. My suspicion is that the possibility of a sudden disaster is the main audience of the show. Meanwhile, the whole process is even more slowed down due to a lot of empty jokes between hosts Villiama Shatner and competitors, along with occasional routine by caged dancers. All these delays burn up so much time that the audience can forget what the original issue is until the moment when the correct answer is discovered. Typical 30-minute episodes of JEOPARDI often go through as many as 60 questions. The first 30 minutes of the SMTM I was watching received only six questions (many of which relate to other TV shows). Nobody in a healthy mind would watch this show, because it's fun to play along with answering home questions. This leaves three possible reasons for watching the show. A. Br. A. Let's see how the competitor responds to being on the verge of winning a million dollars, just to lose everything in one go. B. B. Look at the beautiful young women who perform sexually suggestive dance routines. C. C. To enjoy the glittering Villiam Shatner. My choice is "B", but women are not long enough on the camera to justify suffering for an hour of this show.
