Why would anyone want to see it?! If this movie was posted on YouTube by teenagers, maybe I applauded a teenager who worked so much with my mom video camera. I could congratulate his family and friends for having done a good job. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced filmmaker, and that was, obviously, professional actors - making this film very, very sad. Sadly ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, he has a definitely direct video. He also has a narration and a play that only screams "unprofessionals" - how is it possible ?! The film is filled with a lot of corpses and blood. Normally, this would totally reject me, because I hate ultra-violent movies and I do not like to see all of this. However, since none of this is so realistic, it is tolerable. However, I must warn you that there are several scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with a kid throwing a radio in a bath tub looks at a naked and fry is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the psychos thoughts while fantasizing about killing women. With a level of misogyny that's pretty terrible. The people who wrote this are pretty sick - like killing women should be for our party. After a heap of absurd killings, the movie goes to a table in the dining room - around which a crowd of balls is in black hoods WITHOUT THE EYE! They say, with pride, about all the murders they committed and chanting. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure it was the purpose of the scene. Then, the film talks about various sexual crimes and murders, and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because people made this shit. And once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a ghastly German look as he finds people and kills them. By the way, since the film used what I must assume, professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen who obviously were Germans. As they tried to act like Americans, and the film was supposed to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audience watched this and admired it as a "realistic" acting, but it is obvious to every American that these people are not their Americans! Given that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), I wonder why someone would want to make some kind of "fan of film" for a sick threat?! I mean ... did this film mean a beer film? I just can not see someone else want to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate anyone to make such a dumb and abusive movie?! Countless and credited to be on the IMDb Bottom 100 list.
