Well, as Gete once said, there really is no point in trying to bring a negative judgment that seeks to be objective about "something that has a big effect." "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone into history as an impact on many of what has been done in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years and nobody is interested in the history of the film, certainly, it should not be disgusting from watching. However, to express a purely subjective assessment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost any other review that is set here and to tell people: "Do not look at it, anger." And I do not mean "sick and angry" because of the "human condition" or anything as general and profound as it is, because that's exactly the order that most critics have adopted in their complete praise of the film - "temptation to look at their merciless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and if she really succeeded in presenting a universal or even broadly relevant message of that kind, then the director would have a good reason to be content with himself, no matter how pessimistic his conclusions were. My beef with the film is more than not seeing that this long-term record of empty vanity and small issue is justified or justified by any generally relevant message in general. All three main characters are profoundly morally unattractive individuals: Alekandre to a large extent, of course, because we see far the most of it and because it rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe to the lowest degree, because we see the least of her. Alekandre's subordinate and pretentious monologues have some kind of fun value, of course, but the fun is thin as it is increasingly understood that Jean-Pierre Leaud probably did not even act with, with absurd remarks such as "un homme" beau comme un film de Nicholas Rai ", he really only reproduced the thoughts from word to word that were accepted as authentic and profound in the mood in which he, along with director Eustache, lived a dozen years of film. I suppose the tone of irrepressible superficiality and trivia was held through 100% fil maybe he worked as a long, sardonic comedy about a particularly shallow, junk and scornful mile after '68. What made, however, that this viewer was at least extremely angry with the director, it was his giving at least one long scene to Alexander and Veronica in which we are obviously expected to empathize and feel for them as if they are sharing the moral universe with us. If a man can get out of life in a flat and declare that he loves a woman, he sleeps (mostly in this apartment) with another, and runs around Paris proposing marriage with another third, well, well, suppose m so I can wish you luck in the world of dog-eat-dog who decided to create for himself. What, however, I can not, in the consciousness, even hear for a moment from him the Maudlin monologue in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same is true for the double Veronica, to whom we showed the drunkenness in the apartment, and even the bed dividing Marie and Alekandre and behaving there with infantile inconsistency, equally the most cruel and soulless cruelty. As I said, if "La Maman et La Putain" is intended to be nothing more than the portraits of Alexander, Veronica and Marie, three people who would never even acknowledge in their company, even half a decent person, let alone in their home, then I guess there is some sort of legitimacy in the bragging of the director because he is "unwavering" (although he even feels like "twitching" when someone deliberately decides to create such fundamentally repulsive characters that the film viewer can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and he seems to have succeeded in persuading generations of critics - that Alekander, Veronica and Marie are somehow representatives of human beings in general and the limit of the emotional abilities of human beings. This latter idea, however, is arctic and insulting nonsense. Indeed, there may be an inherent error and tendency towards tragedy in human relations in general, and especially in sexual relationships. However, the nature and degree of this incoherence and tendency towards tragedy can only be determined by people who are sincerely and seriously trying to make such relations work. Certainly there is no need for a kinematical or authorial genius to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like an actress will end up with hatred, miserable himself, or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like Alekandra will end. disappointed and outraged. Look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what went for culture and human interaction in a particular post-68 Paris milestone, which is probably, unfortunately, not limited to just a few particularly antisocial types like these. But, please, do not make a mistake because you believe that what is recorded here is of general importance to mankind in the way that it can be claimed that the film has Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
