It's easily the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating, I told the guy in Blockbuster to take him off the shelf. The only interesting thing about this movie is the box. The box says "from the Boogeyman Director" so I realized ... eh anything, if this is recently done, I'm sure the direction will not be too bad: - but after I saw the movie and looked at what it was about , about some nonsense from the early 1980s he made. A great way to enjoy the harmless viewers. Anyway, I think they just liked the name "Zodiac Killer", and did not try to investigate any of the Zodiac's crimes or his MO, or even for years when he was active. All the crimes they have spoken have nothing to do with Zodiac, and the "stories" of the original Zodiac happen a few years after the Zodiac crimes occurred. They also compare Zodiac with "Vampires from Dusseldorf" Fritz Haarman during the film and often talk to Fritz's "son." Zodiac and Haarman were nothing like that, and it makes sense to compare it with the BTK, which also shot people, not the man who killed people chewing their necks. None of Haarman's facts are right, only a bunch of silly nonsense. His son even says "Do not forget, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 t" ... His real name has only one! I think the writer / director simply knocked on google searches for serial killers and the fastest ones that appeared were Zodiac Killer and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh sounds like cool names, let's make a movie about them without any external research! Great idea!" Perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way in which experts and a young killer describe the suffering of DSM-IV and cure it. "I was diagnosed with DSM-IV and since then I have recovered," etc. For those who do not know, the DSM-IV is a psychological guide to mental disorders. If someone is suffering from the same book, then they must have some serious problems! Ha-ha. In any case, my point is that this goes to the bottom of my top 5 worst movies of all time, and it's rare that the movie ever reaches this point. But if you are interested in watching the story of serial killers, which is not based on facts and which is boring, full of inexperienced actors, and not completely rational, I would like to look at this film. Oh, and I liked the killer "drowning gas" a few of his victims with dry ice. Good addition ...
