Right to the point: "Groove Tube" is one of the most unusual, obscure and really terrible films ever made. This "comedy" is so empty from anything that resembles a trace of wit that it is almost incomprehensible that it is even made. I said almost because they are fans of all that. This film is not even "good" bad or "pleasant" bad. Putting this movie to the same level of entertainment as Plan 9 or Robot Monster would be a crime for these films. Such films can be watched and hit. But this film is so bad, so badly made, acting and scripted and so incredibly stagnant, that there is simply no trace of "camp" or "boat" that could be found. Although this was done before Saturday's Night Live premiered, the comparisons were probably inevitable. I am not a big fan of SNL, but this film is worse than the worst SNL you can find. And, man, that's bad. Only in order for the viewers to leave men, Shapiro often inserts a pair of breasts, but poorly shot breasts from 1974 will not excite anyone these days. The truth is that this film is so badly made and that such a sleeping excursion, but I doubt that they were excited in 1974. Man named Ken Shapiro made this film. I swear to God that every tenth year old with a video camera could have made something funnier and smarter. It's simply unrealistic - this is truly an incredible movie. "Jokes" and "gays" are so infantile that even boys who love Daddy's pornographic movements are not allowed to. I will give this movie one thing - the last sequence of the "dancing man" sequence, where the guy (Shapiro) dances to the melody in the streets of New York, it's easily the best thing in this horrible movie. It's not that "dancing man" is so good - definitely has his moments to not be smart as Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but it was actually a bit overlooked. Part of this sequence where a policeman starts dancing with a man is the only trace of wisdom in the whole movie. No wonder Shapiro set this line up for the last time - again, although not so great, he easily won anything else in this "movie". Otherwise, this film is so completely shit, inexplicable as to how a real human being can be so completely absurd. The name of this film should have been "Ken Shapiro's Craparama". It's amazing that this was done, but many really talented filmmakers can not get in. However, I will say that I bet that the geniuses at NIU will love this film. Total trash.
