First, I would like to emphasize that the reason why I gave this film a single star of 10 is because there is no option not to let NO! It's really so bad! I was never willing to see this movie after I saw commercials for him, because I eventually only saw it accidentally, because some of my friends had maps and they had one spare, so I marked them. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be genius - the premise seemed too stupid and stupid to do anything good out of it, but at the bottom of my mind I thought, "but there must be something good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson make for the film ... "not to think that either of them is particularly great, but they are great stars who would otherwise only work on films that would enhance their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes into the game I realized that the film was probably worse than I expected at first. I was shocked that the script was terrible. He really gave NINS actors to work, so much so that they looked like they did not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw an ad then you watched a movie pretty! And there was nothing original about it - it is borrowing a lot from every "super-heroic" story that has ever been acceptable and that would be acceptable for the film to be set up as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it is not. The direction seemed realistic. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to feel completely realistic, not satire at all, but there were some moments in the film that were so incredibly unrealistic to function as a satire. At one point in the film, two characters die, and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh, she's dead ... time to move on" and he says it in such a loud voice that he is completely lost. Does not make sense. I found a clock check after about 40 minutes to see how much I still have to sit. And then it came to mind ... I began to think "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to see if I can make the worst possible movie ever made, and still pull the big crowd ..." Do not imagine no other reason why this film would be made. To make the films made these days, the scenario is going to the process of massive screening and very few scenarios actually arrive at the production stage ... I can not understand how this was the first phase of the project ... end, and exceptionally, stupid stupid climactic, stupid I was laughing - not just because of what filmmakers wanted to laugh at, but instead of how ridiculous and stupid it was. Thank God I did not have to pay money to see him ... because it would really make me nervous! Oh, and can I just add that from the two brothers Wilson always preferred Luke, because I think he is a better, versatile actor ... but if he wants another step further into OVEN's shadow then that's exactly the way to do it. I doubt it will get more job offers after this shitty waste of 2 hours !!! and remember, it got only a generous 1/10 because I could not choose 0!
