I have to admit that when I went to watch this movie, I did not have great expectations. But even with my low expectations I was totally and extremely disappointed ... Basically, Luke Wilson is a hot shot that has a tendency to come up with a bit crazy girls. There is a slight mention of the girl who is chasing him, but that's pretty much for that character. What I do not mind, because it would probably be as undeveloped as the rest of the movie. So while in the subway, Rainn Wilson (whom I actually loved before this movie) convinces him to talk to a "hot" girl, Uma Thurman. It's the least weird, because everyone clearly sees that Uma Thurman does not belong to the category of "hot". The Rainbow Wilson performance is also far from "hot". I'm usually in for his acting, but even he could not save this film. His character was nervous, unrealistic and rather boring. You would never know if the writers were trying to make him a comic gai-type, or simply desperate. It was almost painful. But in any case, someone steals her purse while leaving the subway, and Luke Wilson is a charming rescuer running for the robber. Now we all know that Uma Thurman is a superhero, or "G-Girl" as she likes to be called in the movie. It still puzzles me about what "G" means, but let's leave it to the discussion boards. Sex sex I suppose you should be funny, but I find you wondering who has such a sex? They almost threw a bed through the wall for the "passion" of Uma Turman. It hurts my head, but not in "I'm thinking really hard to understand this." When Uma offended Anne Faris, calling her a "whore," I had no discussion with that. Apart from the fact that she can not properly choose movies, she can not act and rely on the fact that the blond is typical. All in all, I would leave the theater if I did not pay $ 8.75 to see it. The characters are typical and do not have absolutely no chemistry, especially Umu Thurman. Someone should tell her that just because you moved your head does not mean you're acting. some lighter fluid. Actually, I started to get angry with actors and their dying career. All in all, if you appreciate your money, and your respect does not waste time with this pathetic movie attempt.
