It's easy to see how this below-average script went through early sales meetings at Regence Films (and later with Fox): he crossed the superhero genre with a comic game to "Fatal Attraction" ... voila! I do not know how talented director such as John Reitman was involved on the ground, unless the salary was too tempting. A timeless worker in the architectural design company in N.I.C. met the girl in the subway and asks her to leave; in spite of the fact that he is distressed and unpleasant, he eventually puts himself in bed - only to find out later that she is a resident of a big apple, G-Girl. This Superman, with the powers given to her by the meteorite, is not a fantastic heroine, however ... The screenwriter Don Paine imagines her as a poor, possessive, vindictive bitch (it telegrates us from miles away, Uma Thurman still plays the role of sassi) . This is a kind of worthless movie that can not allow the insult to pass. Our introduction to the leading man Luke Wilson, in conversation with Rainn Wilson in the train, was accompanied by sour bathing for homosexuals (it encourages us to make sure that these two friends are strictly female men). After the G-girl's adversary, who wants to stumble over her, approached her, Wilson is said to be only a normal, despised woman ... and is not it anyway better? Thurman's early performances in films such as "Henri & June" and "Jennifer 8" showed an intelligent woman with a degree of grace and hypnotic attitude; her films with Quentin Tarantin helped to reveal her toughness and intensity, but this came at a price (the actor apparently lost her graceful touch). The picture was extremely well produced and recorded, with expensive, attractive special effects, but nobody tried to find humor in this scenario. It's aggressive, strenuous, ugly and bad. Filled, frozen face Wilson can not tell any of his associates to have fun with G-Girl because he made him swear he would rather have a chain saw on his rectum. I wonder if the writer Paine actually thought it was hilarious ... or, indeed, was anyone involved? * from the ****
