At what point exactly a good movie goes bad? When the movie goes from "visible" to "where is the & ^ @ _ + #! * OFF switch"? Thank God on DVDs like this one, which can be borrowed from the library - for free! Also, thank god for "fast forwarding" on a DVD player. I'm sorry for those people who were cheated at the box office. At one point (I forgot exactly when, because now it's all just blurred), our "hero", Luke Wilson begins to run. via traffic; I think he was looking for a cab. At that moment, when I gave up, I realized that he did not care if he had found a ride or that a garbage truck had run over him. Last time the movie was interesting when Luke Wilson climbs from the container, hair dryer in his hand, and first introduces "heroin", Umu Thurman. This scene was completed in such a way that the criminal who grabbed the bag helplessly hung from a fire escape far, far beyond the departing Luke and Uma. It was the last time that the movie was ridiculous, and when was that scene? Ten minutes in the movie? Every time the film tried to become "funny", he could not. Every time the film approached "excitement," it faded, moving in the opposite direction. When the music party could help to get out of life from this shit, the soundtrack was left blank and silent. Sex Sex was not needed and was exceeded; damage to sets and equipment is unnecessary and childish. When the Uma turned into a crazy former girl, I felt like I was watching "a 40-year-old girl meets the pulp fiction"; Then I realized that there was no return because I did not like the "40-year-old Virgin" and "Fiction of the pulp". Lucky Wilson's assistant, Rainn Wilson (also seen in the gloomy "The Last Mimzy") adds nothing but an offense to injuries in this terrible film. Rainn Wilson, the king of boredom on television, should stay with that equally terrible medium Hey, Rainn Wilson Every time Uma rivals, Anna Faris, came to the screen, I expected Jason or Freddy or some strange monster to jump out of the landscape, once you see Anna Faris in Scari Movie, it's everything you see, regardless of the film, regardless of the medium. The character that plays Vanda Sikes was was simply terrible and was so unsuitable in this movie.
