Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in Jenni Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, although she soon finds out she is needed and possessive, oh, and she is also a superhero G-Girl. even though she would not have known of the things she was doing to Matt after he was crazy and broke up with her. Promising premise is destroyed by central execution. My Super-ex-girlfriend is still a nice comedy, but she's relying too much on cheap sex jokes and ending up as an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? Actors and directors could not overcome the weakness of the scenarios and I did not like the way they performed it. I expected this guy to be a jerk and it could have been a movie about the revenge of a woman's fantasy. However, they made the boy sympathetic and made superheroes a psychopath. It was not so fresh and after about forty minutes, the film was welcomed. Of course, there were a few ridiculous lines, but the poor middle and terrible ending prevented her from really breaking through. Director Ivan Reitman has lost touch. After a successful work in the eighties and early nineties, he began to make shit like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that my super-ex-girlfriend is a complete failure, but I do not give him credit for the quality of the film, which is not too much. Don Paine has done a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame and most auxiliary characters were just one note. He also constantly used many of the same jokes that the thing seemed really tiring. Several actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was brilliant as G-Girl and had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think it's an attractive leader, and it's better to support roles like in a family stone. Anna Faris just worked the routine "Scari Movie" and it's getting a little old. She needs a challenge or at least a better scenario. Vanda Sikes is either a hit or a miss for me. She was great at Monster-In-Lav and she was bad at Clerks 2. She's just boring here and she does not bring any movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just boring and not ridiculous. All in all, I was disappointed with the film. It was not terrible, but he had so much potential and the final result was just so average. Rating 5/10
