WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (Not that you should worry about it. Also, apologize for the caps.) Starting with an unnecessarily dramatic voice that is so disturbing for talking nonsense, it continues with nonsense and unnecessary drama. It's bad but true. We know that space travel is a risky enterprise. There is a complicated system with many potential for failures, radiation, stress-related symptoms, etc., and unexpected things will happen in a rather unknown environment. They knew things could go wrong. In fact, things went wrong. It's called learning. However, Appollo 11 was not safe with today's standards and there was a huge political pressure, but the overall performance of the technology on the mission was impressive. Selected mistakes / comments I did not even look up: 1) Nixon has prepared a speech in case something goes wrong. Well, the ghost. I would do it. Finally, it was the peak of the propaganda war. 2) NASA gives the green light despite the fact that Appollo 11 will probably explode. (This is "only" implicit, though.) Yes, that's why they let people and watch their watches almost in real time. 3) The ejection capsule would not function. As if it had failed when the chimp was in it. The one who survived? It was a test drive and the rocket exploded, the capsule accelerated and dropped by the parachute. There is a video, you can probably find it on the iTunes or look at it somewhere. 4) An interviewed man says an explosion would destroy the fair part of Florida. I can only assume that this is meant as a hyperbole, because if not, I'm just horrified that he could have misunderstood it. 5) Technology was then primitive compared to today's standards. In fact, relatively primitive software and hardware are still used today, as this can not be crashed. It's even worse for space planes, because their computers must be made of relatively large components that are not subject to radiation. (The aircraft itself, however, must be manually manageable so that a complex control system such as B2 could not.) What about the fact that they used "TV screens" rather than "computer screens"? It's the same damn technology. In fact, TV monitors were manufactured with a much larger definition. 6) "If this object was not part of the rocket, it could be just one thing." We see where this is happening. Apart from the fact that the statement is wrong, who says that it was not a rocket part? At least one respondent explains that if something is flying and you do not know what it is, it is by definition an unidentified flying object. 7) Voice overruns as well as some misleading seem to be radiant foil made of hull. What would make him thinner than the space suit? 8) Near the death of Neil Armstrong during a practical flight is a clip that I can appreciate; I have not seen him before. As I said, any part of the manifest technology can be wrong, especially if it is not tested enough because it is, you know, unseen. 9) The disparity of the falling lander trajectory (due to the inequality in the density of the Moon) was not at all moment extremely dangerous to life. There were no "fifteen seconds remaining fuel", which, in fact, "remained fifteen seconds of fuel before it was supposed to interrupt the mission and return to the command module." 10) A "disastrous" event usually results in a catastrophe. I really do not know how to simplify it. This, however, is an excellent example of rhetoric used. 11) There is a short sequence of one of the astronauts walking around and jumping around as if a joyful kid, followed by a voice that tells us that the reason for this strange behavior "can now be detected." It turned out that he walked and jumped around as helplessly as a happy child. Funny things. 12) It is mentioned that every contact is lost during re-entry. This is a perfectly natural phenomenon and he was known at that time, because it is impossible to bypass modern technology. Again, gravity is implicit, but very deliberate. 13) There has never been a shuttle lost in the universe itself, while the loud speech represents this "fact" as evidence that Appollo 11 was a bunch of shit. Appollo 13 was close to losing, but two real catastrophes occurred during lifting and re-entry. Anyway, the comparison of shuttle's with Saturn's missiles is kinda ... fine, okay, just stupid. Even ignoring this, it seems that successful missions are not considered interesting for the audience. 14) What the hell is happening with UFOs? Even in the context of the film it makes no sense. Unless you assume it is made for fun purposes, directed at a particular audience (which seems to involve people without understanding history, science, or rhetoric). Even the point of the movie is somewhat ambiguous. There are phrases such as "covered so far", "publicly announced here for the first time," but the film does not blame or offer a lesson or anything that could be expected of a film that is so emotionally done. In the good old tradition of sensationalism, there are numerous recordings of interviews and footage of fragments that are often out of context or with people we do not know anything but "NASA scientists". Wow, so the astronauts were very nervous before trying? Fancy that. What does this have to do with the meaning of the film again? Oh, that's what the point. In short, apart from being either intentionally or incompetently incorrect, it's not even a good party. And believe me, I'm the guy who enjoys his shitty documentaries; this film is not funny, witty, weird, it's nothing.
