Now I love Bella Lugosia, do not misunderstand me, he is one of the most interesting people who ever made a movie, but he certainly had his part of the clunkers. This is just one of them. Lugosi plays dr. Lorenz, a doctor who received his medical license for unexplained reasons. However, he experiments that his wife would be young and beautiful. It has been revealed that she is 70-80 years old, and Lugosi looks in the mid-50s, why he is married to this old woman, he has never really been explained. In any case, these treatments or experiments involved giving brides who are on the altar in a marriage with some kind of sweet scent, and they are fainted. Then Lugosi and some of his assistants stole the body on their way to the morgues and taken him back to his lab where he is kept in some kind of suspended animation or catatonic state. Then the stolen brides have a pinned needle somewhere in their bodies, perhaps in the neck, and then the needle is struck in the Body of Lugosi's wife to return to youth and beauty. We never see where Lugosi holds a needle or what is pulling out of the bride, but somehow returns his wife. The wife screams a lot until she returns to her younger country. Helping Lugosia in his lab is the only good thing in this movie ... a strange old witch and her two deformed sons .... one son is a big stupid actor who likes to strok up daring brides, and the other son is a little little dwarf .. .. a small person, to be politically correct in today's world. That night, only three people are just stacking up and sleeping in Lugoshi's gloomy ones. These are 3 and how they became Lugosi's scared assistants, as well as many other things in this film, have never been explained. So, the female reporter has been assigned the task of discovering where all the stolen brides go in on one common thing among all the stolen brides is the orchid line that is located on them. So she asks around and she has been told that there is a world famous expert on orchids living nearby and who is exactly the one who developed this particular orchid. This expert turns out to be a creepy dr. Lorenz. He is quickly followed and disturbs his house of horror. I'm not sure where the police were during all this, but they came to clean after the journalist did all the dirty work. It seems that Lugosi's films always had some kind of unnecessary silly line, which made the whole thing stink in the sky. I mean a world-famous orchid expert to the bridesmaids by sending them doped is it known that the orchid itself has developed itself? D'OH! And then later it turns out that young ladies do not even have to be brides to get the procedure to work, so why does Lugosi hold the kidnappings of the brides from the highly-guarded churches for their experiments and create all titles and news titles? Why not grab a street prostitute like a normal freak? This one reminded me of another Lugosian stinker, "The Devil Bat" .... the same silly lines and bad acting and the same stupid "reporter gets a bad deal". But Lugosi is always Good - it's just creepy and evil enough to keep you interested enough to watch it. The woman who plays the reporter was just a horrible actor ... she did not have any emotions, she only delivered lines like a machine gun Everybody else was pretty ruined, when it was a good actor. But this thing is visible, at least for lovers of White Lugos. He must have known that he was doing a terrible picture, but he might have known that if he gave him everything he had, a little could go through all the bad plots and the bad acting that surrounded him. . And it was right ---- fans of horror we will always have love for White Lugos. He was in front of the camera. We gave you two f ** ks for you, Bella.
