Only the glandular secretions - and please do not ask for more details - about young virgins can keep the rapidly deteriorating body and mind of old old horticultural women fresh and young. Because, like most people, except those who take part in medical examinations, virgins rarely give up their secrets voluntarily, Dr Lorenz (Bela Lugosi) organizes them to be kidnapped and guarded. He will do the extraction himself. What a brilliant cheese ball from the premise for a low-budget horror film. If it turns out that it's not Havarti's horror, as an ordinary limburger leaves an interesting taste. Of course, the acting is almost horrible except for actors who were lucky to play a crazy dwarf (Angelo Rossitto, who later played the Master in a crazy Mak outside Thunderdome); his cunning brute angel (Frank Moran), who is very grunting and has a fetish for hair virgins; crazy mother of two (Minerva Urecal); a crazy woman (Elizabeth Russell), who sleeps in a stuffy box and, of course, a crazy doctor (Lugosi). An enthusiastic young journalist, Patricia Hunter (Luana Valters) finds a doctor for the strange orchids with the strange sweet scent that the victims were wearing. When the doctor and his wife urge Pat to stay the night, a storm storm is immediately out. This trail tells us that some raging violence will break out from within. Since it is well known that in Hollywood at that time all unmarried young women were innocent, Pat might have some unpleasant surprises. They include dark passages, a lab in which almost dead virgins are stored, a mausoleum in the basement, and later a direct threat to Patricia's glandular secretions. If she survives, what kind of story she will give to her editor. If you try this wet Slate Velveete (and why not? Do not be superior), do not judge Beli Lugosi from the company you are holding here. He had a tremendous impact on Dracula (1931), but my favorite film was Black Cat (1934). Like dr. Vitas Verdegast, he is a sad, ironic man who protects his two young friends. When he finally took the scalpel Hjalmar Poelzig (Boris Karloff) and started to torture a living man, ah, well, that's a great scene.
