SEVEN POUND: EMOTIONAL HOUSING, ILOLOGICAL, MORAL DISORDER The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I am interested in the original title and, after some research, I learned that this refers to Shakespeare's trader from Venice, where hunter Shilock makes a terrible connection with the trader Antoni, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh, in case he is not able pay off your debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, though sufficiently cultivated to remain unknown by anyone, makes it only cold, rationally deeply rooted in the physical side of man, only in relation to meat. Unfortunately, I think that the real quality of the Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it's a cold machine, the goal of which is to "donate" parts of his body, but without any authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the opportunity to see or notice every clean relationship of the soul inside the whole movie. The only exception is a love story with a girl, which looks like some kind of unprogrammed incident, which Ben gives, but unable to convey true emotional engagement. I really did not like the idea of ​​the core of the film: the idea that a person, no matter how much he has swallowed the pain of the death of his beloved and other people whom he caused himself, makes a decisive decision to free up his sense of guilt through suicide: besides being unlikely, does not make sense. I would love it, and I think it would be more positive that Ben eventually decided to give up the idea of ​​suicide and to continue to live, helping these same people, and perhaps even more, just standing close to them and helping them through his presence. He would not save their lives miraculously, of course: that would probably cause more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive than the human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's creation in seven days (which, by the way, by the Bible, six!): What does that mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from running, even singing, and not feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling, how should he be, is destroyed by his wife's death and by donating the organs and parts of his body, does not seem to feel so tested, both emotionally and physically, of his damaged condition? The movie is saved by good acting, but everything else is pure nonsense, not only from the logical point of view, but also from the human and emotional.
