First, I'm not a conservative. And although I would never invoke myself as a liberal or a democrat, I have been against the war in Iraq since the first day. I think it's safe to say that John Kuzak and I have probably looked into politics, in fact, I'm sure we would become friends for a drink if we ever talked about the big BBC documents of Adam Kurtis. The point is: do not discredit this review thinking that I'm not part of the choir that Cusack preaches to Var, Inc. There is no doubt that the VI policy is tailor made to appeal to my demography, but the problem is that tailoring is substandard, and the film that Cusack wrote, produced and acted worse was worse than a cheap suit. How to say "The road to hell is paved with good intentions." Cusack, his co-writers, director Josh Seftel, and even the actors involved, no doubt had all the intentions to make an anti-war film as important and funny as Robert Altman, Ms A * S * H, unfortunately watched the audience with one as insatiable and unintelligent like Canadian Bacon Michael Moore. and, unfortunately, comical - just watch The Daili Shov and see for yourself. The conclusion is: you can not write material so ridiculous as what the Bush administration gives us on a daily basis, so why try to compete? The main problem with the VI is that it feels like to assemble in a hurry. To do this, Cusack basically calibrated Grosse Pointe Blank (one of his best films), changed the environment and was packed with a purchase list of ideas raised from the collected works by Naomi Klein. Most of these ideas are stuck in your throat in the first twenty minutes of the movie and what makes them so unpleasant is nothing of a joke or joke or deliberately obvious references to Halliburton, Neo-Cons and the US occupation of Iraq are imaginative. , smart or fun. The writers were so blinded by their own dogma that they thought that simply calling on these topics would be ridiculous and subversive. The problem is ... it's not. Until now, these ideas of yesterday's news, and unless you lived below or hidden or are so blinded by ignorance, denial and pure stupidity (read: right-wing Christian), these jokes are insultingly simple. Perhaps I would work if he were more sophisticated, subversive, offensive, and trained with detailed research / insights into the Occupation. In fact, jokes and humorous looks are completely superficial and so bad, with so little finesse, subtlety or satirical crime, that they did more than sigh me. Homer Simpson once said: "It's funny because it's the truth," and Daili Shov proves it every night; Rat, Inc. however, it proves that just because the truth does not make it funny. Conclusion: Hyperbole is not needed when it comes to launching an American / neo-conservative policy ... but it's a big enough joke. <br /> <br /> http: //eattheblinds.blogspot.com/
