this movie is trying to be incredibly smart, and Tarantino-like Before you try it, you need to firmly film your movies. It includes good sound, editing, tuning etc. ... Allows us to talk about the sound in this movie. absolutely horrible. I have never been distracted by soundtrack, even before we talk about a low budget, a film made in Chile, etc. ever. anywhere. and more information on the technique is available ever before. The sound in this movie is bad. Foley is particularly inappropriate and inappropriate, the atmosphere is equally terrible. I heard at least four loud clicks during the movie, which are the result of poor sound editing. Car sound is terrible, the sound of closing the car door is terrible. The sound of the lady who sings is wrong. Phoenix is ​​either in the sea, or simply does not exist, as the speaker has become boring and has given up. spaces are wrong. it's not all right about it. And yet, without letting the limits of creativity get on the road, at the same time, the film tries to be smart. For example, the sound of the aquarium is used in the next street. We hear the sound when we should not. sound editing precedes visual cuts. every trick in the book is used, and yet the foundations are not only where the scenes using heavy jumps are mounted, we have tinkering around with the timeline etc. etc., whisking. All of these techniques are imitated by incredibly low standard overall mix is ​​shit, sound is bullshit. And so, the movie is bullshit. How can a film with so many fundamental shortcomings be considered for prizes and high praise? Chilean film wave? Chile's best creative result? I hope not, and I do not think so. My theory is that Chile's more selective and better talent has avoided this movie as a plague perhaps because of its risky content. At the same time, the film probably received so much unreasonable critical approval from the so-called "world film" enthusiasm for the same mournful reasons. they probably enjoy her disorder. Of course, film critics rarely pay attention to technical details and quality. This film is trash. These are all the mouths and trousers and never deserve a score of 6.8. The film has all the production qualities of the cheap Tarantino, a new wave inspired by the porn!
