Well, it's Robin Hood as 'crazy' in line ... as advertised! It did not sound like a lot of hope, and unfortunately, it was worse than I suspected. Robin I could wear; A Robin with a daughter who can boast; but Robin, who exchanges a non-very funny joke with one of his slanderers is harder to swallow, and Robin and * the entire cast * who seem to have difficulty managing their lines is a kiss of ruin. How would anyone be able to allow such a strenuous delivery to pass without re-recording the scene? Again and Again, It sounds a lot like fighting with a half-understood Shakespeare, rather than getting rid of salt disarray; I was hoping at the outset that it was just an unsuccessful comedy in a character that was clearly designated for the role of a comedian, but then it began to spread through the rest of the actors. Whatever else you talk about Errol Flinn in the role, he had the ability to deliver a high-flow dialog so natural as if he had just imagined it for a moment ... and as this production shows, it's not that easy at all like sounds! If they wanted to play characters like rampant chappies, the actors in question should have given the appropriate lines: they sound like they have no idea how to deal with them. I'm afraid Even the sheriff pantomime I did not like for a similar reason; rows are obviously not intended to be taken seriously, but delivered (and in this case written) by pushing and winking at the audience. They are not in the right place - things that are on the fourth wall - but they're not really that funny. This promised production reminded me of a lame school game. The only actor and figure I really appreciated was the one who played Guia from Gisbourne, who was the only one who seemed to have any responsibility for (a) a credible crime and (b) credible characterization - but honestly, I would not say I thought it was a good celebration for the future of the series! From the moment of writing, I will give another photograph in the hope that things will be improved and lowered until next week, with less stiff scenic settings, and perhaps actors who will more easily lead the dialogue: after all, the initial episode of "Doctor Tooga" it was not exactly a plug, though it was not even so bad. But if I do not see any improvement after the 2nd episode, I'm afraid the series almost certainly lost one viewer. What would be a pity, because I have a soft position for "Robin Hood". "Legend on the screen, from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks to Richard Green's firm reliance, but this Robin did not manage to change my blood.
