Gods ... where to start. I could eat only the first 10 minutes before I turned it down. Apart from the actor who played Robin Hood himself, the rest was terrible. And I can only stretch the suspicion of disbelief until now. From the very beginning of the first episode, I lost the account number of errors, holes and horrible costumes. It started with some poor peasant who was trying to hunt deer to feed his family. Everything is good and good. However, the poor shimmer had to be mostly deaf, because a handful of soldiers, in full armor, on horses, managed to sneak up to him about 10 feet. Then, while running From there, he leaves them 10 feet behind him, to the frame, where you can not see them at all, and immediately behind them again about 20 feet behind him. Then, he runs into some bushes, and immediately he is waved by two soldiers ... who just galloped on horses for a few seconds before, a dozen meters behind him. The "Armor" soldiers were so painfully obvious canvases that they were trying to look like a maille, and poorly failed. Not to mention, the "armor" of a lead soldier is about 5 sizes too big for a poor guy. Seriously, it looks like a little child wearing his father's excessive armor! Finally, Robin is able to shoot about 5, perfectly targeted bullets around the arm of a soldier, within a range of about 2 seconds, from what appears to be an arch. No man in his life could make such recordings, in such a short time, with a large rifle, and even less with the bow. After that, they evade the soldiers and stop helping the incredibly well-trained. and a clean "peasant" with digging a trench ... something that all the nobles were willing to do all the time, right? How this told me the excuse for a series that has ever had a second season outside of me. Costs of production (at least for what I've seen) have surely grown in dozens of dollars (or euros) ... </ br> Seriously - I think the high school drama class would be better presented. This was so bad, even that horrible version of Robin Hood by Kevin Costner was better. I suggest you skip this monstrosity, and to rent or buy a "Robin Shervood" series in the mid-'80s. Much better written, acting, costed and produced. For shame, BBC ... for shame ...
