Contains spoilers. British director J. Lee Thompson made excellent films, especially "Ice Cold and Alek" and "Cape Fear", but "Countri Dance" is one of his more curious offers. The story is set amongst the upper strata of Scottish Scotland and describes in detail the unusual triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landlord, his sister Hilari, and Hilary's wife Daglas, who hopes to reconcile with her. We learned that during his career, the military officer Charles considered that he had a "low moral strength". This seems to be the exact diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film shows the view of the dark disappointment of the world, and its main sources of emotional support are Hilari and his bottle of whiskey. The film ends with his referral to a higher class of lunatics. Peter O'Toole was, when he was best at "Lavrence of Arabia", one of the leading British actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and "Countri Dance" is not one of his better films. He exaggerates outrageously, making Charles a cartoon of useless inbred aristocrats, as if he was auditioning for the role in the Monti Pithon 'Upper-Class Tvit of the Iear' sketch. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are much better, but the film does not really have an outstanding acting performance. Likewise, there is little on the way of a coherent complication, beyond the story of Charles's inexorable downhill slide. The main problem with the film, however, is not an act or plot, but rather a Theme that does not dare to utter its name. There are semi-permanent indications of the incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least the incestuous attraction to her on his side, and that his repulsion towards Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and early seventies (the date of the film was differently given as 1969 or 1970) there was a limitation on what the British Board of Film Censorship was prepared to allow, and a film with an explicitly incestuous topic. It was definitely banned. (The American title of the movie was "Brother love," but this was not used in the UK, is it too suggestive for BBFC?) These suggestions are therefore never evolving and we never see what motivates Charles or what caused his moral collapse , which resulted in a hollow film with a hole in its center. 4/10
