If you rent a movie called "Exorcists of the Year 3000", the odds are good to know what you are getting into. And I am sold with promising descriptions of "mutant-bombs", "motor-psycho", and, of course, the "exterminators themselves" who, according to the back of the case in the film trade, are dispatched around post-apocalyptic reefs of all kinds of criminals. Let the whispered hijackers and the low-budget pianists appear - at least my hopes for this "film" were. Now I like a casual horror movie, and if you read comments to exterminators of the year 3000, probably you. In view of this, I rated this film as solid "1 (terrible)" - not because I completely hated the film, but because it is one of the worst of the terrible efforts to create a movie that I have ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinema, sound editing, editing in general, shop, etc. Etc., Etc. - they are all worth the thing that must surely be the low expectation of the viewers, given that it is a wonderful title. > So what's really "good" about this bad movie? There are a few of what my circle likes to call "quality kills." Quality killing, for those you do not know the phrase, is not a difficult and fast notion, but generally refers to someone killed in a particularly gruesome, creative or funny way. The Exterminators The 3000 also has a good offer of "dialogue-so-bad-becoming-ridiculous", largely provided by Crazi Bull, appropriately dubbed an unhappy motor-psycho gang leader - which by accident also provides the majority quality kills (if you hope for big things from mutants, think again, they play essentially the null part in the movie ... shuck!). Crazy Bull, however, is everything you can look for in a b-movie motor psycho. Shakespeare's paraphrase and strange PG-style insults are all he knows to say ... and that's great. In spite of his quality, he kills a bad dialogue, however, if you are looking for a really fun bad movie "The Exterminators of the Year 3000" somewhat disappoints that its goal is limited to things like stupid and outdated special effects, quality killing and bad dialogue, it just is not enough to justify the full length of the character, mostly for forty minutes or so that the audience is forced to follow characters in long-lasting and boring car "hunts" and long desert hiking sequences ... All in all, pretty good horrible movie , but hey, it's not Death Race 2000.
