The first notable problem with this accidentally called movie is its performance. Ann Nelson plays her grandmother here. Three years after that, she acted in "Airplane!" as a woman hanging out while listening to Robert Hais for Julie Hagerta. I could not throw that picture out of my head. Matt Boston is a fifteen-year-old with problems. He has headaches. His mother had a nervous breakdown. His grandfather had a massive heart attack. A smoking smoking chain decides to find out what the devil is doing to this family. First she hypnotized Grandma Nelson. Nelson tells the story of a flashback that fills the whole first half of the movie. She and her grandfather bought RV, cheap, and drove it to all the tourist traps in the California desert. RV soon has its own mind, going out of the way, and the like. Then they begin to throw large walls on him. The elderly couple are struggling in an appropriate manner, but remain in the vehicle to move the parcel. In the end, the grandfather has a heart attack after being stranded on the Rooftop when he goes on an unplanned drive. Boston's mother starts talking to some Indian mummies lying around her house. She likes to be an author, and makes abundant notes on dance corps. A psychiatrist reads detailed notes and uses his imagination to fill the gaps. We see the mother half-flip-out, but her mental breakdown appears outside the screen, much like Gramps's heart attack. Finally, the patient's resistance, little Matt. Matt goes under the hypnosis pistol and tells his story. She thinks her mom is getting out (it's made in 1977). Obviously, Mum makes astral bodies of Indian mummies flying through the air. One hit Matt like a bee hits a windshield, and Matt starts to act like crazy. The psychiatrist takes his grandmother and Matt in the desert. Matt is unexplained now in wheelchairs, and the troika faces invisible (and inexplicable) forces. Flocker makes no sense to build a scene. One professional here includes the RV stranded in a salty flat in the desert. In the distance, the couple noticed that some stone piles were rolling towards RV. This is a pretty nasty little scene that is overstated in the end. As the walls begin to throw onto the vehicle, special effects become apparent. Scenes on which RV runs off the highway, and then returns again, take it forever. The scenes where the grandfather is captured on the Rooftop as he moves along the clay road forever. Mom's conversations with the mummy last forever. Matt is out of body experience forever. This film takes forever. I was tempted to press the rewind button for at least a dozen times. As the scenes dragged on, it was obvious that Flocker was full. Cut the fat here, and it would go in an hour. Finally, the "explanation" that ghost mummies try to kill close Matt never keeps water. Have they settled the RV? The film producer never shows the fact that ghosts are not good in their killer paths, they never kill anyone! While I was constantly thinking about Nelson in "Airplane!", I thought of other films as well. . Everything that keeps me from falling asleep during this. Boston is terrible as a kid, playing fifteen-year-olds as a cute 10-year-old who has a smart alekna line for all those grown-ups who fall on themselves and love him. At the end, Flocker wrote and managed the mess. The title is just the beginning of this exercise to make the audience feel uneasy. This is not terrifying, and like ghosts, and you can still go ... away from the video tape. This is undeclared, and contains physical violence and a mild cursing.
