*** LIGHT SPOILER ALERT *** The story sounds good and if you have read the novel, then you probably expect a deep and intense film that could provide insight into some interesting and underdeveloped human relationships. > True, the script is trying to do it, the director is trying to do it, but the main cast fails. Mary's acting is so dry that she has no feeling, her most intense moments seem almost funny. Sometimes she looks as nervous about the camera. Her only sensual scene is near the end where her girlfriend is cast. Joan looks even tighter than Mary, and what's worse, she does not look natural at all. Maria had an attitude, even if she was artificially encouraged to be obvious, but she had, and her character got some credibility. And in order to make matters worse, we do not have an insight into it: where does it come from, how did she engage in a lesbian relationship, how relationship developed? We get only some parts of her parents and their relationship seems to be 'there': it has content and ends, but there is no beginning. Just like her partner Maria, she has only one scene that is really touching, a scene in which Maria's character Kiki was left. ) who succeeds in proving some acting talent. He has the attitude of his character and he suits him. He seems to only give up once or twice (a scene at his parents' meal, he tries to be obvious when he is not needed at all). I love this story, Tudor Chirila is well out there, the landlord is really acting and Puia delivers a couple of lines with style, but it does not save the movie. Too bad, the whole environment had enormous potential, and Romanian cinema could use the film on the subject. It is strange that the incestuous relationship between brother and sister has greater credibility than not without background feelings (well, Mary's interludes are a good attempt in this direction) lesbian connection between Mary and Joanna. I'm sorry I spent money on the map, I'd rather have watched her from the comfort of her room.
