Jeffrey Kombs is a crazy scientist whose stem cell research has grown into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid humanoid form of an animal shark, hoping to breed a completely new species using the Hunter Tila womb. It will not be easy, because Tilo is tough and wide, and her boyfriend, Villiam Forsithe, will not give her a fight. You see that Tilo and Forsithe are two business executive Arthur Roberts' employees, the brilliant minds that meet with Combs (.. a scientist who used to work for Roberts, and whose empty position went to Tilo), to his island fort where he conducts his research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "son". They consider it to be a professional affair in terms of discoveries in stem cell research that could lead to healing for various diseases. Combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science about him, creating this blood-thirsty creature that eats meat and who can swim and walk on dry land (.. although, at first glance, only a hammer could stay out of the time period). Tilo went out with Combs' son, hence the connection besides the two of them who worked for Roberts, who brought with him his trophy wife Maria Ignatov. Also, Tilo and Forsite, Roberts and Ignatova are their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs captures them in a conference room, but they can escape to the island because they send their well-paid mercenaries and son of sea sharks to them. Like similar science fiction features of this type of creature, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some unpleasant computer-generated effects, and attacks (.. where the sharks break limbs) were shot in a fast-crafted, faded camera format in which is hard for you to see any bloody slaughter. You have this vague idea that a man is eating (... torn to pieces), but the attacks themselves are recorded in a very unusual way that, in fact, is quite angry. The monster is never seen as a whole, only momentary views of the eye or part of the body biting while the victim is terrible. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We get cgi shark shots from the impact head swam towards the screen, all threatening, ready to eat meat. The constant is that (... and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of meat that spread on the surface of the water (this is the main sign of the director Michael Oblovitz to inform the viewer that those who are being crushed <br /> < Combs does not break the new country as a scientist but has always had the ability to convey a silent madness under this cold-blooded determination. It's fun to watch Forsithe in the rare, pure role of the hero, very against a type like electronics viz (.. to his credit , he is actually withdrawing) who must take the lead position when the group is in Roberts can play the role of a millionaire businessman in a dream, and somehow it's neat to see him shoot himself from a machine gun on Combs's soldiers (.. though his fate is not pleasant ) In mentioning it, it was also fun to watch Forithe and Til descendants of Combs's mercenaries with seized automatic machine guns. As expected, the scenario allows those who have created a killer villain to put themselves in unnecessary danger just to be able to pay for the He's guilty of sins. I mean, seriously, would these people knowingly be left so vulnerable to the attack after they only see what kind of damage a human anatomy can do? The beautiful exotic setting is a pretty beautiful background.
