This low-profile act of horror B comes with all the benefits - a crazy scientist complete with an assistant, malicious corporate greed of the pharmaceutical industry, eccentric and extreme genetic engineering and information technology .... can not leave it. Start with the weird line of hot looks of the nameless sailors who stupidly decided to dive into the water near an unknown island and end up with a friend for a bunch of sea sharks ..... Cut to a bad story that implies a drop in generic pharmaceutical stockpile a corporation that motivates its evil Shakespeare CEO's quote to entertain an unpublished offer by a former employee / scientist who was thrown out of work as a research director and which is also the case of nut ... of course (Herbert West Vannabe total). It offers new stem cell technology that could make a ton of cash ... or it looks like ... It attracts several employees to its island Moreau-ish (it must have been a pretty impressive outlet package from the company when it was released to him afford the island) to confirm his scientific discoveries, including the CEO and, incidentally, the former fiancé of a crazy scientist who has now grown into sharkumans (as it is convenient). The plan is, in a way, to light up the lost love between former marriages while exhorting former colleagues for his breakup. (Sheez, how can this guy be bitter? In the end, he has his own island ...). Soon, everyone is on the run (from the endless supply of security guards who are facing heavy weapons, from mutant plants, can there be an unknown island without plants eating a man? from the appetite of a son for sarms for slaughter, from dad's plans, and from the lack of a cell phone signal ... ... and everyone has to learn to work together to live on the island! Will somebody escape? Will it be created new species? Watch it and find out. In this movie there is a certain amount of fun, but do not expect a lot ... for a true navy Combs holder, it should not be missed. <br /> <br /> Do not say I did not warn you.
