Where the hell are all these unexplored islands where prehistoric monsters lurk, evil doctors perform their experiments, the lunatics hold top-level karate championships, and are they rich hunters for sports? I had no idea that there are still so many unexplored islands there, but if you consider the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a location, you must assume that there are at least 50 of these infants. there. He always feels so damn nice and immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this hacker device. Hammerhead is a story of a crazy scientist who runs experiments on one of these unexplored islands, so the film already had much to make up for before it started. The island in this film is once Moreau, but recently bought Re-Animator, Jeffrey Combs. Old Geoffrey is doing some sort of cutting-edge stem cell research, which led him to start working with sharks while searching for a cancer drug. If that sounds familiar to you, that's because it's about the same basic setting as a smart shark object in the Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a lot of other Nu Image movies. So it's obvious that Jeffrey's son died of cancer that made our crazy doctor begin experimenting with his offspring. He made some kind of super fanatic gene coupling, and so on, turning his son into a man with sharks. Villiam Forsithe leads a team of unknown actors on the island to look at doctoral experiments. If somebody gave him a sailor's cap, Villiam would be dead for a captain from Gilligan's island. In the typical fashion of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders will make a good friend for his son. No friends, as friends ... friends, like a shark food. So, enter the shark-boy who starts to ride the skipper and his cohorts all over the island. They, of course, make half-hearted attempts to escape and over and over again as they persecute them in a suit of rubber shark. The film did not invent any of the points it lost because of one of those cowardly abandoned islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, which is why I thought about the old joke. Why are you hitting a hammer in your head? Because it's so good when you stop. It's almost like this movie. The only reason to watch is because it's so good when it's over.
