As a fellow Russian scientist says two-thirds of the times in the film, "I came for science." This pretty much sums up the reason I watched this movie - everything involving a half-man, a semi-hammer shark, certainly deserves a serious empirical investigation by an impartial ambitious scientist. Or, as they say, the brother of my girlfriend had a remote, and the rest is history. To say that the special effects were bad, it would be a bad service for the special effects area. This is 2005, it's not that hard to record a car scene without the bluescreen's raw background. Yes, this was charming and up-to-date when Hitchcock recorded "Birds", but in 2005 it looks just low. Spare me the cheap Sci-Fi attempts and give me a favor to try to get yourself into disbelief. However, since I have seriously slandered the overall concept of this film, let me tell you again that, no matter how sad it sounds, this is probably worth your time. If nothing else, it's a tour of the power of the bad Sci-Fi - worth learning for a new movie lover and certainly a decent refreshing course for those who have seen several movies in their time. Crazy hunchbacked crazy scientist with a hammer transceiver who thinks it's a good idea to pull the blood into nearby water, raises the question of not only the intelligence of humanity, but also the ability of "B" film writers to come to Far compelling plots. This film also meets one of my many years of bad movie claims - bad guys always wear sunglasses. If it was not in 2005, I would be a dead-end to the fact that this film was some sort of crazy poor metaphor for the Cold War. I mean, maybe Khan might be on the bridge of the Klingon bird of the prey that puts leches into Chekhov's ear. One of the most prominent lines of the movie is when a fish without a bra is insisting that Charlton Heston, "wait Tom" while trying to lift a helicopter to rescue from the ground. The point is that Tom uses bad guys for sunglasses with his infinite banana clip that is attached to his Kalashnikovs or AK-47, laymen. As crazy scientist says at the end of the film, "my goal is to develop a human kind" - it is enough to say that this film contributed only to the deconcentration of humanity. The poor Freudian references spoken by a crazy scientist while preparing a female protagonist to mate with a hammer are a simple reminder that even in the worst science fiction we can find something for which we laugh.
