From time to time, one of the blue looks at me a little later and asks: "What about SNITCH'D?" I know they immediately have a case of scarcely hidden entertainment + of horror. You see, I was a filmmaker. Allow me to clarify some points regarding this "interesting life experience". Originally, SNITCH'D was called ONE HIT. I met James Cahilla in July 1999, the day after I wrapped TRIANGLE SKUARE, a large, small 35mm feature that, like many of the indie features of the era, never received distribution despite the praises of the festival ... it became an eternal victim of a fine SAG footprint notorious experimental contract. But I turn ... Although I was in the game, and James asked me to record his small gangster movie in 16mm with a budget of about $ 25,000, not wanting to interrupt the rhythm, I took it. After all, CLERK, EL MARIACHI ... And then I believed in myth. Let's frame him as a "film school" for many involved, including me. SNITCH'D was killed during two weeks in August 1999 in Aliso Viejo and Santa Ana, CA. Cahill taught drama in high school in this city (yes, he is a drama teacher and an English language ... you consider this when you watch a movie, or even watch the use of the apostrophe in the title), hence the location and cast. In his acting team, the only known dramatic appearance of the girl Vera Jimenez from Channel 2 Morning Nevs, and of the greater influence, the debut of Eva Longoria, who just arrived in Hollywood, was eager to get a movie under the belt . I must say that her professional commitment, focus and "let's do this" kept me inspired and were the hint of her star - yet-yes-do. SNITCH'D suffered from poor optics, several lights or currents, several buma du jour operators, and the delivery of the offline offline for duplication. None of this is obscuring the actual content, which speaks for itself. In any case, until 2003, the film was sold to distributors (on a pure loss, I understand) who unexplained Eve's photos on boxing (until then it was a real name), but who managed to gets a clear picture of what looks like an authentic Latin gangster to give credibility to SNITCH'D. Since Cahill's second passion is antique bookkeeping, it seems to confirm that he believes you can, in fact, judge the book on its cover ... as many have picked up this DVD based on his sleeve. ----------------- One year later, Eva, now on the soap, I met James for a day to record a simple short film that he invented, SPLIT OTHERS, which I think never did not see any performances despite festival intentions. 6 years later, I was hired to record another Cahill film called JUAREZ, Mexico. Although I worked out the process; my participation was conditioned by casting, script and crew control, and the resulting movie seemed promising in daily newspapers, for what ... a cheap detective story about the mass killings of girls in Juarez; despite claims here and elsewhere, the film NEVER appeared on any festival or site, although Cahill has repeatedly claimed that the film has a distribution and simply awaited release to coincide with the DVD release of two studio images on the same theme, VIRGIN JUAREZ and THE BORDER CITY.
