The "rampant" accidents of the four au pairs that arrive in London the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, Danac, German and Chinese. The story seeks to tweak all, incorporate them into a humorous humor type and associate them with various mishaps from the British film and television culture of that time, including the star of Richard O'Sullivan's home, the future. Johnny Briggs Street Corner Coronation and Horror of Stubborn Ferdinand Maine (Sheikh plays). There is a fairly risky amount of female nudity on the screen, for those who love such things (but apparently nothing hardcore). Most of the film is pretty thin and inconsistent; girls are stereotypes, and German Anita is particularly suffering from some kind of infantile disorder - she is a jerk obsessed with a color TV that acts like a kind of unwashed child and dress to deliberately portray her private parts; in another more serious film, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film includes a Swedish girl who was taken to a club in London, where some dodgy still try to crawl, punished by a middle-aged rocker, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy in them and point to an more intriguing film than we did, in which the promiscuity and the remains of the music business and higher classes live a soulless and sordid life (there is a good reversal of John Standing's impotent public school). The strangest of these stories is the Chinese girl (since it is a Cannibal veteran Me Me Lai) who comes out with her childish pianist employer, falling in love with each other and leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason, except for some orientalist idea that "Chinese birds are inexhaustible, not ?!" The film is rather humiliating for female characters, and in the dialogue and one of the characteristics there is homophobia. The end is striking, because Shane Maine, without any earthly reason (apart from having to finish the film somehow), whispers all the girls to their Arab kingdom for what looks like a world in the future as a white slave trade. Everything is excited. Things and nonsense for most of this, but fitted with a lot of skills by veteran Val Guest, which puts it as part of a film regime that is above all Brits 'secploitation in the' 70s.
