I captured this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I have not heard much about it; only that it was a thriller, which was digitally recorded at a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I must say that I was very disappointed. "This is not a love song" is followed by two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a young farmer's daughter, caught a deadly game of cats and mice when locals choose to take things into their own hands and catch them. The real problem is that this is another example of style compared to a substance in the British film. Camera angles and editing are totally incompatible with the story, as well as over superb performance, and the terrible use of slow-motion images, which only serve to make the whole thing look like a home-made video. There are repeated attempts to make the film nervous and persistent, which instead comes as harsh and over the top (Cue is a pathetic, compulsory drug scene, and countless, meaningless camera zooming). No amount of clichés like this can conceal the fact that this is a pretty bad story. We've seen such things many times before, and made them hundreds of times better, especially in John Boorman's masterpiece "Deliverance". But while we were actually taking care of the characters in the second film, in this film, I found myself wanting to hunt and kill them as soon as possible. Even it would not be so bad that their opponents were scary or worthwhile, but instead they were just a collection of stereotypical, primal peasants. Again, another offensive, exaggerated cliché that comes to the forefront. Surely there are some good people in the country, filmmakers? In his defense, "This is not a love song" contains several good, uncertain moments, but it's hard to see how this film does anything else but to go directly to the video, or, on the incentive, you get very limited film edition. It's not patched on last year's Lov-Budget hunt in the hill movie, "Dog Soldiers". Perhaps the British cinema could be restarted if the real money stopped going to the wrong people.
