To understand where this version of A STAR IS BORN comes from 1976, consider this: Its final number is played by Barbra Streisand in seven minutes and forty-second major plans, followed by another two and a half minutes of frozen Ms. Streisand - a striking pose like Christ - behind the final loan. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of Barber's peculiar vision of the dead center, filling the big screen with uncompromising ego. It can be some kind of movie record. Think about it: The action of this musical revolves around a love affair between two music superstars, while Streisand's songs are performed in its entirety - including the endless ending - for her skeleton Chris Christofferson is not allowed to fill a single song which he performs. Neither, although she allows him to contribute a little to a couple of her fairy tales, they actually sing a duet. Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in points at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from your closet) - and she also allegedly wanted but failed to get and co-direct. One of her credits was the executive producer, and the production loan was her then boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why it is so obsessed with the film overtaking it. What does not explain is how, in view of every opportunity the Great Diva looks good, their efforts only make Streisand look bad. Although it was one of the best Streisand hits in boxing, it's probably her worst movie and contains the worst performer. In any case, moving the melodrams from Hollywood to the world of sex drugs and rock 'n' roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the way to the star, who shares a fast tape for some time with Kristofferson's John Norman Howard, hard rockers heading for the exit for Has-Haveville. In previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrificed its leading man's career to help newcomer "Vicki Lester" achieve his success. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. they want to make clear that their heroine owes nothing to man, so the path is distorted; she will succeed with or without him and is pretty close to the bottom of scene one; He is a burden that must endure in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the leading lady not only harsher but almost merciless, while her mistress emerged from her hand as a henpecked tweet. Kristofferson passes through a film with credible indifference to the material; a little trying to provide a lot of performance, and it is unusual to serve his purposeless, indifferent character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show any moment of honesty all the time on the screen. Everything that seems to be, if not too vigilant, seems to be too much controlled. Even her apparent views seem inconvenient, and her moments of presumed hysteria are cold mechanically. The two do not have chemistry, which makes the central love affair incredible. You can assume that his character sees in her the symbol of his weakness and innocence, although at the age of 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only imaginable attraction that she could offer is that she can use it as a faster path to the star. And, indeed, that the film had the courage to really reproduce the material in this way, so that Streisand's character would openly play an explosive villain, the film might have a spark and perhaps a reason for it to exist. But I suppose filmmakers really see Esther as a compassionate victim; It seems they are not aware of how cold-blooded and complacent they are. But sensitivity is not one of the strongest sides of the movie: note the tiny joke Barbie gives to two African-speaking reserve singers just to make the film lonely with the racism of inviting the trio The Oreos. And the film is a big step, stressing that Ester retains her ethnic identity using her name Hoffman, but the filmmakers changed the name of the characters of the previous films from "Esther Blodgett" so Streisand will not be burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. In the background there is a stumbling and thrilling recording which continued with the release of the film near the legendary, so the fact that the film ended so impressive, remarkable. It seems that nominee director Frank Pierson has delivered a raw material for a good movie, with considerable help from the filmmaker Robert Surtees. The film served its purpose, producing a soundtrack album of decent pop melodies (including Oscar "Evergreen" Paul Villiams and Streisand). But, all in all, it turned out that the film was the only thing Streisand allegedly claimed to not want to be, a project of vanity.
