I think that, deep in the darkest, weakest part of their heart, everyone likes Jerry Springer only a little. Although his performance is undeniably insulting and stupid, it also gives us a chance to see that, relatively speaking, most of us are really good at it. When you look at the park with live trailers, a whiskey dollar, people with incidents in Springer, makes the worst day look like a walk in the park. Jerry carries out public service and we should be grateful. He left his political career to host the show, just for us. What in any way we should not be grateful is the "Ringmaster" garbage film. "Ringmaster" shows what life is for people ending up as hosts in the show, or so we want to think about it. The film follows the necessary Springer line of the story: Love triangles. One triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The second includes Starlet, Vond and Demon. When two unfortunate groups meet in LA, their lives intertwine and collide in the head, which all culminates in an explosive episode of the sprinter show. It's like "short cuts" if Robert Altman had a serious crackdown. "Ringmaster" is true for the show, because it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. I am also very pleased that I do not live in dirt as her characters do. But the movie has a problem. It's charged as a comedy, but it's not so funny. What she laughs is a little and far away. Perhaps some people are watching this and laughing nonstop. If you think smoking and rape are ridiculous, then you are one of these people. I personally laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in extreme awe of the painful horrors of life on the white track. Jerry Shov Shov is not intended to make a jump from a TV on a silver screen. What's ridiculous in the class (less when you count your commercials) will not necessarily be funny in ninety minutes of film. Movies have to tell the story, and this is something with which "Ringmaster" has problems. The story is out. There are so many planned holes and mistakes in the continuity that any attempt to tell a cohesive narrative quickly disappears. Even if there were no such problems, how fun can you get from the story of stereotyped people in a stereotyped story? Even the Hollywood formula can not make this better. "Ringmaster: It's so bad, even fucking the best part of Springer sho: Final Thought. Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show ended up longer than the bastard women on which the film was built." The worst perpetrator in all this is Springer himself. so bad an actor that he can not even play the convincing ... Watching Springer's Springer's game is sad. Allen played 'Jerry Springer' vibe, and he collapsed, unhappy. He went in trouble to make this a catastrophe, could do is try to do it much better. I said that with All in this film are included in a prize worthy performance. On the contrary, they are all crap.It's not that surprising, no one in this film has continued the magnificent thing. Obviously, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who acted in the most notorious movie ' in a children's program. That's why you're wondering what other adults on that channel did in their past. Here's my final thoughts: what we have here is a group of people without respect and a man with money for combustion, who met and joined their resources like To produce a movie that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think of the intelligence of its audience. Do we need to accept people who make films that treat us as strong breast cancer? I say no. Somewhere there, in this crazy, mixed world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep looking for him. Take care of yourself and your loved ones the next time. And never watch "Ringmaster".
