I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it were, because at least the worst movie I ever saw (Prom Night II) was enough to hate him. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked at the clock and found that it was only 90 minutes passed. It looked much more like years. It's the endless repetition of poor people, (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe in poor people), fucking, hitting each other, insulting each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention to the duty that we use when we shampoo. The story, which covers how a group of stupid people are badly managing their lives to provide grain for Jerry Springer mill, are advancing exclusively for the idiocy of characters. It is therefore impossible to worry about what will happen to them. It never mattered to me whether they entered the show, or what they said or who they slept with. Maybe I should not worry about them. Perhaps I should look at them as some sort of comic type - to see their unexpected behavior as inherently ridiculous. Too bad it is not. Humor is not unheard. It's harmless. This is predictable. Humor must have something behind, some kind of painful irony or life experience, to function. Scatology is not smart. Example. The mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. In order to get revenge, she goes through a park trailer and gives oral sex to her boyfriend's daughter. Since I had been in the shock of Jerry Springer long ago, I had the same reaction as the Andrev Dice Clai's obscene rhymes; not laughing, just talking. Finally, I discovered that Springer's pose is populistly tired and unconvincing. If he was really a defender of the poor, he would bring a Bed-Sty's single mother to talk about an attempt to raise his children to New York City at $ 12,000 a year. Or, if he does not, he would at least give participants of his demonstrated cuts in his profit. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, film, books and video. His guests are simply getting a return ticket, hotel accommodation and a chance to humble. If he loved the poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earned for him. It seems that Springer wanted this film to bring some legitimacy to itself. Jesus, with all his fine work, would have thought that he would already deserve our respect. In any case, the film is weak and boring. She does not even manage to be insulting. If you want to have a better evening, record a mistake for one night and then watch it.
