The Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister holds a meeting with inspector Carlo Bretschner (Melvin Douglas) of the local police about all recent murders, six victims were found in many weeks of exhausted blood and carried the same two wounds on the necks. Brettschneider does not have any clues, but the village's top elders believe that death is a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but frightened villagers continue to talk stories of seeing the great Bat, while the last victim of Martha Mueller (Rita Carlile) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the killings, but can he really believe that the giant Bat Vampire is responsible and is it how it will stop it? Director Frank R. Straier The Vampire Bat is cheaper than Majestic Pictures to cash in on the success of the two stars Atvill & Vrai and their success in previous years, Doctor X (1932) and is more a mystery of murder, and no horror as a exploitative and tempting title can lead you to believe - and honestly , it's pretty boring. Scenario Edward Lovea Jr. is taken seriously and sets the basic story of killing some local villagers and that something can be a Vampire, and then most of the film's duration focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations that are not putting too much fine, boring. The vampire bat has a identity crisis, because he does not know what he wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while the majority could easily be described as a thriller of the last few minutes that descends into silly sci-fi. There is no Vampire bat, attempts to deceive you pathetically, all of the characters are broad stereotypes and you can immediately tell the villain of the work and as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse because the movie since 1933 has moved a lot, and a bland, flat, boring and seductive movie, like The Vampire Bat, simply does not cut it out these days, just look at the original King Kong (1933) he published the same year and how he is still great today. I did not like it and I doubt that many modern film viewers would be so simple and simple. Director Straier is not doing anything special, but this is the case in which I can cut off the film a bit more relaxed due to his age, it is generally quite important to shoot, shoot and hope for the best things. There is not much in the way of the atmosphere or fear, although some of the sets already pre-recorded from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European set on the back, are fine and add a certain ambiance to things. Technical Vampire Bat can not be compared with anything more modern, because in the era it's ok but I suppose, but again I turn your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, Star Fai Vrai has a role in this, as well as the iconic horror Lionel Atvill, I will be courteous and say that the acting is fine. The Vampire Bat will imagine many people think it's a horror movie about vampire batches when it really is not, I personally thought the whole thing was a bit boring. She is short of saying that the story is reasonably reasonable, but I must admit that I am not a fan.
