A boy who was stupid. But it only takes an hour, and I only paid for it, so I will live ... unlike the entire composition of this 1933 accident that has been dust up to now. However, a small village begins to appear bodies that are exhausted from all their blood. Local goats begin to talk about vampires, of course, and a little louder after each body is found. or whatever it is, is played by excellent actor Melvin Douglas, trying to tell them differently. When he mentions the fact that the dead have one big hole on either side of the door, instead of the two holes close, the local population simply says that Constantin insists that vampires do not exist and must be the human guilty of murders. But Melvin does not seem too upset. to get into the pants of my candy, played by Faie Vrai. And in this mix is ​​the city dumbfound, played by Dvight Frie, which seemed to have all the way played the same role in every film he did. He further exposes the citizens by hunting batons and drinking his blood. Lionel Atvill plays a city doctor who seems to be trying to help the policeman to resolve the crimes. He always smelled like an actor. In this role he is as close as possible to the cardboard as he could get. And Lionel Barrimore is also in this thing ... a lot of great names that will be such a bunch of guanas. In addition to the horrible wrong title of this film, the alternative name "The Blood Sucker" is much better, this film is also boring and boring and just stupid. For me, the high point of the movie is watching Frie, it knocks out the strange city freak, but apart from him, this movie is not much offered. And then when you discover the cause of strange death and see the thing with the special effect you need. It will be really disappointed. White Lugosi has done a lot of horrible pictures, but at least it was fun and interesting to watch. this film as a very bad Lugosi clunker WITHOUT Lugosi and you will get a sense of how bad this mess is. If you can not make a good horror movie from the 1930s, at least Lugoshi it.
