The nature of the business is to try to exploit the success of others. Here we have a film that takes the elements from earlier Dracula (1931) and Frankenstein (1931) - in the German city, village leaders believe that vampires (in the form of bats) are the cause of the recent deaths of a blood-stained victim. Although he was filmed at Universal (and at the Caves in Bronson!), This is a feature of poverty; it's not fair to compare it with those earlier, more expensive and top-notch movies. From the famous and exciting, cool music of the main titles (which was certainly Mischa Bakalienikov), through the conversation but a well-done sequence of opening, we expect the arrival of Lionel Atvill, Fai Vrai and Dvette Frie to give us a good secret movie from the 30's. Unfortunately, this does not happen. That's a disappointment. We got a little bit more than the formative elements of such films, but with slow pace, low budget, insufficient Dvette Frie, exaggerated presence of Maude Eburne (Aunt Gussie), and a premise for Lionel Atvill (Dr. von Niemann) to search for human blood or show the control of the mind over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier) was never quite clear. Do not look at the technician 'Dr. X '(1932) - also starring Lionel Atvill and Fai Vrai, but as a father and daughter - before watching this as me; It's an Oscar winner in comparison. So first look at this. Structurally, 'The Vampire Bat' is still not that good. Follows too many stories or unnecessary comical liberation, without strong focus on vampire crime. Besides' Dr. Ks' and 'Mystery of the Wax Art Museum' (and in 1932, together with Fai Vrai), Lionel Atvill performances as one armed gendarmerie in 'Frankenstein's Son' (1939) and as Moriality in 'Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Veepon' (1943 ). Dvight Frie steals all his manic scenes in 'Dracula' (1931). As young lovers, Melvin Douglas and Fai Vrai have a lovely scene to kiss, but that's all. It can be seen in the 'Old House of the Dark' (1932), and Fai pulls around Joel McCrea in 'The Most Dreading Game' (1930). Then there is her classic "scream" from 1933. It is a shame that more time, money and rewriting were not available for this film to better illustrate the talents and chemistry of Lionel Atvill, Fai Vrai and Dvette Frie. Unfortunately, this film, which is disappointing, only gets 4.
