When screening this film, director Mari Harron apparently had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of Betty Page's career, from the early days of modeling to leaving the model to return home after hearing the juvenile delinquency in the Senate and her religious re-discoveries in the 50s, and so it is the intention to get all these facts on the screen in the allowed time that it seems to have missed to take any time to explain anything in depth. When you think of someone who has a career page I think it would be enough for discussion, its reasons, decisions, life event, personal trauma, but Harron avoids any personal character research. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are short indications of child abuse, domestic violence, and gang rape, but they all went through and never remembered again. The impression is that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to absorb everything that was not glamorous and flattering. You enter this film, expecting to get an insight into who the person is behind the poster, but all that is given is a list of things she did and recreation of some of her most famous photographic footage. All in all, the movie really frustrates you while watching, desperately waiting for an extra layer to be discovered. How did she balance her religion with the work? What moved this young girl from Tennessee from modeling into a photo of attachment. The movie simply shows that it goes to another modeling agency and puts everything that was told to it, but it certainly would involve some shock and reflection, that was after all the 50's. It seems to me that Harron is trying to emphasize that all this is in accordance with today's standards (The page has never taken any photos of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction of such a thing was indeed overstated, and even though it is True, it actually does not seem to look dirty in the eyes of others. Today we are looking at a young girl who poses in toples and does not think about it, but we should have some feeling that it would be shocking for the modern audience. This woman was the central part of the Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one was ever really shocked. Mainly I left this film just thinking of how pitiful it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid everything that could be an unpleasant viewer. They meet as two lifelong fans of Miss Paige and desperately want to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could put a bad light on their heroin, and therefore avoided any in-depth examination of who she actually was. (Before and after the career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) And there remained only a series of events that made her career without any substance behind her.
