The ultimate goal of Big Brother, to know what to think before we think it, is accomplished. Is it some kind of wonders, or a scandalous joke, that people bring mental flat jackets in their own way, twist into distorted forms, and laugh as monkeys? Films, art, no longer pose danger to the unknown, but lost conclusions, exhausted by life. "Notorious Bettie Page" is a beautiful case history, suitable for the course of a french student of feminism. His lesson is schematic, rectangular and linear: "See how women are objectified, exploited, abused, and then thrown into rubbish by a society dominated by men." Bettie Page, allegedly, was the "Queen of the Pin-up of the 1950s", a million people ejaculated. (All reviewers repeat that phrase, "the queen of the pin-up of the 1950s," as a monkey hub.) Her history as an American sex bomb is known: a southerner, abused by her father, raped, etc. naif, the innocent unconscious of the interests she serves and of which she is profoundly profiting. Although she believes in Jesus, she enjoys playing nakedness in front of the camera's lens - only healthy, amateur male sexual rookies are supposedly fantasizing. From the mouths of writer and director Mari Harron, Okford-educated and former punker (do you feel my combined rotation privileges and "hippo" like me?): "I feel that without feminism I would not do this. feminist movies in the sense that I do not do anything ideological, but I think that women better achieve my movies. What a nice click. The film only goes through the stories of telling about human life, about the theme and purpose that was praised and buried long before the film began. Ms. Page has a boyfriend, but we have not shown much about their relationship. I can not ignore his self-satisfying simplicity. In New York, where Miss Page tries to fit in and calm down the world of the world, letting it be tied to ropes and firmly bound in black leather boots and coffee S & M, the film is black and white, but down in Miami, where he goes out of everything, he takes off his clothes cheerfully, and he's photographed "freed" by a woman, the film turns to color. < br /> As in fact, Harron does not work. "make feminist films," does not "do anything ideological". Ideology has become so internalized, so supreme, so programmed, that it is almost invisible. Big brother must laugh.
