On September 26, 1983, a short, stinking 60-year-old woman was tried for attempted murder by Leonie Haddad, a lady whose husband recently died and agreed to receive a tenant who came through an elderly housing unit. Haddad was unaware that her new tenant actually came fresh from the Patton State Mental Hospital, where she was imprisoned for inexplicable knife attack on a couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "bad" in Denmark when a woman began to lock in the bathroom with a tape recorder, reciting the prophets of the "seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she woke up and found her tenant sitting on her chest holding a bread knife and announcing that God inspired me to kill you. Haddad managed to overturn his attacker by telephone, but not before he lost his finger and suffered deep wounds on the face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The landlord was declared innocent for madness, but was sent, kicking and screaming back to the laughter academy. Ten years later, she was released and found that she is now a well-known person; but not for brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years earlier when she was known as 'Queen of the Curse, Tennessee Tease' and 'Miss Pin Up Girl of the World' - Notorious Bettie Page. Director Mari Harron, widely known for 'American Psicho', returns us to the glorious days of the legendary cheese and slavery model (by Gretchen Mol), who inadvertently wrote a blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be revealed in everything from comics to catwalk. T.N.B.P is a fun ride all day through an evocative show from the 1950s, where Page, with the family help of well-meaning boys and photographers, became number one in the size pocket of men's glossy titles such as Vink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream about the movie star is getting her way out, and in 1957 she was gone. With the authorities around the accusation of obscenity, it is inciting an incident that led to withdraw from the modeling and surrender to God. The overall style of the film is light and sparkling and only temporarily blurs allusion to father's incestuous attention and sexual assault that unexplained seems to have no apparent effect on it. The mole plays the site as it appears in the photos, happy, carefree and fun - even when it comes to slavery, it does not get anything more than a good mood. The film ends with optimism with a side that cheerfully distributes Bible books in the park without the indication of a real unhappy marriage, personal tragedy, and a responsible person in the murderous madness that lay before her; avoiding what I think is the core of the page's story - a rebirth and a resurrection. Having emerged from the decade of closing Page, she discovered that her cult had been rising since the mid-1980s and has become a huge underground icon, during which many have asked "what happened to Bettie Parties." Her "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fire of any number of conspiracy theories, which only contributed to the attractiveness of her legend. When the world media finally grabbed it, it did not give any indication of its darker past, and soon she gave interviews for magazines, T.V. and photographed at Plaiboi parties with similar Pamela Anderson and equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She discovered that she was now more famous than she had ever been in her "glorious years," but in the glory of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the whole story would appear. The only notorious thing in Notorious Bettie Page is that they omitted the part when she became really notorious.
