"The 700 Club" must be one of the biggest television programs in the history of television. To make things worse, it has been in the air since 1966, which implies that thousands, if not millions, are buying his hate and lies. Leading Pat Robertson, the unscrupulous, megalomaniac founder and leader of the Christian Coalition, the Club 700 leads us from disinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting "news" as they want to think about it and trying to convince their audience that all world problems are blamed for homosexuals , vics, non age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, hindus, Christians who are not fundamentalisms, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, ecologists, NASA scientists, and all those who do not share their fanatic religious views. This is actually the best false news from "The Daili Shov" or "Veekend Update" segment "Saturdai Night Live", or since "FOKS Nevs". Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, saying everything that comes to mind and does not give a curse to anyone who offends or hurts. In the meantime, he continues his role in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state by making the Religious mistakes to put their noses in everything they can and to seek one donation for another - not less than $ 100 to become a member, by the way - finances Pat's African diamond mines and buys oil from companies that have in the past rebuffed the government for environmental misconduct. No, it does not matter what Pat was a good friend with the genocidal dictators of Zair and Zimbabwe to help him gain such wealth; All this is for God's glory, is not it? And of course, the hosts The 700 Club are always ready to read the letters "written by the viewers" as they like it to say, by chance each homeowner in the same format and all on the same color of paper by "viewers" cured by various troubles by the side of the said hosts (they claim that they have "word of knowledge"), but who NEVER KNOW on the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone seriously introduce himself when using a bad applause? This should prompt people to wonder why there is no audience in the studio. The sad thing that Pat's friends and viewers do not understand or simply do not want to understand are the terrible things that he did and said. This guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 on the United States were the result of God being punished for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, since Pat had twice publicly talked about the implementation of nuclear weapons at the State Department; I have a little doubt that his fortune prevented him from being arrested for such statements. Interestingly, his rants are against homosexuals, single mothers and any sexual behavior he considers "sinful", since it is known that during the Korean War there were numerous brothels. As the Bible says, be fertile and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there probably is a large number of children born to single mothers of Korea. Then, of course, the time came when he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but nevertheless). Oh, yes, and let's not forget about the time when this "human life cruiser" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of him, right? And only in case Pat forgot, I did not forget his little speech that evangelical Christians today "treat just as the Jews were in Nazi Germany." Honestly, compare his "state" with the horrors of the Holocaust it's almost unforgivable. Speaking about this, should I mention how he obviously lied that homosexuality grew among the Nazi party in the pathetic attempt to discredit gays? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis treated homosexuals in the same way they treated the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If he was Pinocchio, his nose would have circled the Earth. Unfortunately, more and more people still trust him every day. This is your call for awakening, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the most interesting programs in the history of television. Evil is masked as well; It's wolf clothing. It's filthy dirt that's trying to look clean, nice and loving. It is a living proof that hate, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of Christian faith know that this goes against everything Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared to this "club," he would not imitate them. Instead, he would punish them as he did the Pharisees of his time and rolled the bucket for the money of their telethons as he did before the synagogue in his time. All I can say is thank God that Pat had no chance to become president; if he were, he would be the leader of Armageddon - not on the side of good guys.
