Some of the interesting things that our war hero, healer Pat, his son Gordon (the TV ministry looks like a family business), and Terri Meeuvsen (won Miss America in 1973 wearing a swimsuit and showing her legs) are heard to say when our poor viewers sick and need help. 1. Someone with the "right-angled right tooth" has just been cured. Someone with "distorted intestines" has been cured. Then Terry said there was a person with a "strange state" (you think God does not know?) He is burning in his feet, which was just cured. Then Gordon said that there is a man (narrowing down!) With the swelling of the sinus in the right cheek, with a lot of pain behind the right eye, but now he is cured.5None with problematic right hips, limited mobility from the stroke, is now able to walk. 6. Terry said she saw someone with severe stiffness in the neck, but she did not know the exact disease (God does not know?) - that the person is now cured. 7. Someone is paralyzed on the right, especially (Not exactly?!) The right side of the face is now frozen. A man (who again narrows the world's population) with a plate in the skull has unceasing problems, and doctors simply do not know what to do. Terry said she saw a bone reform around the plate (Funny Bone ?!) And the pain disappeared, it's now cured. As our War Hero Pat helps our sick and poor people. There is a woman in Kansas City (Missouri or Kansas, but narrowing the way down). 2. There is a man with a financial need - I think a hundred thousand dollars (I think their god should go to school or something like that!) This need is fulfilled right now, and in three days, the money will be shipped. through the miraculous power of the holy spirit. Thank you, Jesus. 3. In Cincinnati there is a woman with lymph node cancer. I do not know if it's still diagnosed (ask your vindictive God Patto!), but you do not feel well, and the Lord immediately removes that cancer! 4. There is a lady in Saskatoon (I suppose it is Canada.) In curved wheelchairs, the Lord has now corrected us, and you can rise and walk! and that's yours. Thank you, Jesus! Amen, Amen! When Pat Robertson had Prostate Cancer, did he go to Peter Popoff, Oral Roberts, Benny Hinne, Terry or Gordon? Not! On February 15th, 2003, Pat went to REAL DOCTOR to have an operation! (Do you think he does not believe his faith by treating a friend, Terry or his son Gordon?) When Pat Pat Robertson was in the Marines during the war in Korea, he was a liquor officer, responsible for guarding alcohol- . He is known to drink himself and frequent prostitutes and feared that he contacted the gonorrhea. (He needed to ask the healer of the faith to help!) The reason Pat came out of the fight was that his dad Absalom Willis Robertson (D Va from 1946-66) was chairman of the Senate Military Appeals Committee. Terrorist attacks, September 11, 2001. We imagined ourselves an inseparable and consumed quest for health, wealth, (worth $ 150- $ 200 million) worth of material!) material satisfaction (Virginia Virginia's Virginia beach with a helicopter launch platform!) and sexuality (He had sex with his future wife before marriage who had a son!). This (terrorism) occurs because God raises his protection from us. (Statement published September 13, 2001) Pat Robertson reminds me of Burgermeister of Santa Claus coming to town and his evil vindictive god reminds me of Venger at the Dungeons and Dragons. Grown Derby Gordon does what Dad tells Pat, and Terry is paid to a woman who does not have her own minds! This will really grab you! In the edition of the Club 700 in September 2005, a Christian Broadcasting NetWork report was published by correspondent Garry Lane of the Neville Orleans convention center, who during the weekend held mostly the impoverished victims of the Black Catastrophe. evacuated "Lane said" they include this voodoo glass with the saying: "Let the curse be with you." A picture of a cup of souvenirs from a plastic glass from one of countless jewelry stores in Nev Orleans appeared on the screen. the title of Guerrilla Varfare and Thugs 'R' Us. "Lane said, pointing to a bunch of rap CDs on the ground. (His dirty daddy Absalom taught PATH racism well!) If any of you good people ever thought to donate these sexist intolerable people, please, in the name of God do not! Sponsor a softball or basketball team, give the food shelf, be a big brother or sister to the child, but do not have these people because they were nearby for over 40 years and nothing was resolved. If you still do not believe Pat Robertson's type heard during a commercial break on the web and hit the search, and when you hear what he really likes, I know for certain that you will not give a single cent to these false liars! By the way, Terry split once and Pat talked many times against divorce on his shows. I like to greet people in Dover Pennsylvania, Orlando Florida and nice people who are hit by Hurricane Katrina and I hope it's a nice day. Was Operation Blessing helpful to Nev Orleans? I work! By the way, if you are ill, go to the right doctor and let everyone laugh at these liars and one day Burgermeister Pat, Gordon and Terry can go somewhere else and bring with them their angry God Wenger!
