I do not think that there have ever been more evil or evil television shows in the US than the 700 Club. They are today equivalent to the Ku Kluk Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred of everything that is good, sweet, human and pure is beyond any ability to understand. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world who do not share their bickering, cruel, monstrous, and extremely crazy views of humanity, are beyond anything television has ever seen. Lies they pour out and funny lies that they try to read as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil", it's so meaningless to actually make them mentally ill, so they are lost in his fantasy. Reasonable people know that religion is a drug and should not be allowed to get used to this kind of fantasy. However, the 700 club itself is in its class. They are really cult. Although I believe in freedom of speech, they are spreading hatred, lies, misinformation and such fantastic ideas are beyond all boundaries. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally start studying those people who are deceived in this way, people who are so deeply entangled in the fantastic country of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality. . Treatment for such oppressed individuals is very needed in this country, because so many people have completely lost their minds from the fantasy of religion. The Club 700, however, is even more horrifying when it comes to the legal definition of the "cult," but because of the enormous wealth of the Club 700 (which is transmitted by millions of Americans indoors in their deceptive distress) they are above the law in this country. For those who watched the movie "Matrix" you know that the movie was a metaphor for religion on earth: evil those who are at the top of any religion who take away those who are captured and cruelly abused. their own selfish purposes, and those millions of people who are held in the dream of death and slowly dry out of their life force are those who belong to religions and who have lost all the ability to see what is really happening around them. In less civilian times, good citizens would be led by such monsters as those associated with the 700 club from the city with torches and villas. But in today's world where people have lost all choice in their televised election presented to them, we have no way to get rid of 700 club plagues. The TV rating system and the V-chip on the TV should also have a rating called "R" for religion, so that rational people and worried parents can easily show such mean intellectual and brutal emotional rape as presented by Club 700 every day throughout our country, from them and their children.
