The years have passed since Don Vilson used his expertise in martial arts to remove a robot that was programmed to destroy him, he was also married to a blue journalist (Stacie Foster) who led the insurgency in the first film, now a new plot works , which includes similar droids framed by our two heroes, and a corporation that wants to rule the world (No complication for any of this) and Ciber Tracker 2 becomes the virtual reproduction of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVD from a cheap container made by PM, PM was a company specializing in cheap actions (such as this one) that had tons of explosions, a small story and nothing more than a massive action. Some of these titles were (mildly pleasant) (Last Man Standing and The Sveeper), but Ciber Tracker 2 got stuck with actor charisma Don Wilson. When comparing protagonists of similar PM efforts, and Jeff Vincott and C. Thomas Hovell was nominated for Oscars in comparison with Don Wilson. Another sign is that this was directed by Richard Pepin, who does not have any of the inspiration that Joseph Mary had in the creation of action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then again and C. Thomas and Vincott are probably more expensive. Ciber Tracker 2 is rip off with captain R, there are so many thefts from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier even for Halloween III!) It's almost like Richard Pepin trying to put the sense of identity into pedestrian material, but without intelligent ideas or at least a mindless zip of great action, the Ciber Tracker 2 falls flat. Literally, there is no good idea that is not borrowed from a better film, and the supporting helmet is exaggerated. The only exception is Tony Burton, who is miles better than material. And Stacie Foster looks like she could be better with much better material. However, the Ciber Tracker 2 appears mostly as noisy, mild and dark as its leading man, but without the real sequences of martial arts that rely on it, everything that exists is a lot of overtaking cars and this is not a substitute for bankruptcy here expressed ambition. 1/2 of 4- (Poor)
