When they killed the character of John Amos, they shot the show. He was a vital part of the info structure. You had a story about a family in the interior of a city struggling to do it the best way they knew it. They were poor, they were black and they were living evidence that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too hard. Of course, James would lose his job and JJ would collapse at school, but the family has always managed to find a way. James was a strong male model who earned income and disciplined children. Florida was a strong lady who should, for all, including James, should have a shoulder or hug. The children had personalities and contributions that made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor Villona was also a key element because she represented not only friends, but also enough to be a family. Things were bright, big, funny and sincere until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ takes the show. Flo was still a mother, Thelma bloomed in the lady, and Michael was still a militant dwarf, but JJ was a shov. We were expected to believe that a family without a father or a prominent bread would be able to stay in the apartment. I suppose James's salary did not make a big contribution to the family. They just threatened to evict them because they said they were moving, not because no one in the house was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma, and even Michael eventually got a job, but come here. James did so much that you could feel it, but the others were not real at all, and that's a shame. It's okay to be funny, but they had the opportunity to show the real family and what it took to survive in the real world and they all threw it on a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared, while the rest of his head slid into the shadow of JJ Evan's performance. I mean, indeed, here was a guy who fell into school, he was always fired, and he painted for money in two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not care about it. ? He could sell pictures on the street or work for people who print billboards and tickets. (He did, but something was wrong with that.) Why did he fail and why did the others give up their dreams? I'll tell you why, because they did not have a father in their lives to take care of them and to cheer them up, and their mother ceased to be theirs to support their dreams. The emission ceased to teach us about growth, construction, and learning, and began to teach us about tricks and phrases. They should have kept James. If any performance needed a father, that was the one.
