Okay ... it seems that until now only fans of Barman commented on this film - time for counterpoint. Be careful, this record is * LONG *. <Br /> <br /> For those who do not know (mostly non-Belgians): Tom Barman, the director of this film, the frontman of DEUS, is one of the most famous. rock bands in the late 90's here in Belgium. Basically, they made a couple of very adventurous and innovative albums and quickly became famous at the national level. Then they began to hurt the ego and the band basically collapsed, and Barman and a few others left to continue to make albums under the dEUS-monicker. The way this always happens in such cases, the dEUS after the failure was much stricter and less interesting than the original. They tried to go on an international breakthrough with their album "The Ideal Crash" in 1999, introducing a much-diluted form of their earlier style of song writing. They did not really succeed. However, the egoes are still quite large, it seems they are large enough to make Barman an artist enough to try the movies. Often is not exactly a big mistake, and this film does not make an exception. And Barman obviously went to * art * on this, another big mistake. First, he is a musician, not a film director. On the other hand, dEUS is the best way to entertain and provoke music, but never anything like what I would consider art. That shows. What is it about? Basically, it tells a story about a bunch of completely uninteresting people who work equally uninteresting things flow completely uninteresting Friday in Antwerp, because they had no nezanimljivija thing in the sense that it is not interesting. The characters are shallow, the action is completely meaningless, and the film has no other features to compensate for these shortcomings. Humor? The whole movie smiled me (little) about 3 times, and in fact I managed to cause a laugh of 5 seconds (not very loud). Mood? It seems that the film does not show any emotion or feeling at all. Mystery? Well, (* MINOR SPOILER *) idea of ​​"man of the wind", inspiring the name of the film is mesmerizing as pizza banana pepper - not really, and it was done a thousand times before (everyone remembers Johnny Destiny - one of Tarantino's worst performance in the film to now (* END MINOR SPOILER *). and well, his * art *, so do not expect any real action to make up for all the previous ones. In other words, apart from a few smiles, that I'm tired of my shorts. <br /> <br /> Well, then what's left? Well, the soundtrack is pretty good, although it's suffering from the same problems that other OSTs showed in p osljednje time: first, it seems that the movie is just a commercial for the CD. Second, it appears that Barman tries to hide weaknesses and lack of emotional content in the film's content quality songs, which just does not work. In the end, the film makes it look as nothing more than illustrations for the songs. and unfortunately, Barmansov own contribution to the soundtrack that draws the most attention, although this is the weakest part of the whole soundtrack, for all I care. All in all, it only shows that Barman knows more about music than about movies. Working with cameras is also fine, but not nothing that would make you scream with joy. The only thing about this movie that kept me eye was the factor of view. Since I originated in Antwerp, it was fun to play some kind of "hit location" game. I would hardly consider it a quality. All in all, another chance lost for the Flemish movie. I constantly notice that the best French films lately come from the French part of the country. This is mainly because at least they have something to say and succeed in saying it in a way that is both sharp and emotional (brothers Daerden come to mind). Perhaps filmmakers from Flemish art should try it.
