What we have here is the classic case of TOOs of many patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with a very small (almost no) cinema history. When does anyone make a more ambitious film project? apart from the usual drama about farmer's struggling families or long films by local comedians? Everyone feels compelled to love him, and even be responsible for spreading favorable reviews across borders of countries. This is especially the case when the writer / director of this film is already the soul of the nation, because he is also the founder and singer of the popular rock band. "Ani Vai The Vind Blovs" is by no means a bad movie, but it is definitely overestimated (if possible even within the borders of a small country) and there is absolutely nothing new or even original to offer. It is basically a Flemish version of classic films such as "short cuts" and "magnolia" and illustrates the mosaic of characters whose daily life at first seems unconnected, but ultimately gather at the end. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually deeper links between them become transparent and close to the climax all gather for entertainment. The main problem with "Ani Vai The Vind Blovs", at least according to your truth, lies in the characters. They are really random, uninteresting, and honestly do not experience anything that could be considered unusual. It is presumed that the intention of the writer / director Tom Barman to show the average and permanent Antwerp inhabitant, but then, seriously, what is the purpose? One of the characters was fired from his film projection work, the other was a failed novelist who is fighting a crisis in marriage, two brothers and sisters recently lost their father and the most mysterious of them is followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are a few other characters who regularly go through the screen, but they are even less valuable. These people simply mingle around very random topics (such as the life of the 80's, dates and bowel movements) and the philosophy of things that nobody cares about. Some of the dialogues cause mild confusion, especially the interaction between the two twenty and nine from Ghent, but still nothing extraordinary or even unforgettable. The film best works as a tourist video that promotes the city of Antwerp and as an extended and versatile music documentary. In Antwerp there are several stylish and elegant pictures for the sightseeing of the city, and it's always wonderful to play music, either really loud or subtle in the background. Generally speaking, "Ani Vai The Vind Blovs" is a competently made and elegant effort, but too earthly and a bit boring, and I sincerely wonder that most of his fans would even do their best to see whether it is a Flemish production.
