I almost abandoned, but I paid my money, and my almost disgusting friend wanted to endure it. After the dear, wide eyes of the innocence of "New Hope" and the thrilling sophistication of the "Empire Strikes Back", I remember expecting the "Back of the Jedi" with almost awaiting the pain. But from the introductory scene of this offensive commercial sewage, I was bitterly disappointed and horrified by Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this horror undoubtedly proves that he does not have a subatomic particle of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I would continue to amplify this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please be sure to sack the barrels of the jury members first). From the initial raising of the Gateway to Jabba, this "movie" was nothing more than a two-and-a-quarter advertisement for as many licensed, profitable action figures as Lucas could have hoped for in it - swine guards, hockey-tickled flesh , that devil-muppet-five Jabba's devil, new and recycled figures of cabaret, monsters, etc., etc., vomitum. Then there were disgustingly sweet and selling Evox. A bunch on top of all aliens. Fifteen seconds on the screen (or less) and boys only GOTTA have one for their collection. Clearly, the exploitative financial feeding of children is troubling. Lucas did not even make any effort to think of a new plot - he just exhumed the Star of Death from "New Hope" and raised cheap feelings. What a terrible slap to his fans. I can not shake off the notion that Lucas took a perverse delight in applying this shit to his fans: "I have these lemmings hooked so badly that I can get out the worst stench, stinking rubbish I can dream of. All the girls will cry and torture their parents until they I bought a brace for a complete collection of action figures of each individual, underdeveloped, caricatured caricature I put in, and this would make me more rude. "There may have been a poor, partly a lot of redemption moments in this miserable break." It seems to me that H rison Ford barely managed to keep his nose above the surface of the septic tanks. But, regardless of the few bright spots, were summarily deleted offensive commercialism that Lucas is so eagerly accepted this total, absolute sale for profit.
