Freddi's Dead: Final Nightmare begins as a dream demon Freddie Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves the teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood without remembering who he is and why he is there. Local police pick it up and take it to a youth center interviewed by child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane), finds a newspaper in their pocket that leads them to Elm Street in Springwood where they discover that there are no children in them that reveal that there are no children in them. and therefore no sacrifice for Freddy kills anyone. It turned out that this worked out a plan to find Freddie's daughter and use her to escape from Springwood. When Maggie understands what Freddie and some children decide to kill Freddie and all of them ... Director Rachel Talalai is made with the intention of being the ultimate nightmare on Film "The Eagle's Street" which is At that time, he reached five, of course, as any horor movie fan, if there is more money to be made of a franchise or a character, then there is no chance in Hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare will be the last one that, of course, was not. The A Nightmare on Elm Street series was a low-yield franchise because the films fell in quality as the series progressed until we arrived here. Freddi's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which is probably the worst of all for my money. The film is moving at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it's so stupid, childish and feels like some type of live caricature with some terrible scenes of horror that make up a million miles from Ves Craven's tense and effective original early 80's. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is trapped inside the video game played by Freddie is terrible by herself, but then we are treated to his body images in reality bouncing around the house from wall to wall and flooring to the ceiling which is the most funny thing I've ever seen time, or maybe early scenes when boyfriend John Doe falls off the plane to the ground just like a cartoon character from Coiote in the cartoon Road Runner, or an absurd view of Freddie that threatens the deaf Carlos's needle that he intends to drop to the floor to produce loud noise or when it's on the edge u kill knife scratches on the board. You can not take this seriously and I just sat there and I did not fully believe what I see. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero is given a secretly powerful special weapon, yes, that's exactly a couple of cardboard 3-D glasses! The characters are poor, the dialogue is bad and the plot is confusing, the continuity of Elm Street is not kept, and in all, the film is a bit messy, the best I can say is that there is a lot of unintentional humor and you can laugh at it. The film has big tone problems because it is trying to be dark, intimidating and malicious, but it's so stupid and it just looks funny sometimes and every attempt to seriously fall completely flat. There are not many stings in this, there are some cut fingers, some stings, someone falls on a nail bed and that's all. The body number is very low here with just three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddi's Dead: The Final Nightmare was actually filmed in 3-D, although the version I've seen presented this section as normal, so I can not comment on how well it works or does not work, but you can definitely see recordings that are intended to be seen in the 3-D format using this process. Special effects vary, some are pretty good, while others are terrible, and Freddy's burned make-up looks pretty bad. This obviously had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had a box for the weekend - the office occupies $ 12,000,000) and the movie has some nice visual touches and gags that makes the thing feel even more like it's already in question. The acting is very bad of the mainstream leaders, although there are a few strange comedies, including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. Freddi's Dead: Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all the series and despite some unintended laughing value, there is not much to recommend or enjoy here. The fans of the series will like it and defend it, but for me this is far from the original classic Shock of Ves Craven. It was followed by the New Nightmare (1994), which tried to bring Freddy Krueger and the series into a new and different direction.
