WARNING: OVERVIEW OF MILD SPOILERS <br /> A few years ago, I managed to see the first five films in this franchise and I was planning to review the entire Elm St. However, only two years later I find that I do not remember enough about them to do it? I guess they could not give much impression. From what I remember, some of the sequels? Dream Varriors especially ?? they were not as bad as they often are, although even the original was not a classic. Generally, the predictability of the premise (if people sleep, they are killed in their dreams) can not be attributed to narrative tension. Although I can not remember much of the first five films, I know they never managed to penetrate the depths of Freddy's dead. Indication of how much Freddy was ill at this time can be judged by the fact that the film was promoted solely for the sake of death. The fact that the film's conclusion is not even hidden, but in fact the whole purpose of the film is to illustrate how this venture was empty, soulless, and cynical. Taking a morally questionable idea of ​​the child abuser as a charismatic negativac, the impassioned interpretation of Robert Englund screams with laughter. I always thought Freddie's humiliation to the teenage victims was less directed to characters than to a teenage audience who could ever watch this bug. As if Englund shouts: "We know this is garbage, but you pay to see him, so who is laughing?" And I'm sure that the victims of child abuse would be discouraged to see such an insensitive view of their condition. Is Freddie's film performance always so rudimentary? Anything he can do is a few "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr" har? Har? Hars "and that's it. If this is the only Elm Street movie you've ever seen, you would not even get to know the character. Even while the pre-deadly figure in the flashback, Englund plays it as a bu-hiss pantomime scoundrel with a fall in Transatlantic i.e., excessive, lost and no funny) irony. The play is almost universally poor See how many times Breckin Meier responds to the gesture of the hand and body language Only Kananga, Iaphet Kotto, retains its dignity. the appearance of Roseanne, Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper, you can almost see how film tones further into the mud, and the scenario is absolutely bad, almost completely without merit. [Ricki Dean Logan opens a road map, where Noel Covard - like Freddie, wittyly wrote "you are a ** ked." When asked for the map, Carlos answers: "Okay, the map says we're f ** ked." Who wrote the script, Oscar Wilde? Or, as if to make the scene of Carlos bother Freddie, his hearing increased to painful levels? So, Freddy is bothering him with the threat of dropping the pin? potentially fatal sound, since all the sounds are enlarged. Strange, the fact that Carlos yells at the top of his voice to not drop it, seems to have no effect. "I hear fine from you, Carlos," cried Freddie, hoping to get some better lines. It should also be noted that sleep does not occur immediately so that pollution would not allow the current approach to Freddie's world. Although the narrative contains a human computer game and the logic of the 3-D final plot, it is not so high on the list of applications. , dislikeable group in the whole series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who can greet Freddie with "close up f ** k up, man" and hitting scallops. And did unconnected pop music always be part of the ingredients? Freddi's Dead. No laughs. No scares. No interest. There is no fun. <br /> <br />
