In fact, they do not, but they did it when they tried to think of an unusual line that adequately sums up how horrible this entry is in the series. There were some moments that could have been good, but they are mostly overtaken by your own conversion into missed opportunities, and do not run me in the wrong. Spent opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll react here if anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen a movie and genuinely throws away, is advised to stop reading at this time. The first, and potentially the biggest, lost opportunity, was a plot with Freddy's long-lost child. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddie seems to suffer (and maybe I'll speed up to add that less than one percent of mental patients threaten other people, leave it alone) is HEREDITARY, why not a mysterious slasher in which Lisa Zane dreams that Freddie killed the teenagers, but later we found out that she was actually doing all the murders? Sounds like a good idea for you? Apparently it was above the heads of Talalai and De Luca. Then there is the way to Springfield, where the entire population of adolescents is destroyed, and the rest of the adults experience some sort of mass psychosis. Quite funny, they said that mass psychosis is actually shown in a realistic and convincing way, although this has a lot to do with the fact that we never show too much. They gave us only brief visual notions of the massive loss of relationship with reality that would result from the sorrow of every young man in a city dying for reasons beyond understanding and control. The essential problem with this element of complication, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without the right answers. This collection of scenes would be far worse with ten minutes of talk ... a normal citizen who explains to these visitors why the Springfield fair looks like a horror show. Of course, horror films have never been recorded for their character development, unless they are the kind of horror movies that John Carpenter has been accustomed to directing, but how should we really care when the characters we know almost do not die ? At least Ves Craven took the time to put his characters in the original, and used a few cheap tricks to attract the audience. That, in short, is probably the biggest problem with Freddie Dead: he simply does not try everything, he is left hard enough. In a similar way I feel like I'm sorry, Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inextricably linked with Freddy's character. He played much better characters in far better productions (for example, the science-fantastic miniseries "V"), and he always remembered "the man who played Freddy" and sold it quite briefly. It seems that he will never break the mold of horror movies. As far as the rest of the actors are concerned, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently typed as something more than the terrible B-Class props. Even Iaphet Kotto can not escape from this unharmed, because his character is one of the longest written in the history of B-movies. All in all, Freddi's Dead gets 1 of me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. The FD is indeed a testimony to how the writer's inability to use the concept to a large extent can destroy not only the film, but the entire franchise.
