I also read Tom Robbins, even cowards, as a teenager. I loved every word. It was sexy, funny and full of glamorous landscapes and beautiful writing. But when I saw a movie, I could not believe what a boring, sour, volatile piece of garbage was. How did it happen? I think someone in Hollywood read this book and submitted it to "GAI PRIDE - AN IMPORTANT - LESBIANS". (This is the headline of the Congress Library.) Now everyone who is older than 12 years old who reads the book will know that NOTHING will work with real lesbians, more than STAR VARS is not about a true journey through space. The book is obvious - and I mean OBOJNO - written by a heterosexual man who likes the IDEU lesbians (naked, all the time), but has never met one. Still, someone in Hollivood said, "uh oh, better give this to some gay director or Gai People will make trouble." So they surrendered him to Gus Van Sant. Nothing against a man, but - no matter how gay he really was - he has no idea how to make a funny movie. Gus Van Sant took a playful fantasy of girls / girlfriends without guilt, and male voyeurism turned him into a boring, literally-oriented lesbian recruiting poster. It's like converting Oscar Wilde's comedy to Arthur Miller's tragedy. It's not nice. The main clue that Gus Van Sant absolutely had no idea what to do with the original material was mercilessly bad throw. His influence enabled him to hire the best. His ignorance of the actual subtext of the novel (a fantasy of a real man, and not a poster of homosexual pride) has caused a choice that was not only bad but also bizarre. BLUES. PAT MORITA as "THE CHINK" OK, few names of Asian actors. And Pat Morita, in HAPPI DAIS, was pretty fun. But throw it like THE CHINK is wrong, wrong, wrong. Pat Morita has no idea that Chink is a very funny man. (Gus did not tell him.) Pat also does not know that Chink is. . . good, SEKS !!! The old wise Mr. Miyagi is not in the book. It's more like Hugh Hefner! He is an early old goat and knows much about how to satisfy the silly and delicate Sissi AND Bonanza Jellibean. (You see, in the book, they're not really lesbians. Do you realize that this is still the real human fantasy?) JOHN HURT as "COUNTESS". Okay, he's a gay friendly man. But he's serious, an actor! You need someone who is fun, and a camp for this role. For John Hurto to be thrown like a stupid guy like the Countess is tragic and sad. I was always expecting Paul Scofield to wander into everything dressed up as Thomas More, and sadly shake his head. "Now, Richard, you know that you completely lost your soul. For shame, my ex-student!" And yes, John Hurt was fun (and quite gay) like Caligula. But it was black humor, not played and sweet humor as a book. CHAIN ​​PHOENIX as "Bonanza Jellibean." No talent, no training, no problems. Except in the book Bonanza funny, playful, cheerful, (mostly) heterosexual and beloved. The film is crazy, passive, insensitive and boring. As for her taste for women, Robbins in the book says this. "God knows I love women, but nothing can replace the place that suits him." Uh, Gus? Have you read this book? UMA THURMAN as "Sissi Hankshav." This is a difficult role. In Sissi's book, she's a really passionate, passionate heroine. Nevertheless, a successful actress could make a blink in her eye, or the impact of her walk, implies some type of hidden power or hidden enjoyment in her adventures. The mind does not pull it, probably because Gus never said that Sissi should enjoy the fact that it is a hiker with a beautiful body and huge thumbs. The mind plays more like it is in a TV movie about a girl who dies of leukemia. This film is sour and boring. And I blame you, Gus Van Sant!
