* Can contain a spoiler * A few weeks after I first wrote my review for the Hood of the Dead Dead, I realized that I might have been too rough on this movie. That's why I decided to do something that I never did before. Review the same movie again. Do not misunderstand me, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's bullshit, and I still think zombies do not look just like zombie-ish. The story in the film is still, in my opinion, weak and pretty limp. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who accidentally works on things that heals sick cells, in animals), and his brother Germaine, the two of them are not very good at terms (mine, my original plot) and I argue a lot . One day, Germaine was killed in a shootout, and Rick calls his scientist to bring the serum in order to try to reintroduce Germaine (while most people would call 911, but whatever), of course, the serum fails and Germaine "dies" (if it is not happened, there would be no film), after the police and the coroner (until the end of the day still thought that the nurses may need to appear) leave the scene shown by the coroner (which I still consider only somebody van with a "mortgage" sticker thrown from the side) , and Germaine returns to life to attack and kill nurses. I would rather talk about the plot, but I feel that if I find out more about this story, you would not want to watch it (and we would not want to do it now?), But it is enough to say that the story (my opinion is at least) is meandering and fairly it's moving slowly (it's not intended to be). As I already said in my review, zombies do not look just like zombies, and I still think they look like they were in the fight. That does not mean that everyone should be ruined and not yet, but still they should be at least traces of bites on the victims. I still do not like the fact that the director (s) constantly change the pace of zombies. It seemed that I could not decide whether or not zombies run or rub (as most zombie movies do), do not misunderstand me, I'm for zombies, but for your minds. In one scene, the zombie runs towards the living, and in the other, it just gambles towards them. And sometimes they just do not look convincing (to know their fictitious creatures, but still), of course, I'm talking about a zombie that runs his hand on the wall as if walking through a dark living room, and I still do not like the zombies lying on the ground, shot is, and then jerk as if he was just shot. The sound in the film also tortured me, mostly music, which, although it may have been just my copy of the movie, seemed pretty absent. Music in the movie is important. Especially when the sound editing sounded like the director just took the camcorder and recorded a zombie. The act is still cruel (in my opinion) and at the same level as the American "actors" of the Japanese film about Junk Zombies. The film is still bad, almost the House of the Dead is bad, it's better, there's no doubt about it, but it does not say much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it's better than a lot of direct video movies that are there, but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think the movie is moving really slow, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening of a song). This is a type of film that I think is suitable for the premiere of the Sci-Fi network. That's why I am obliged to give this debacle film one of ten. But think about it this way, at least not negative.
