That was no doubt the worst thing I ever spent money on. I feel dirty to admit that I rented this 'movie' and actually paid the money to see it. This does not even appreciate the trash. No no. This is the juice that is collected on the bottom of industrial containers located in particularly inaccessible settlements after an extremely humid flight. Calling this garbage would be to degrade garbage everywhere. It was so bad that I had to log in to the IMDb and warn my colleagues. This character Luvahire claims that this film is excellent. His understanding of reality must be re-examined. Let's take some of his comments and analyze them. "The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job." I see. Well, if the director imagined his audience to swing and thump at every sentence that Ricki uttered or alternately shooting in an uncontrollable laugh at moments when most directors wanted their viewers to become darker, then yes; Ricky did an extraordinary job. "I am an actor who aspires to play theater at his school and I had to make a play where I had to cry and it's not easy to be emotional in the scene so I give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and I can pull it out. "Vov. And I have to give props to actors who can raise emotional scenes. Luvahire, you may want to look at another line of business, comrade if you think that stupidity has retreated. However, they can help you if you need to practice crying. Just watch the movie. ha. ha. ha. "Bring to the Sequence" If I were your teacher at a theater in school, I would just miss you based on this comment. I'm too busy to continue. Now I will reverse the film dealing with my associate, Mr. Bangli. Hovdi! If you continue to read this far, I assume you have already watched the movie, and now you are looking for one of two things in this comment: 1) The additional vitriolic humiliation of what you agree is an extremely bad movie. 2) The additional vitriolic humiliation of what you feel was a good cinematic effort that needs to be defended from such a defamatory scam as I am. Regardless of whether you want to help to articulate your indulgence or ammunition for an exciting reaction, if I say something good, it will only disappoint you - so I can assure you, there are small chances for such a disappointment. Other negative comments on the IMDb have already listed some of the shortcomings of the film (eg acting, soundtrack, direction, dialogue, editing, etc.), but all of these errors can be easily forgiven by themselves. Few people will rent a movie called "Hood of the Dead Dead" if they demand that these elements be top-notch. The ultimate failure of "Hood", however, is its failure to fulfill a vast promise of its name. "Hood of the Dead Dead" practically jumps from the shelf in a video with the implications of torn one-layer and terrible creative murders. Here's a chance to mix the giant cube of the zombie movie with the realism of life in the ghetto, that zombies-gangsta-criminals bombard 'innocent lives while making dronjke, to lead to the careless pimps' too deadly policemen in their deceived journeys. A mixture of two genres could be hilarious. Instead, the film looks more like looking at high school students who scarely deliver lines in a performance they perform, but do not understand. In order to avoid a sense of betrayal on the side of my video-audience, I suggest that Kuiroz brothers release the movie again with the following new title: "Hood of the Dead Dead: A home-made horror video that we recorded on our camcorder with some friends over the weekend last summer because we were bored. "Or maybe I can post them as a documentary." Died daily creativity: researching how a low-budget film can still be perfectly deprived of smart or original thoughts despite the lack of links to the main film studio. " Potential law The pac whose interest has not been suppressed, should find the next shot at the back of the video case: "The Kuiroz Brothers once again proved that watching things that you can easily do is not very interesting. "- Mr. Bangla
