In the Sohore director Barjatie Vivah, the 20th that Delhi boy Shahid Kapur found hit by a modest little girl from his small town that his father chose for him. Inspired by her innocence and simplicity, Shahid marries only a few moments after meeting her in Madhupuru, and the young lady Amrita Rao appears to be under the influence of a charming co-worker. Marriage is fixed six months later, and the couple is in the first troubles of a young, love love, regardless of their geographical distance. But Amrita, raised by her uncle and aunt after the death of her parents, was hit by a terrible accident just hours before her marriage. And then Shahid was playing a loving lover and hugging unconditionally. Much in the same spirit as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjati's new film Vivah is also at one level a family drama with utterly idealistic premise. But, unfortunately, the plot of this new film seems too outdated, even more strenuous than those regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps. And the problem is clear? you can not treat so pure characters that do not have one bad bone in your body. There are many things that work for and against films in Hindi, and timing is one of the important factors. Twenty-five years ago, maybe Vivaha might not have felt like such a stretch, but today it just seems like a product of a mind stuck in a time warp. Perhaps the only saving grace of the film is that frankness is exhausted from the very beginning to the end, one can immediately understand that the director does not want to deceive. Judging by Barjati's previous films and careful consideration of this new one, you can safely state that Barjati believes in the perfect world, he believes in his good-golden characters, believes that large families can live together happily under the same roof without But unfortunately, he is not able transfer your vision to the screen. It's hard to see how many of their protagonists are one-dimensional? Shahid and Amrita, both lively and virgin? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatia may think she returns to Maine Piar Kiia's roots with Vivah, but the truth is that we accepted Salman and Bhagiashree in that movie, or even Salman and Madhuri to Hum Aapke Hain Koun because they had such fantastic chemistry. For though they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples had evil and grease. Shahid and Amrita are just rude and boring. For a movie that relies so much on music to tell its story, the director chooses a series of 70s melodies that only slow down the pace of the film. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah does not work for me, that's because I'm not sure I can deal with any person living in Barjati's story. For some, Vivah will give hope that it is a perfect world like this actually somewhere there somewhere. But I think I'm a little cynical. Well, give me the cocktail Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me brother Salman from Maine Piar Kiy, I'll even take that nasty Karismu Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these boring. You know, some marriages are not made in the sky. This is Vivah!
