If this documentary was not filmed by the famous French director Louis Malle, I would probably turn it off after the first 15 minutes, because it was an incredibly tedious look at an ordinary American city in the Midwest of 1979. my idea of ​​a funny theme and a movie recording looked like a collection of home movies. Given that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. Because it was a pretty boring documentary about the style of life, I wondered while I was watching what message they were trying to convey? It may be that values ​​are not as conservative as you can think - it was the basic message through many vignettes (such as republicans whose son was a policeman, as well as a man and a lady who thought that sex outside marriage was quite good. Or maybe it meant that there was a lot of intolerance in the backdrop of a beautiful hometown - because a few ugly ideas such as the accusation of the Jews for financial conspiracy, anti-black intolerance and homophobia have been briefly researched. The small town of 1979 was explored in great depth and shown is an idyllic world, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressing thanks to President Reagan.This looked very dishonest for several reasons: First, the 1979 part was almost 90% of the film, and the last 10% was only from a few interviews of people who blamed the president for almost everything except acne. What about the rest of the city? Did everyone see Reagan as evil or that their lives became more negative? With just a few updates, it looked suspicious. Secondly, although it is true that the national debt has doubled in the meantime, it has also done a gross national product. And while Malleus showed in 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from that, since the period from 1974 to 1980 had many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), Strikes, high inflation and general weakness. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan because the growth of government has not slowed down during his administration, the country was, in general, far more optimistic than it was in Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (the popular sport of the 80's), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary seems to be very one-sided and guided by the plan. Whether the documentary was covered in more detail in 1985 and did not seem too negative to be believed (after all, they did not worsen their lives - this is contrary to common sense), then I might have thought differently. /> Overall, it's not a wonderful documentary that has been proclaimed by some - from a boring movie in 1979 to an extremely tilted view of 1985. By the way, whether or not it seems to me is the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS inspired, at least partially, by this movie? They were both set up in similar communities, but this second film was hilarious mockumentaries without any serious underestimation.
