When I started looking at Muppet's at Manhattan, sudden presentations and dialogue convinced me to watch something new, so you can imagine my surprise when I got to the IMDb and read it was made in 1984. Muppet Shov when he was at its peak, but spins like this one and Muppet Babies (obviously based on a very scary sequence in this movie) are the absolute overture of all Muppet stuff. I often wondered why the Muppets attracted such a mockery of such film critics as Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad that Muppets Take Manhattan (from now on TMTM) has set the right to it. Of course, many series experienced a massive drop in quality when the third episode appeared: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, even Night Of The Dead Dead. So, although it's not a surprise that TMTM is smaller than the Muppet Movie or the Great Muppet Caper, the surprise is entirely in how much less than the great debut or its slight tracking of TMTM. Not only is music much less satisfying, the scenes that connect it all are terrible. Of course, there are some redeemed and truly funny moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is great in every scene you inhabit, so thanks to the spirit of small mercies that he appears in a series where his eccentricity is maximally exploited. The problem is, there are no scenes that work. The story, like her, is about the broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. It goes through many trials and troubles, including the suspicious suspicion that the viewer has to have seen all this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to do this time. Charles Durning was film gold as Doc Hopper, the fast food chain owner who wants to use Kermit for his job. Charles Grodin was a dynamite like Nicki Holidai, a jewel thief who Muppet's have to fight to save Miss Piggy from life in prison. It is said that the hero is only good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the size of the previous two films. Charles Grodin also emphasizes what's wrong with TMTM. Namely, music is bullshit. The initial number of Manhattan Melodies, which is at the center of TMTM, to make it very nice, seems to make the nonsense that now dominates the airwaves seem coordinated. Perhaps I just allow my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of the words and phrases that appear to me, but songs like The Rainbov Connection have inspired tears of joy, not irritation. Grodov's great solo during the Great Muppet Caper, without having the same reason, he raised a tone of eight films. He's a class. And if there is one thing that TMTM can use, it increases by eight steps, in addition to achieving class presumptions. TMTM also feels very compressed time, a story that jumps from the scene to the scene without any consideration in order to come up with or give a story to cohesion. Maddoh himself stressed that the transition and cohesion make the film feel like a coherent whole, and not as a mess of thrown pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. While TMTM has its guest stars, they are either used poorly (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or completely outside of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabnei Coleman). Call this a waste of time for a puppet and the actor is flattering. The absence of extreme routine for viewers is especially painful here after Animal's "go home" postScript for The Muppet Movie in particular. What emphasizes another problem. The characters are at best badly written, and none of their individual games is visible or can be heard. An animal sometimes speaks unique words, but they have nothing to do with the complication, or talking about it. Tell me what you want about sets that are designed to show character, but think about the animal's moment after you have eaten instant growth pills, or his "bones" after the incident when he pulled the window to the top of his fellow Mupet. Now you see if you can remember one single memorable moment with an individual Muppet, except a humorous misunderstanding of a three-dimensional pop-up movie. Give up? Then you proved my point. Since the Labyrinth, one of the best and most timeless products of Henson outside Muppets, arrived just two years later, TMTM makes it all the more mysterious. Perhaps this failure convinced Jim Henson to reconsider his strategy on the development and use of character. Or maybe failure can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at that time had just finished working with George Lucas on what many would agree on to be the youngest episode in the original Star Wars Star Trek. The writers were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I will let them do it, despite the fact that the script is one of the most important parts of the film. Production is also significantly improved, as Muppets appear capable of moving to ways that were previously outside of them. If the story and script were better thought, TMTM could be at least comparable to the Big Muppet's coat. As it stands now, it is an excellent answer to the question of whether the Muppet writers are influenced or excluded. For this reason, I gave Muppet Manhattan three out of ten. Two for marking real quality and bonus for the moments of a Swedish chef. Without him, this film would be unrivaled.
