This notorious career of Cohen Wauters attracted my attention through the "Night of Bad Flavor". Judging by the index of comments, I was not the first and I will not be the last person in Western Europe who found out that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best in our contemporary pop scene, even the Dutch agree on it) tried to be an actor. Whether it should try or not, it can not be tried. In 'Intensive Care' he's pretty cute, but he seems to be embarrassed to be involved in it. Nobody can blame him. She deserves to be ranked at the Verheyen Hall of Fame with all the means and standards. The story of a killer maniac who died in an accident, but alive and angry, has been told dozens of times earlier, and even without original reversals, the director can deliver more than a central story through innovative settings and cinema. /> IC is satisfied with the hospital wing and several middle class houses. The pace is boring. The tension loses the last part of its credibility in the musical partitures, because every performance of the killer is accompanied by a tedious, threatening tune, followed by orchestral falls during murders, which was or to a large extent suggested, and in any case bloodless as a small budget. can make them. The scene of sex is unreasonable, but not the least attractive. However, a couple from Amsterdam could succeed. As I deal with a pair object: the whole medium between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could be established on the screen that they were only victims of future victims who relax their nerves in half the physical relationship. I will not even give other members of the cast dignity, because everyone should be chopped into small pieces. Actually, most of them do it. Those I remember where they were obvious for the genre: a beautiful nurse and two policemen. Accordingly, in the slasher, the cavalry comes only in time to be saved alone. (Anti) hero must get out the bad guy, mostly through clever thinking, because the former red berets often do not get parts in these films; they could overcome the illusion of invincibility surrounding the killer. Translated to events, Vauters kills a doctor and rescues the lady in trouble. No people, I have not finished. It's not about that. Vauters made his heroic attempt, but was beaten with rage that is approaching "A Clockvork Orange", so he is on a girlfriend to pick up a killer for a drill and break through the brains of a doctor. Although this method ensures the death of a killer more than the usual 9mm bullets, the doctor survives to allow IC to reach the mark of 80 minutes. I should have extracted my opinion so far. Intensive care is a bad movie, which can only be enjoyed by lovers of bad taste, who can check Verheien's remarkable statements and make something for themselves, and thus try to get through it. For example, the (unintentional) parodic value of the medical clown mask (Night of the Witch) and the final conflict in the park (running at the end of Friday 13). However, let me conclude by giving an overview of a few miserable elements that give little credit to the IC. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is endure a terrible monologue by a fellow doctor / French actor and be horrified when he allows him to fall into flames to mark his great name in place. He could play his naked part again, end up like beef, but with a longer screen time. Finals can be one of them. I've never seen a maniac that was knocked down by putting fireworks into its intestines to crush it on a flexible fence. It's good for laughter. Give one good point on intensive care ... Koen Vauters has learned his lesson and devoted himself to his musical career. That's why I wonder how many releases of the Paris-Dakar race must stop before they feel. <br /> <br />
