The premise and the topic that a criminal understood what his victims had been through by capturing his family as hostages sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was dedicated 20 years ago to the fine film by director Randy Tandon in his film "Javab" (1985). The problem here is the director of Acea Rajkumar Santoshi, he found himself in some kind of confusion as to whether to do so at a quick pace of the action thriller (viz. Khakee) or the heavy drama with rich emotions (Viz Damini) and this confusion is quite obvious in the final outcome. If we ignore the two of his - Pukara (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us quite exciting films of high entertainment value, so this film is a surprise, which makes this sensitive film script a half-characteristic characterization of its protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Arieman: As the film ends, the audience did not know who to hate and sympathize with, and this factor is the main limiting force in a complete narration, that is, what begins as a war between ordinary man and man, the underworld ends up being clarified by Amos and Don denounce what went wrong with his family. The discovery of Don's son as real malice does not come as a surprise element at the peak that, compared to a similar situation in 'Khakee, has worked so well with Aishwarya's character, that's not all, there's more to it. The life of the underworld Don, acting from abroad, seems completely illogical: his open consent to Mumbai, from where he is supposed to escape, as well as run for his enemies and shoot at them alone, does not seem credible. such as Arieman vs. Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea again, but the film has some plus points: the fine chamber work of Ashok Mehta, two good sequences of struggle (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some light-acting Akshai Kumar scenes In the first half, Santoshi's fast treatment and, of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, are trying to invest life in their lifelong character, but all this does not make this watching with exciting experience. r you and your family!
