Looking back at this, I found myself heartfelt to see the way they sincerely tried to bring the book to the screen, even if the small budget and the actors meant an inevitable failure. By any objective measure, this was a disaster, but it was easy for me to imagine how the film Lord of the Rings could be good if someone made it honestly - and money to hire the most talented artists and scriptwriters. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, it will not be possible for a long time. Watching this movie left me with the impression that with any budget in general, this story simply can not be filled up. Fantasy only offers so many opportunities for shooting an interesting movie. There were many moments in this film that were potentially more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did, although, of course, you must always use your imagination for poor performance. The way they tried to show the world of ghosts from Frodo's point of view, for example. Or the way Galadriel showed Sam what is happening at home for another. Another thing I really appreciated in this version - quiet moments. There were moments when the dialogue was spoken without background music against the still retreat. Compare it with the Jackson movie gamers, and an intrusive result that seemed to emphasize that each scene was the worst and stronger scene we've ever seen. Jackson's films were full of their own, that was quieter and much more modest. Jackson and who achieved this with more than $ 270 million in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a huge tax relief from the NZ government, and also made huge savings from shooting in the NZ, and not in the US. However, despite marketing claims, the intention to be faithful never existed. This is well documented. Philippa Boiens said this in an interview when she said that they deliberately did not read the books again before writing the script. Jackson also said that they initially intended to make a fantasy film "modeled on" the master of the ring, and that he really wanted to return to the king, because he had many battles but without character development. On the contrary, this film tried to be more truthful. Of course, a lot of things were wrong, the acting was terrible and quite flooded, and the pace was too fast. Of course, they have cut out a lot and customized other scenes, and for that they deserve recognition. While Jackson added many action scenes that did not serve the purpose of the action, Baxhi cut the scene in a book that did nothing to improve the action. In fact, there is an unusual similarity between the structure of Jackson and Bakshi films at the beginning - in that they both deviate from the original books in the same way - although, of course, some of this may be coincidence. This was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview with Club Onion AV that only animation can lead to the justice of the masters of the rings. His version did not work, but he might have been right.
