I have not watched this movie for some time, so I'm afraid I can not be precise about the details ... I had some interesting points. Ralf Bakshi's attempt to animate the adaptation of the masterpiece of JRR Tolkien was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that at some point he went bankrupt during production. So, not only is it suddenly stopped somewhere around the middle of the second trilogy book (with a hint of a continuation that has never been made), the film itself seems less than finished. Some characters seem to be animated while others are shot, but whether it is or is not intentionally difficult to say. It seems that all this was abducted and destroyed, especially Orcs and Nazguly. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in conspiracy. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and somehow hoped to fill the book and a half in just over two hours (the new trilogy of Peter Jackson does so twice as much time.) There are too many important bits left. (I'm not just talking about Tom Bombadillo, which, I think, was wonderful in the book, but it would look stupid in the film.) And, of course, the end, which is completely surprising and unreasonable. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to finish the film there, or even had some idea where it would end. Characters ... well, most of them were fine. Hobbies do not look so bad (except gai Sam. Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy initially wanted Sam to become a woman, so that he would be the female main character?) If you are a Tolkien fanatic (like me), watch this film (although I'm not too sure about shopping. What are the special features of the DVD version, anyway?) But know in advance that you will not watch the true Lord of the Rings. The film, but not much more than historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the version from the 1960s, the Beatles would continue with their plan (I actually think that the psotonic LOTR could have been pretty cool, like Gandalf, Paul like Frodo, Ringo like Sam and John as Gollum.) If you have not read the book or you do not like it much or do not like animated films or you do not want to see a semi-finished movie ... go away.
