I saw this film during the Interim Class on the theme of Tolkien during my second year of college. Unfortunately, I sat close to the screen and my professor chose me to serve as a whip - everyone was laughing, but they were not in constant sight. Let's take him out of the way: Peter Jackson's films "The Lord of the Rings" owe some Bakshi film. In Jackson's version of The Fellovship of the Ring, for example, the scene in which Black Riders attacked empty beds is an almost complete copy of the scene in Bakshi's film, a shot taken. You can call this plagiarism or honor honor, depending on your plan. I'm sure that the similarities do not stop. I will not do any research to find out what they are, because it would mean that I have little respect for this film. I'm sure others have described similarities - look around. This film is a complete wreck of the train in every sense of the metaphor, and many, many people have died in an accident. I decided to state what I can remember in a more or less chronological way - if I left out anything else that offended me, it's because I'm completely overwhelmed, faced with the wealth of failure (and, at high points, mediocrity). * Due to the large use of the rotoscope, Gandalf is no longer a mild, wise wizard, but a wild prophet of destruction (whose hat inexplicably changes color once or twice during the film). Saruman White is sometimes referred to as 'Aruman' during the film, without explanation. He wore purple and red for some mysterious reason. <br /> * Sam is disgusting. Showing his friendship with Frodo is unusually childish and unsatisfactory. Yes, the hobbits are as small as kids, but they are NOT children. Merry and Pipin are never introduced - they simply appear during a scene change with an explanation of one sentence. The film is filled with such messy editing. * Frodo, Sam, Pipin and Mary are singing cheerfully as they pass along the road. One of the hobbies acquires a lunar which is at least twice as big as his behind his back - which was not visible before - and begins to fight in a typical fantastic Bard fashion while everyone breaks into la la la. Aragorn, obviously, is an Indian dressed in an extremely stereo-shaped fantasy tunic (without pants), along with a huge, square buckle belt buckle. He is probably the worst swordsman in the whole movie - he often sneaks before he hits his ass. Black riders look more like leprosy than as scary instruments of evil. They wander wherever they go painfully slowly. This is troubling, but not scary. * The scene before the black riders tried to cross through Ford Bruinen (in which Frodo, who is on the other side of the horse) stays forever, for which time riders lower their horses vaguely threaten the way and ... they do nothing else. The scene was probably intended to illustrate Frod's hallucinatory fall while succumbing to his wound. It turned out to be more than anything else. * Dwarf Gimli is as high as Legol's Elf. He's a DVARF. There's simply no excuse for that. He looks like a bastard David Gnome. It's a rough but precise description. * Boromir seems to have been bred by the Golden Viking Armor Elmer Fudd from the opera episode Bugs Bunny. It looks funny. Despite the similarity with Tolkien's illustration, Balrog is wrapping and the least dangerous criminal in the whole film. It looks like someone was wearing pink slippers, and it's barely higher than Gandalf. "Purists" may prefer this Balrog, but I will take Jackson's version every day. * Scene battles are inconvenient and unpleasant. Almost none of the characters show any level of competence with their weapons. I'm not looking for action scenes like those in Jackson's film, but they should fight. Treebeard looks very short, and I was so sorry that I tried to appear at all. Watch the movie, you'll see what I mean. Good, now for GOOD parts of the film. Some of the voice actors are pretty good. It's not that Aragorn sounds bad, he just looks like Jolly Green Giant. * Galadriel is a bit interesting in this display; like Tom Bombadill, it seems that immune to Rings is the power of temptation, and her voice actress is not terrible either. * Boromir's death is not as distorted as in Jackson's depiction of the same scene, but is still quite dramatic (and more true to his death in the book, although I do not believe that Jackson made a mistake in filming the way he did it). As my professor pointed out (between the whispering threats), the Orcs (mostly in Helm's depth, if I am right) resembles a corroded corps of soldiers, a political statement that works quite well if you understand what it is tried. Although this is not really a positive thing about the film, Bakshi can not blame for most of the failures in this movie, or it is said - the project was on a small budget, and late in his film production he lost creative control over some higher people (for which I'm not sure he read the books). Allow me to be clear: I respect Bakshi because I even tried these sizes. I simply find it hard to believe that he was satisfied with the final product. All in all, I can not in any way recommend this blasphemous adaptation of Tolki's classic trilogy, even for laughter, unless you have already read the books and have your own visualizations of characters, places and events. I'm sure someone, somewhere in confusion, will choose a copy of this; if you do, keep an open mind and collect what you can from it.
