Obviously, I did not care for things to come (called "The Shape of Things to Come") as much as most viewers. This means that there is a good chance that you will enjoy more than I do. In any case, you may find it useful to hear a movie described from another point of view. Director Villiam Cameron Menzies, who had so much experience as a production designer, and even more as an art director, is a film adaptation by HG Wels from his own novel of the same name. In my eyes this helps to show why a great novelist does not necessarily have to be a great screenwriter. The film opens in 1940 in London as "Everytime". The war is being prepared and the citizens of Everytown are concerned that they could reach them. That is. And this turns into a decade-long affair that basically destroys civilization. Vells and Menzies are constantly leaping forward to show us different scenes about the war and its consequences. We see two pilots, one defeated, who are confronted with the consequences of their struggles. We meet a post-apocalyptic community managed by a commander. We met a man from a growing futuristic society. We see the way technology is changing. And finally, we were brought to full realization of this futuristic society around 2036, where leaders discuss the merits of sending a man to the moon. It might sound potentially very exciting, but it just does not work as a movie. Structurally speaking, the film is too episodic, with little to connect it dramatically. In the third segment, I completely lost interest in character tracking. I hardly managed to get them in the first few segments. There is a permanent parade of new faces. We do not know anything about any of them. It does not help that certain segments, with a few exceptions, tend to be misleading and arranged. They are also occasionally manipulative - it can almost start to feel like a propaganda film. But, perhaps, contradictory, segments are also a bit cold and dry emotional. In fact, one long part is more like a music video / industrial promotional video. If you have the possibility of shooting a futuristic city, with many large machines, a lot of welding and so on. At one point, a guy who looks like an astronaut waves the camera through a kind of futuristic glass. Music for this section is somewhere between militaristic and exaggerated horror. I can not say that the things that come from come from the engagement of material in terms of drama. But the usual cry in support of the things that come is that this is a "movie of ideas". It can be true, but there are a few problems with this if it looks like that. First of all, it still does not seem to work as a movie, that is, as a visual and sound drama artwork, and secondly, there are too many ideas presented here. The basic idea is to war and what makes civilizations. It's a good thing to film a movie. It is also incredibly prophetic of World War II, since "Things to Come" was scripted and recorded in 1935 (published in 1936). Vells has some interesting things to say about the war, some of which go against the usual interpretation of the film. For example, the ending seems to suggest that another war has erupted, or will occur at any moment. The overall message seems to be pessimistic. It seems that Vells shows that war is simply a part of a human nature that can not evolve, although it does not exclude "progress" - in fact, it may encourage progress, albeit indirectly. It would certainly have been enough for one movie. However, there are still many ideas here. The scene between the two pilots is one of the sharpest scenes of the film. She deals with a complex dilemma. One pilot killed another, but now he comes to help him. But the pilot who was shot down was carrying a toxic gas that is now spreading across the field. I can not breathe both without harm. The girl is coming. They only have two gas masks between them. The pilot who was killed offered his mask, saying he was dying anyway. What should I do? It is not that the scene itself can stretch to the length of the feature film, but the idea - a bizarre complex and aiding and trying to hurt each other in the middle of the war - is enough to build a movie. Another example. During the scenes depicting a future warrior, in a post-apocalyptic environment, there is a nasty contagious disease called the "wandering disease". Turns the victims into something like drunken zombies. The usual procedure is to kill victims on the spot in an attempt to stop the disease. This material is treated as if it were a later thought. It's a great idea and earned her a movie. Similarly, Vells represents a future society as controversial socialist ideas. And that was enough for your own movie. It's simply impossible to deal with so many things in 100 minutes, especially when it should be the essence of a movie instead of dramatic attraction. However, there are reasons for giving things at least one look. If you're a sci-fi kiss at all, this is a historically important movie. Given Menzies' background, production and stage design are interesting, even if cinema seems extremely obsolete. It is also interesting to see how Vells were either discerning or retrospectively witty in their "predictions". I especially enjoyed the drive mode on the moon, which strongly resembled George Melies' 1902. Road to the Moon (aka Le Voiage dans la lune). Just do not expect too much from the things that come.
