In recent years, there was the fashion for films that are often ironic relating to the zombies, as well as other media incarnations of the dead who came back into the meat. "Fido" is a film that either is an attempt to cash in, simply manifestations, or both - it belongs to the category of ironic zombies. Here is a joke to see the walking dead in the context of contrasting widely stereotyped, creaky clean, alternative history (we are on the trail of the great zombie war, and are now domesticated creatures as slaves) version of the suburbs in the 1950s. It's a moderately funny concept by itself, and maybe enough for a five-minute comedic drawing, but can not keep the feature film itself. A joke that rotting corpses for servants is not in line with this idealized version of a small town repeated over and over again and loses all efficiency. Soundtrack tirelessly reproduces sunny melodies while zombies canibalize passers-by. The word "zombie" is constantly inserted into an otherwise familiar home line for a cheap laugh attempt. The breadth and art of the "fifty years" representation here can not help but irritate me. It is so stylish, it apparently "Pleasantville" inspired by the way that is evident in his waving markers 1950 that year but that fact has any resemblance to anything that might happen between 1950 and 1959. about it, as if the film boasts blank and ruthless about how much more open, down to Earth, and superior to the 2000s. Since the characters are such wide displays of the "types" of pop culture in the 1950s, it is difficult to develop many emotional investments in them. Each of them has several traits - Helen is obsessed with appearances, and Bill loves golf, and his persecution he had to kill his father - but remain fairly two-dimensional. The performance within the limits of this bad writing is fine. The best Billi Connolli as Fido the zombie, who in the tradition of Boris Karloff in "Frankenstein" actually gives character and sympathy wooden green monster that can not speak. <Br /> <br /> There's a little piece of intolerable allegory - to commodity fetishism, racism, classism, war paranoia, and so on, but none of it does not work on a comprehensive level, and the filmmakers do not do really hold anything . Unfortunately, this movie does not actually go with the cup "Look! Zombies in" Leave it to Beaver! " for an hour and a half.
