The introductory scene of this film sets the pace for ninety minutes. The recordings are generic, conventional and quality television films. The landscape covered with snow is beautiful, but the characters held in it have a similar quality as viewing a photograph of such a landscape, and the feeling of irresistibility is the distance. Some of the editing is of quite high quality and the work of a veteran professional, however, the dialogue is sloppy and artificial, and has little impact on the 'real' conversations seemingly. Every emotional insight is displaced in favor of swearing, which, of course, is the way in which everyone shows his true feelings. The action is slow and startling, and the overall feeling is that one of you cools the water over your head, but you slowly barely notice it, but in the end you feel pathetic and a bit sad because you are caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> The blend of genres that Fessenden seemed to try to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, although it is praiseworthy suffering from a serious lack of tension and interesting dialogue. The way in which the husband, women and children are interacting is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships that take place in a wandering environment were countless times covered by far superior films, which is the current example of The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn apart by harmless problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize with due to the relative ambiguity of the script. The family unit is heavily persecuted throughout the film, Fessenden lowers the thriller of narrative possibilities in favor of a slow family drama for most of the time. Otis' stalker figure has several obvious motives for his behavior and, despite being perhaps the most interesting and most effective character, remains very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty shell people who were extremely difficult to deal with, their mutual relations were especially without any feelings or feelings. Although ignorance of the young character Erik by Sullivan his parents are probably part of the story, surely any reasonable person questioned his son if he allegedly talked to someone who apparently does not exist? People can accept this movie as intelligent because of its relative lack of conventional aspects of horror films based on creatures, but this movie fails in relation to any genre you want to impose on it. you should wish, but I think it would be better for people to analyze their carpet for some deep emotional meaning, not for these empty sub-human creations.
