The problem with such films is that literally dozens of them are made every year. Fortunately for use, only towers get a theater release, while others push directly to a video or TV, such as this movie. The biggest problem of this film is its originality. It is one of those films that use the "Die Hard" formula of a hard but problematic man who is in the wrong place at the wrong time. In this case, it is a character playing Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that thoroughly tests security procedures for companies and individuals. In this case, he is sent to the cruise ship, which is of course abducted. You can see this movie as a kind of mix "Die Hard" and "Air Force One", and the film does not even try to conceal that these two films are probably its biggest source of 'inspiration'. So, really, this movie can not be considered original. She uses all the clichés from the book and this film does not really offer any surprises or anything that looks like something original in the original. As you can expect from a movie like this, it has a very poor script. Or rather, there are some very lazy writing. As I have already said, there is nothing original in the film, but the story itself contains some elements that are far from probable and which are just a meaningless truth. I mean, the abduction of a huge ship with only 8 guys, half of whom carry only a little weapon and then ask for a $ 10 million buyout, for a ship that is about 10 times the amount that is already already quite ridiculous. How do they intend to split that money afterwards? Every person gets a little over a million or something? It's hardly profitable for such a big and risky venture. And then it's the case that passengers are taken hostage. Somehow they manage to catch all the passengers on a huge boat as hostages and manage to place them in one room, with only one type with their pistol, which they can not even hold to the right, watching them. You never see more than 30 hostages, as if they were all people who then boarded. Also, when Van Dienen's character goes in search of his son and vice versa, no matter which room they enter on a huge cruise ship, they immediately encounter one another. Just some examples of lazy writing in a movie. But, of course, it's an action movement, so the story naturally becomes secondary. But again, it's not like this movie has a good action at all. Half of the actors seem to have never held guns before and the movie is filled with slow movements. It really gets ridiculous at all points. Of course, the film also does not show the best actors, although I have to say that Casper Van Dien is not really a bad action hero and actor, as far as the genre and B-film circle are concerned. He, however, also suffers from the same problem as Tom Cruise; no matter how old he is, he never seems convincing enough to play the father of a teenager. Van Dien once started as a new young actor who promises, but plays in films like this does not really help his career. He is probably capable of something better, although he has never been given the right opportunity to show it. All other actors are also doing well enough, but their characters are so formal that they have never really become interesting. Oh, it's not the worst movie genre I've ever seen, but it's not very original or unforgettable. 4/10
