Just in time to use the long-awaited movie version of "Dreamgirls" is a DVD release of this semi-forgotten music melodrama from 1976 which also takes the inspiration for Supremes. Released five years before Broadway's "Dreamgirls" opening and partially set in the same period, it has predominantly black music and a story that revolves around an upcoming girl, and there is actually a similarity. Written by Joel Schumacher, long before he became director of the big league of the mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film looks dense on the surface. The truth to be formed, however, Schumacher weakens the development of story and character by injecting a plethora of clichés and scintillating liners. With a little affinity for staging music numbers, Sam O'Steen, a prominent film editor, and director of novels, manages production as a low-budget TV movie with a frustrating episodic structure. The story follows three sisters Harlem - a sexy nurse, a self-righteous Delores and a cute Sparkle - while singing in a church choir, meet smooth but well-meaning boys Stik and Levi, and then find their first taste of success as a singing group - first as a quintet in a sweater called the Heart, then as a stupid trio known as Sister and Sisters. But, of course, there are problems that overwhelm the silly name for the group - Sister interferes with nasty drug dealers Satin Struters who fights and turns her into a drug cocaine; Levi goes to prison because he is caught in a drug search for Satin; The contact is frustrated with failure and ruthlessly turns to some Jewish mobsters for financial help; Delores simply get rich; and poor little Sparkle must decide what kind of future he wants. The big plus is that R & B's great Curtis Maifield wrote atmospheric songs, some appealing and one, "Look Into My Heart", a real winner. Solid cast gives its best in exceptional circumstances. Brave attempt by Lonette McKee to turn the sister into a tragic figure is undermined by some turn on her fists, including the sad Billie Hollidai line on the microphone. Before hitting him on television, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harevood displayed Stika and Levi with a boy's vitality, if not with credibility. The best work comes from Mari Alice in a relatively quiet reversal as a patient girl's patience and pre-"Fame" Irene Carr, who without any pain reflects the sincerity of the main role (although her client and hairdresser should be shot due to terrible looks at the end stage). The DVD comes with an original full-length trailer with DJ Casey Kasem and a five-track bonus CD that was not made by the original actor, but by Aretha Franklin, 1976's recording sound. It's not a horror movie, only interesting if there's no curiosity that covers the same basis as "Dreamgirls".
