Title: Robot Jok (1990) Director: Stuart Gordon Actors: Garry Graham, Anne Marie Johnson, Paul Koslo Reviev: Stuart Gordon which we usually associate with extreme horror films such as Re-Animator, From Beiond, Dagon and Castle Freak, took a small bypass and made a small sci-fi movie. I emphasize the word "little" because it is a very small budget, and that's where its main weakness lies. The story unfolds in the future. The world in which the great superpowers (according to this film, the United States and Russia) come out of their differences by not going to the full world war ... than by the battle of gladiatorial battles with gigantic robots. Our hero Achilles must confront the fate of Russian robot fighter Alexander. A lot of cheap animations to stop the movement. Well, the idea is terrible. Large nations solve territorial disputes with huge robots? An interesting premise and one that could have been properly processed if there was an appropriate budget available. Unfortunately, what could have been a fun movie ends up being as embarrassing for an otherwise great director. As a kid I loved this movie, and I suppose that if you want any enjoyment in this movie, I have to go back a little way to have some fun with him. I showed this film to some of my friends and while the movie progressed to my friends, like "what the hell is this shit is for?" And am I good this movie is the science fiction movie of one of my favorite directors Stuart Gordon? "But as the film moved into the cramped territory, I almost felt like stopping and not going through that torture because I loved this movie as a kid, and there is still a bit of nostalgia about watching, but everyone else is easy they did not want to get it. And I realized that the film was not. First, the movie is about huge robots that hit each other, and in order to do so in a credible way, you would need to use some good followers effects to succeed, costly effects, it would help us stop the disbelief, but unfortunately, This is a small-size movie, from a small company (Empire Pictures, who has gone bankrupt after the making of this movie!), the effects only help us giggle and laugh. The sets and some of the clothes look incomplete or half. /> OK approved, once you accept to watch a mix of moderate stop animations and miniatures, you can pretty much loosen up the movie and even enjoy the big robots that hit each other. There are certain scenes when robots struggle to be somehow cool, and made me go "That's why I loved this movie!" But everyone knows them, too An eccentric effect will take you right away from that protective shell that you tried to hide. And boom, your real return to the realization of this movie simply does not fulfill its premise. And one more thing that bothered me a bit in the movie. This film is basically a movie for children. You know, huge robots pull it out? Stop the animation? Hello? But this film dialogue had many sexual allusions and violence became a bit bloody. So I was constantly wondering if this is a movie for children or not? After a while, I came to the conclusion that basically this was a children's movie with an adult sensibility, which is not really a good mix. So, for those of you who do not feel so certainly naive child's charm watching two robots who fight and if you do not have a nostalgic relationship with this movie (like me), I suggest you stay away from this. Gordons is a great director, but this film he made just did not do for me. Well, at least not now, when I grew up an adult. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 5
