I do not agree with a lot of what was written and said about this alleged "masterpiece" of the German New wave: 1) There are great disadvantages in simple presentation, in the basic communication of critical points of the plot, as in connection with Mary's abortion and a secret contract between Oswald and her husband. How many viewers realized that the husband agreed, in exchange for a significant remuneration, not to return and return his wife until Osvald died? 2) The ending is very unsatisfactory because it is arbitrary and casual. The original script called on Mary to commit suicide after reading Oswald's will, after finding out that her husband actually sold their marriage to Oswald. In the final version, however, Mary leads the water only from a tap through the wrist in a gesture of suicide. Mary then rises rapidly in the air, instead of having to face and live with the consequences of her self-will and moral compromise. personally. Contrary to what critics and "experts" claim, I do not think it works. Only the interference of historical radio news or the sound of hammer hammering German reconstruction in the soundtrack of dramatic film events does not make these historical events integral to drama. The selfish ambition of Mary's rise from poverty to prosperity should compare the so-called economic wonder of postwar Germany. Mary, therefore, is thought to be a woman specific and reflexive of her time and place, but is in reality non-original and non-specific. Women confirm their independence by using self-esteem for years. 4) In the end, there are several instances of unfeasible numbness and amateurism - Fassbinder's addiction to drugs and consequent impatience and inattention had their effect. Unknown people talk to the screen without any sight; music is awkwardly intrusive in places; and melodramatic setup sporadically replaces the acting. Strangely, for a film that condemns the country for the intentional collective amnesia of the Holocaust, it never mentioned one once.
