The title song for this movie ........... is the biggest free ballad ever written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! First time I saw this film 1978-79 when I first subscribed to cable. In 1979, the cable was just beginning to become a common place in homes. (or at least when it became commonplace here in Missouri). It could have been the first movie I watched on a canvas channel called "Film Channel" - called Star Channel - then changed its name to "The Movie Channel" in the early 1980s. ...... I got a free month "The Star Channel" with my new cable subscription. "Van" was one of the films that were at that time in great rotation on that network. I remember I watched this movie at that time and thought it was a typical movie for the young (in the same line) as other medium-term teenage movements) ... those in which the shop revolves around nudity and fun . I totally forgot that this movie even existed until I saw this movie again after I did not see it for decades (I found a copy on a DVD for sale in a cheap bucket) I recognized it and bought it for Only $ 4.99. It seems that I remembered that this film is much better than it was (was). However, viewing was then a different experience than watching now (30+ years later). It was fun to see how the baby list reads rock n roll, smoke grass and have sex in the back of the fancy van (often simultaneously). This should be a good movie for teenagers. There is not much complication except for the fact that the main figure fantasies about sex with his rivals, good girlfriend ... strikes all his savings on college to buy a cheated Dodge Van (with carpet walls, mirror ceiling and water bed) to attract her attention, and he finally gets sex with her. But his opponent finds out and comes looking for him (so that the two of them can resolve their differences by fighting their vans) ... he and his rival end up destroying both their van, and instead stealing his girlfriend from the rival, she won the heart of a preppy (less attractive) girl who was pulled by half / ass through much of the film and decided that she was happier and better and the film was over. The film has funny moments. But watching this movie 30+ years later, it becomes more a journey through memory. Because I still remember the Pizza parlors, the flipper, also brought memories of a cruise around a small town as we smoked a pot as we yelled at the pretty girls and hoped to lay (sometimes I would have had the happiness and got a decent looking girlfriend to share together with me, and we turned the back seat, I also remember many songs in this move (when they were new) ... this movie serves as the perfect weather capsule for that Era in those views (it returned a lot of memories) < br /> One thing that is shown in this movie is that you honestly do not I can remember it ... I never remember the time when full-size chambers were like I remember that era is very good, and I do not like the young people walking around wanting to have a van, but I remember the young men of the 70s (including and themselves) who want the Pontiac Trans Am, the Chevi Camaro or the Ford Mustang hot rod, but never a van. This movie makes it seem that the van is the most popular object and that every young man wanted one (which is simply not true for the time)
