* Some spoilers * This film is sometimes titular with "Life Everlasting". This is often taken as a reference to the final scene, but more accurately describes how this once-evaluated array is dead and buried after this messy and illogical sending. There are "Hey kids, we put a show on this telemium, which can be expensive on the videos. Some fans will feel like insiders because they enjoy the choice of all the different performances." Co-writer, co-producer Tom Fontan and his friends merge events with friends and favorites from other shows, as well as with the real characters of Baltimore. It's at the top of the payback practically all the members of the TV show differed from others, your old favorites as well as Later non-favorites. Always there was an executive producer Bar and Levinson, Fontana, James Ioshimura are the rest of a creative team against budget-conscious NBC executives who simply wanted another moronic police procedure like "Nash Bridges", which regularly wins "Murders" in the rating. The pressure excused as a performance jumped between the appealing realism that overcame his form and the weak sensationalism that humiliated him, he threw the towel. They took the funniest story from the series, surpassed the unexpected and artificially infertile new plot for the plot, and put t The burden of wearing the whole mess on one of the weaker members. In short, the time since the last episode of the show has passed. The former heart of the murder unit in Baltimore, Iaphet Kotto as lieutenant Al Giardello, is now a candidate for mayor Kurt Schmoke, and Schmoke himself is a real Kamayan look. But this promising begins immediately and incredibly tragic. The center of attention is Giancarlo Esposito as Giardello's son Mike. A handsome man who did a good job elsewhere, Esposito was one of the nice faces that appeared later, allegedly reviving TV series. But the question for viewers has always been: is Mike unpleasant as Gee's son, or is Esposito unhappy in the role? To be fair, Esposito has no chance to play the main story. without interruption. This is because the writers chose this moment to revive another story that spilled on the intelligence of loyal voters. After some red heroes, the detectives arrested the suspect. However, the maltreated and overburdened deputy state prosecutor Zaljko Ivanka forgot to submit proposals in time, and the suspect was released, and later he was killed. To sum up: he forgot to file paperwork because he is not the most sensitive case of his career, because the mayor, state prosecutor, governor, the entire legislature Mariland, US state prosecutor, NBC, court television, BBC, AP, Reuters , People, The Sun, Washington Post, New York Times, LA Times, Time magazine, London Times, The Economist, Johannesburg Mail and Guardian, L'Osservatore Romano, Le Figaro, Paris Match, L'Equipe and Computer Warl did not call each 10 minutes to ask about the status of the case. However, the old gang of detectives and associates are returning to Baltimore to help. There is a fairly large number of talents. Unfortunately, with a limited amount of dialogue, some of them are only exposed. Two of the strongest actors, Clark Johnson and Melissa Leo, are criminally underused, while time is lost to Jon Sedi and Michael Michelle is better spent on commercials. It seems that the writers saturate this, representing Jason Priestley as the newest detective of a great deal. On the other hand, they give an easy-to-come, easy-to-do Michelle Forbes scene that is very influential. There is another cunning casting, with real lieutenant Garry D'Addario, the center of the book gave performances, another detective played. Guests come from other shows, such as Vhitnei Allen, which is her striking and meaningless "Miss Salli" from a children's play they loved by prisoners at Fontana's "Oz". Dina Napoli from VBAL TV appeared as she was alone. However, even when they are having fun, these guests can be confusing. Ed Beglei Jr. he is actually progressing his story in his short performance, playing dr. Victor Ehrlich from Fountain of St. Elsevhere. He's still a vivid figure, and he fits into the hospital. Then you remember, did not Saint Elegyus turn out to be a fantasy of an autistic boy? The most useful comedy reflects corporate synergy. This film was shot when TV TV bought the rights to the series. This network contributed to the legal wife Helen Lucaitis, who interviewed the murder team and later appeared on "Oz". The TV correspondent works an efficient job by summarizing the news, that is, plotting points for late ones. Although so skinny to disappear when turned aside, Lucaitis also skillfully manages the physical comedy with Espozit. . He shows more juice in his scenes with Lucaitis than with any of his usual colleagues. Maybe these two should make a spin-off. As the film turns, the cream drains rise to the top. Though they were burdened with a losing scenario, Andre Braugher and Kyle Secor overcame him. Their performances remind the viewers of what the Killings Department did, for significant dentures, the best broadcast in the air and one of the best television productions ever. It's fun to watch top professionals doing their stuff; it's just a shame that this film does not give them any more chance. Feverish fans may want to see this movie, but you can also without it.
