Just like last year, VVE Nev Iears Revolution 2006 was addressed by the elimination chamber. The difference between the past years and this year coincides with the amusement value. In reality, only three people had the chance to get out of Pepsi Arena to Albania in New York with the VVE championship. These people were the current champion John Cena, Kurt Angle and Sean Michael. There was no way for Vinnie Mac to put a belt on one of the newcomers; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Kane? Kane last held the VVE championship in June 1998, which was only for one night. It was obvious that he would not be either. In recent years the game has been an exciting affair with six of the top VVEs. 2006 was predictable and disappointing, but still a match of the night. The only surprise of the evening came after the bell lasted at the main event. Vince McMahon himself came out and asked to lift the chamber. It was then announced that Edge monetized his money at a bank championship game just then and there. He had no time to prepare himself and immediately after winning in the elimination van John Cena did not have the chance and dropped his title after a spear to one of the most funny heels in the VVE. This was the only fun action that took place all night. The card, like last year, was really terrible. Triple H and The Big Shov put on a snoring festival that made me struggle to stay away. HHH picked up the win, but that was never in real doubt? Any pai-per-view that has Jerry Lavler and Viscera wrestling on the same card will never have any chance of becoming a success. The King pinned Helms (who book this book?) And Big Vis tried to defeat the lost Shelton Benjamin with little help from his mother. VVE women also had a busy night. It was a common diva with a match and trousers, which was won by Ashley and the Women's Championship was also on the line. In the game, I thought you should leave to ski to VrestleMania 22 Mickie James challenged Trish Stratus in a good game. Trish won the competition, but it was obvious that this would continue in the foreseeable future. The opening of the competition for the night will soon be VVE Champion Edge against the Intercontinental Champion Ric Flair. It could have been better, but it was a fatal and bloody Flair that was detained after the disqualification ended. Edge obviously had a bigger frying fish. So, the new year of revolution launched the "pay-per-view" calendar of 2006 disastrous. The only good thing is that it is known that VVE is the only way up. They do not get much worse than this.
