Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? Although it's not the greatest Picasso ever to achieve by any three-year-old with your fingers, you're encouraging them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should not be a reason for the parent to keep him on the child. Typically, if a child likes to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basis of your future style. You begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of the child's artwork is how I felt about Fuku's depressed cheap and non-creative Bait film. While, in all likelihood, it was a horrible movie, it was impressive to see how Fukuin style began to appear even in the craziest moments. If you've seen day training or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the birth of this director in his second Bait film. While Fokk gives a terrible, unmatched performance, there are certain scenes that define Fukua and show his luster behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on these scenes, you will see why the name Fukua appears on so many "Best Of"? Movie lists. I will never agree with anyone that Fukuo's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place the camera in the strangest places to pass the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that Hollivood did not jump on this bandwagon. Even in the stupid Bait, you are a Fukuine witness. The two scenes that come directly to mind are the scene of an explosion near the middle of the film and the horse scene close to the end. In both of these scenes, I saw director Fukuu at work. Unfortunately, in the rest of the film, everything I saw was a combination of almost every action movie. A cute hero of happiness that suddenly reveals that his life turned to an unknown force is a classic structure that only needs to die in Hollivood. We've often seen these two things, and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufman), you can not recreate the wheel again. It's impossible with this genre, and it's proven with Bait. I was furious about Fukuo I just sat and allowed this to happen, which could explain why I needed three displays to complete this film. I was just tired of the structure, and while I was hoping Fukua would redefine it, he did not. Then there was acting. While Jamie Fokk never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to try this car. I wanted to see if he could pull another dramatic role similar to the Kolateral. I had the impression that the film might have been chosen to show the producers that Fokk could play a role in the collateral. Again I was disappointed. Fokk was boring. Not in the sense that this was the way his character should have been, but in the sense that it felt as if Fukua or Fokk did not take the time to fully train Fok about what should be ad-libed and what should be used for further complication. Instead, we pushed the scene through the Fokk scene that only tries to laugh the audience. Adding other lengthy statements and cultural statements only to make the audience realize that he is the first comedian, another actor. Fukua should immediately stop this. Fock's jokes destroyed his character, which left me without anything hard to understand. Instead of developing a character, he would crack a joke. No style functioned, no joke was funny. The rest of the actors were average. Under this, I think I saw them all in similar roles. They did not bring anything new to the table, nothing solid for the story, and nothing relevant to the overall themes of the film. These were pirates who filled the dead air space. Fukua did not have control over this riot, and the final judgment only supports this charge. All in all, this was a sad movie. Without creativity in the viewer and unmanaged actors who are just trying to move, what initially started as a decent story, eventually drowned in film sands faster. Fokk was boring, without character lines and a complete cheese bag. In every scene, I did not see any emotion, and when it needed an emotional message to be transmitted, he chose to take off his shirt instead of dealing with the issues. Are my words harsh? I do not think so. When watching any movie, you want to see some creativity, some edgy characters and themes that appear close to home. Bait did not contain any of these. Although I will give Fukui a little credit for the two scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred was catastrophic. Apparently, I took the bait when I rented this movie, but now that I've seen it, I hope I can prevent others from taking this curious bite. Evaluation: ** from ***** two scenes that were fun to watch)
