666: The Child Begins as an Airplane Crash, the only survivor since 666 was a young man named Donald (Boo Boo Stevart) who was adopted by journalist Erika (Sarah Loving) and her wife cameraman Scott Lewson (Adam Vincent) after covering the news incident Channel 6. Initially, Donald looks like any normal child, but death seems to be following him around, after a warning Nun and Vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> This Direct Horror DVD was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson, and one must say 666: Child is really pretty poor. Whenever I see that asylum is responsible for a film that worries me, I am very worried because their track is terrible. They seem to have specialized in the production and / or distribution of horror films that are most often ripped on some recent successful horror movie films in a big budget, and in the case of 666: The Child you do not need a rocket science diploma. It is a complete rip-off to be credited to the recent The Omen (2006), which was released the same year. The scenario of Benjamin Henry and Austin Lorel is terrible and simply can not coincide with the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent, I mean exactly what Donald Antichrist expects to achieve from a middle-class family in a small town? It's hardly a great starting point for the destruction of this world? Every character from 666: The child is some form of the main character of Omen, adopted parents, the Priest who tries to warn them and the evil nanny. There is a real shortcoming of the incident, hardly it was worse, and the plot is bad. I think Donald killed a dentist because they tried to teeth him, so it was random and unnecessary, what were all the disgusting images Donald had been talking about, from where the baby came and nothing connected everything and it's all just an unconnected mess that it gets very boring very quickly. Calling number 6 also becomes embarrassing and very unbearable. Director Perez is fine, I suppose, competent if nothing else. There is no blood or blood, there are several sprays of blood, cut off the hands, and someone gets a circular saw that is stuck on the face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. It is certainly not terrible, there is no atmosphere due to the modern contemporary setting in the suburban house and there is no tension because we never know what Donald is trying to do and therefore there is no danger from him. Technically speaking, the movie is fine, it's pretty well made, but since the real movie is so bad it does not make any difference. The acting is not that big, but I saw it at the same time. 666: Child is poor. remake over this any day of the week. It's not good and definitely not recommended. The sequel is 666: The Beast (2007), which also went straight to DVD.
