Dear ... Peter Sellers was one of the most unusual talented actors. But his choice of films, say, after 1964, was very unhappy. He does not seem to understand how to use his talents. He'd better work with more Kubrick film world than people he worked for. From his later films, only "Optimists nine elms" and "Being there" impressed me with the ones I saw. It is said, Boultings and Sellers have made several films before this that hardly sound so bad - I have not seen "Carlton Blows" and "Heaven Above!" - at least in terms of using the sellers to a certain extent. But, "There is one girl in my soup" is really a bad movie and a terrific choice for sellers in terms of character. In his films from 1955-64, you can usually expect at least some very inventive twist and always an enigmatic belief in his roles. Here, Peter Sellers tries to play a typical romantic lead. Almost sellers play Niven cad without excitement. He certainly does not believe, he tries as he can, and does not create an interesting character. He should have left such pieces to masters of civility as Cari Grant, and concentrated on those intriguing drama and comedic roles that he was known for. Havn and Sellers do not really establish any true chemistry; This is not an easy, genius romance as perfected by Villiam Povell and Mirna Loi. It's very artificial, all the way to the end - I know that it's part of Danvers's character that it's a dry picker for ladies, but it does not change from that in a way that convinces. Sellers also have a very good way of playing charm, but ... this guy does not really have depth, and does not really get the sympathy or interest of the viewer. Sellers go through movements in a way that they can not remember when they remember the magnificence of his silly, iconoclastic performance in Lolita. For the story, direction or characters there is really nothing to say, honestly, leave little or no impression. This is truly one of the least anemic, complacent, wrong and mildly boring movies I've ever seen. Lack of "vehicle" for the undeniable talents of the sellers. Rating: - * 1/2 / *****
