VATERDANCE (1991) The main character The Vaterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in the rehabilitation center, while some others are injured. And there he has to face a crude new life, limited to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately it can not be applied. Instead, there is a Hollywood schmaltz, from a few interesting moments. Certainly the actors (Eric Stoltz, Villiam Forsithe, Veslei Snipes and others) are brilliant and behave well here as they would have expected, but their talents are lost. The characters are mostly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are completely unsuitable (character Snipes is an exception). I suppose this is some kind of attempt to break through human ideas about being handicapped "crippled" or "weakened", portraying them, for the most part, as a stinging in the face, but it makes a totally unpleasant experience. However, it will show you something through which people with permanent disabilities pass, in a way that is not soft or romantic, which is useful, and a good idea, but while the described process can make it difficult for a difficult person to deal with, it is worth doing , is not a part and parcel of the fact that these characters must, to varying degrees, be disgusting. They should not be Disneified; there is certainly a middle ground somewhere. With the conclusion of the film, the character of Eric Stoltz came to accept his status as a disabled person, but since he had thus burnt a narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, it was not easy for us. In addition to the problem with the character, the film suffers from this strange syndrome due to many Hollywood films; The syndrome does not have an official name, but you can call it "inexplicable disability syndrome". It goes something like this: characters abuse bullshit from each other, and then without apology, everything is forgiven (a particularly disgusting example of this is in the Breakfast Club, in which one character spends the majority In one of the latest examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain Sandman leaves a mark on a piece of Manhattan, and then on Spiderman's hook about 15 monotonous minutes before dismissing what it says "would be, new"). The most striking example of the IFS in The Vaterdance is where, after being called by the n-word racist biker character Villiam Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the figure of Veslai Snipes highlights the same Forsithe character as the next scene, as if nothing was It happened only a short time. Again, without much "Oh, yes, excuse me for that job where I am, you know, called you n-word." I wonder, do these people actually watch these films before they let them out, or just capture their eyes closed, somehow slapping them in the editing room according to the number of scenes, and calling it days?
