First, to withdraw my personal feelings, let me start by saying that I hate the so-called. Comedy in which each individual character is written and played so stupid that you are wounded if they are all the result of inbreeding. /> Now I'm going to say that I saw the first three American Pita movies and until they were the most incredible movies I've ever seen were okay (and open masterpieces in relation to the three "American"). Pie Presents "movies", I still feel compelled to ask what the hell did they think when they filmed this movie? And I have a few more questions. <br /> <br /> Who thought that it is acceptable to use study funds and production resources? Who approved the final scenario (and what did that person smoke when it was approved)? And finally, why did anyone think he deserved to be released into a movie where the average cost of admission ranges between $ 10 and $ 15, depending on where you live when you needed to go right to the discount on Blockbuster or Val Mart? In the movie it's so wrong that I can not write a comprehensive overview because it would exceed the maximum allowed word in this forum and I will just touch It's the biggest thing is wrong. The action is generically uninspired and stupid, and the characters are as interesting as watching a dry color of eighty minutes, but the biggest thing I can see incorrectly in this movie is while most of the actors have no talent without a name that will probably be forgotten in a few years, one and only great name in this film is Eugene Levi who spends almost all the time while on the screen with that clever smile on the face that tells the viewer "I know this is not 'It's funny and I'm losing my talents, but hey I get paid for it, so who cares,' He does not even try to entertain any of his jokes (he really deserves better than this garbage). As I have already mentioned, most other actors are terrible, although some of them were in some really great TV shows, Tirone Savage (from the classic Canadian series Vind At Mi Back) plays characters that are so unbearable and uncomfortable and irritating (there are things that can teach tropical skin diseases) that you almost want to die slow and painful death on the screen, Christopher McDonald NCIS, Lav & Order) just hangs around the screen and loses talent and is in this movie. Perhaps the next movie in this series will be just a soft porn with a story so that they can bypass MPAA and get Evaluation of this film goes all the way with the absurd vulgarity of nudity and the meaningless sexual content that was supposed to get a Ks rating the evaluation committee must have been drunk or drugged when they reviewed this film for its evaluation). Interestingly, twenty-five years ago, when Ves Craven handed MPAA Nightmare On Elm Street ratings rating, he forced him to shoot twenty-five seconds of the video (I believe it was part of a death scene that had a silicone breast) avoiding getting a CC rating and had no other choice but to do it or not to be released, but this kind of unnecessarily offensive garbage can get a R rating today because everything is done in the name of a comedy if this film was a drama or a horror a movie with this kind of content, either it would be a huge smell of content and this would lead to intimidation. The last thing that really annoys me is writing, this film is written to play as a wet dream of a twelve-year-old kid with an extremely exaggerated sexual imagination, completely underage and remarkably Almost every situation that should trigger the body in this film is called a plot that is so telegraphed that any intelligent viewer can see that it comes a mile away, and the so-called characters are only the stereotypes of stereotypes of stereotypes, regardless of the often repulsive sexual references if a constant unnecessary scene of deviant sexual behavior seems to have been written by an incompetent first hack in the script of low-rent movies. Long and short is the moment to kill this series before it gets dumb. Powerful and offensive, this pie is full of apples.
