For those who have little time on their hands, I'll quickly summarize them, in a word ... pathetic. There are many good examples of why this film fits perfectly into this description. So much so that you can hardly pass through 2 minutes of screen time without seeing something completely stupid and meaninglessly forced on you. Want a completely naked woman in the first 10 minutes? Agreed! The reason she appears is so absurd, but she really sets the tone for the rest of this piece of juvenile shit. You can almost look into the misguided minds of the 12-year-old boys who wrote this piece of rubbish only by looking at the shit they expect from the public to pay for !! ?? !!! I've watched many movie franchises down over the years, but American Pie, Beta House has to be one of the worst offenders when you consider that despite the average nature of the original film, it's still a thousand times more entertaining than this shit . The action is predictable, and sometimes you really feel like watching a school play. The things that are happening in this movie are so unrealistic that it takes a lot of suspicion of disbelief to be really watched (we are talking about Star Vars levels of suspension, such as the type you have to convince Jar Jar is really) The action is slim and mostly events that only happen to show another pair of breasts or put another pathetic joke. There is no acting talent to speak, all you get is a bunch of handsome guys trying to make us smile. And ohhh how they fail !!!! Each gag fell flat and the only thing I was laughing at was that it was socially unconscious for the screenwriters to appear. How else can you explain to the bulls they are trying to cast as a story? They miss every opportunity to do something valuable and fun in favor of the badly written, lowest common denominator. The characters have to complete a certain number of tasks before being accepted as members of the Beta House, but this mainly deals with a series of very short editions that imply that they complete tasks, but we do not see little about it actually happening. It's a very lazy way to talk a story. He also misses the opportunity to be ridiculous about it. (Imagine that the Wizard of Oz, where all the important events happened outside the screen instead of him, and everything we see is a Dorothy high-fiving scarecrow each now and again and saying, "Gee that \ t surely was a great adventure we then they had ") Lazi Lazi LAZI !!!! Female characters have little or nothing to say. All they do is to take off the goal for no apparent reason and use them as visual props through most of the movie Those who are looking for T & A will not be disappointed, but only because of that. If you buy this on a DVD, contribute to the decline of the company n and my special way. Congratulations.
