Stifler finished his goal for a mile and is now attending Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run around naked and jokes are joking and this series is dead in the water. Naked Mile is a shitty movie, but it was much better than Band Camp. They seem to have returned to what they did not help, and it shows that they do not care. You can say where the target audience is and they are perfectly tied up. Young teenagers who like to see a naked woman, rude humor and drinking beer, love the Beta house, everyone else can turn their eyes. special effects of time. Lord of the Rings has created the whole world of mythical beings and massive battles that blinded the eyes. The Matrix changed the way movies and sci / fi movies were produced, especially with superb special effects. With all the advancements in technology, we are eagerly waiting for the next big thing that our jaws will drop to the floor. Then comes the American pie: Beta House, which moves the boundaries of what technology can do. When people use CGI spaceships, landscapes and creatures, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates a life, the thing you see so many times in pornographic films is created and time slows down to show us that the white remnant fires over the room on the bears. Is this funny? Odd? Not? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the previous title. Does the movie need it? Of course not, is there ever a complication, is it? Does it ever laugh? Do young guys ever get up? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I am the one who thinks it is too naked then you may have made pornography. The woman who captures the feelings of our main character is beautiful. and does not annoy the viewer, as the previous girls did in the series, but I never believed that this figure would ever do what it does. I'm pretty sure that every action of the characters in this movie is far from real. A series of American pie fell from the sphere of reality to the world of imagination. None of the events in this film would have happened, if you ever did, then I need to go to this school right away. Does this film suppose that people feel like they are having a good time? Well, we look at them as having a good time, until the end of the film we hate them for all the fun they have. There is also a scene of "Hunter Hunters" in the film, but for today's audience it would be "funny" they decided to replace bullets with horsehair. Did you laugh? Instead of firing with the mentioned sperm in the head or face, they put a gun in their mouths. Are you on the floor ridiculous? The first time we get to know Stifler's roommate, he has sex with his girlfriend. Did you cheer for nakedness? At first glance, the movie seems to be that the boys will try to get into the house of fraternity, but then she switches on them already in the house of fraternity, but they need to perform certain tasks. Then he switches to the competition between the nerds and the boy. There is little "Revenge of the Rejects" and it seems to be inadequate. Frankly, I do not know what this is about, because it happens everywhere. Most comedy seems to be forced to shock. Even at the beginning, when Dad showed his son the list of people he had sex with. The joke is somewhere, I think it could be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or that one of his mother's mother was on the list. Or one does not work. If you have not yet guessed, this film is not funny. Nor does it seem to be focused, the story is pathetic and so-called gross humor for which the series is not a shock. Skip this poor and all future. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found the way to my eyes.
