Drew Barrimore is an actress who has gone through bad times, not only in her career, but also in her private life. After the actress is a miracle of the child, she went into darkness with the central low quality films. As she recovered from that dark past, this film remains a reminder of the worst days of Drew Barrimore. The film begins with an interesting premise, which very resembles "Raising Cain" Brian De Palme; with a complication dealing with a multiple personality disorder that sets the story for a horror / thriller. Barrimore plays Holly Gooding, a young woman who is trying to make a new life in California after a traumatic event in her past, which is obviously the second person killed her mother. to persecute until her evil person returned to her life, ready to destroy her new found peace and her new found love. In the middle of chaos his new boyfriend, Patrick Highsmith (George Nevbern), will try to help Holly to face the demons of her past. Unlike the underrated De Palme thriller, "Doppelganger" is for most of the central movie that not only never fills its purpose, but ends with one of the worst endings of the history of the film. Although Barrimore is definitely not at his best, he succeeds in maintaining his dignity with an above-average effect. The rest of the actors move from central to poorly ill, although Leslie Hope is among the best among them. The scenario is full of cliches and De Palmin's impact is quite obvious. While the film is trying to be genuine by giving literary references in almost every line, the dialogues are boring and the woodwork certainly does not do anything good. There is incomparable nudity and strange reasons, and excessive use of special effects. The effects of make-up are made by the extraordinary KNB and are really among the few good things in the movie. However, the bizarre exaggerated use of effects in a totally out-of-context context reduces the impact of KNB's work and makes it incredible that what's in the second film is incredible. The fact that this B-Movie is not an excuse for a low quality, because with a better and more coherent scenario it could have been an interesting movie. Unfortunately, all we have is a central movie that gets worse every second. He's worthy of Barriore's beauty. 3/10
