Continuation (actually remake) of Disney's remake for 101 live dalmation. Cruella deVil (Glenn Close) was released from prison after being "cured" of her obsession with fur by psychologist dr. Pavlova (uh!). But the "cure" is broken when Cruella is hearing a tribute to Big Ben, and she goes on a crazy quest to make the perfect coat from the Dalmatian hide. This film is bad in that way at many levels, starting with the fact that this film is a "grateful family schlock" designed to suck all the latest available coins from Disney's marketing machine. Glenn Close over-over-over-act as Cruella. With all that she had to endure in this movie - a lousy scenario, endless makeup, baking in a cake at the end - I hope they gave her a very high salary. (Speaking of where you will find a fur coat factory in the world, a baker with the assembly line Rube Goldberg, and a candlestick restaurant that is in the same building - as you do at the height of this movie Of course, The stars of the movie should be dogs. They serve as "Macaulai Culkin's" of this film, pulling all the stupid "Home Alone" jokes to the villains. (Biting them into the groin, running over their hands with luggage carts, spraying them with icing, etc. , Etc., Ad nauseum.) I have to admit, dogs were pretty good actors - much better than People. G Rard Depardieu is completely lost in this film as a failed French veneer. Two human "dog lovers" - rehashed from an earlier film, but with different actors - are completely annoying. When they have dinner in spaghetti in an Italian restaurant, the film is cut back and forth between two lovers and their dogs at home, watching the scene of the dinner from "Ladi and the Tramp." I thought, "Oh, please, do not go there!" I half expected people to do a satire on the scene of the evening "Ladi and the Tramp "- as Charlie Sheen worked in" Hot Shots: Part Deuk "- works "kiss the spaghetti," pushing a ball with a nose. And do not start me on the boring parakeet with the voice of Erik Idle. Costumes are nominated for an Oscar, and the costumes in the film * are good. But they're the only good thing in the movie. The rest is unbearable.
