... that Jamie Fokk will ever deliver such a wonderful, Oscar prize. One of the reasons why I was so impressed with Fokko's performance in "Rai" was that from seeing his hammies, a disgusting act in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call," I would never have thought he would ever have an Oscar . If people told me five years ago that Jamie Fock would win an Oscar one day, I would laugh at them in the face. Who knows? Perhaps it is better for him to stick to drama, because if you look at "Bait," it's clear that comedy is not his forte. I swear, Jamie screams so much in this film that I am surprised that his face did not fall. And why must he do those stupid voices at every opportunity he gets? Anyone who knows comedians such as Bob Nevhart and Steven Vright know that comedy does not have to be loud and disgusting. If the joke is ridiculous, it's ridiculous. If it's not funny, then make some crazy accent will not be much fun. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try to act is to favor browning because of the character. In real life, normal people do not always have a witty return and dash. As Albert Brooks said in an interview about his character in "Taki Driver", it's important to be as funny as your character, and not to be as funny as a comedian. A good example of Jamie who violates this rule is the painful scene in which his photographs are made, and he begins to pose for photos as a model. If an ordinary person was thrown into a prison, would he really play nonsense while filming his cups? And would not the police try to make him ugly if he was? There are many such scenes in the film. Another horrible sequence is the one in which Jamie unconsciously telephoned the bad guy, and he begins to make a false Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention that Jamie never acknowledges the moment of jokes. To give a comic performance requires patience, while he goes straight to the punchline, is the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, this is the first time that I felt more comfortable whenever it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same disadvantages when it comes to comedy, but at least it chooses a weaker approach. One of the few bright spots in this comedy comedy is David Morse, a highly understated actor who is mostly known for his auxiliary roles as villains. He appears to be the only actor in the movie that deals with the rationale in reality. However, the star "Green Mile" Doug Hutchison is disgustingly over-the-top as a loser. Great surprise, given that he gave an excellent performance in "Green Mile", also playing difficult. Antoine Fukua has proven his directing in films such as The Killers Killers and Dai Training. Even in "Bait," he shows that he can manage a hellish sequence of action. It seemed his only problem was disciplining Jamie Fock, who probably improvised half the scripts with one bad scarf after another. Unless you're a tough Fokka fan, please do not take a bait.
