I can not believe we were watching this total piece of shit, but we did it and I feel obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that gay is twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as a typical PC nonsense and realize that it must be better because it will not. If his fagotical guy hanging him does not make you sick, then be grateful to the innocent person who wrote and / or directed this gross mistake somehow trying to restrain a little. I mean, get real. One thing is that there is a gaius figure that appears in the movie at such time-consuming times as these, but quite another to constantly slap on the screen and look closely and personally when the liner clearly states that the movie should be about the mother who seeks some kind of "closure" due to the sudden death of her daughter. What does one thing have to do with another, can it be tempted to ask? Obviously these two issues are inextricably intertwined. And if it's not bad enough, there's a bearded lady in an ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, did not this poor woman ever hear of electrolysis? Why must he go around like that? At the very least, in order to wipe off the ugly thing, and while you are on it, remove those terrible moles. Would you like to drink some ice cream that just served you? I do not think so. Must be in Nev Jersey. I'd think Diane Keaton could have saved this piece of shit, but think again. Was she actually trying to put lipstick on the corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So what if the body was supposed to be what her dead daughter was. This grotesque excuse for the movie is disgusting with the word and that's all. He wants each of these characters to simply step into the waves and just continue. None of these people, even at a distance, get our favor for a moment. Trust me - download this shit. It's not about death, a mother who inadvertently succumbed to her daughter, or even other, much more inexperienced things that are constantly appearing no matter how little you want to hear them. It is the burden of the scammed garbage from the wrong and without the talent of the director.
