The action of this terrible film is so intricate that I've joined the warning, because I'm not sure if I'm giving anything. The audience first sees a man in Jack A hundred years old groan's old-fashioned murder. Then until the modern day, a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We got an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. There was a 105-year-old woman living there. There are also large iron plates that cover the wall in the lagoon. An old-fashioned razor drops when they are being restored and the husband retains it. I suppose he becomes obsessed with a barbarian because he starts to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple is not able to have a baby, because her husband is firing. Some mold looks to climb the wall after the couple removes the iron plates, and the mold has the shape of the person. Later in the story there is a plot about a great cash cache, and the husband kills the guardians of the body and associates and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. What the hell is happening? Who knows?? Nothing has been explained. Was the 105-year-old child a serial killer? Young sister? WHY are the iron panels placed on the wall? How would this keep the serial killer in the basement? Was he detained there from his family and died of starvation or was he just hidden? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get iron boards? He never saw it again. Why did the serial killer kill people? We see only one old man who was killed. Was there a pattern or motive? Why does a woman suddenly get pregnant? Is this a serial killer demon? Has he managed to infiltrate into male seeds? And why, if the husband was able to conquer and kill a huge, large guard, is he able to defeat his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia to crash through the room, simply cutting the wire? And why does a woman stay in the house? Is she now obsessed with a serial killer? Will the baby be a reincarnated killer? This film was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for a refund! ONLY THE FUNCTIONAL aspect of this story was the sight of a husband running around in his boxers for most of the time, but even that could not take advantage of this confused, inconspicuous confusion.
