The case of German walnut Jorg Buttgereit obviously has fans - but I do not know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only movie I had seen before was Nekromantik and I hated him every minute, but - shocking - this movie is even worse! Der Todesking is pointless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in a way that several films have ever made (not far off The Blair Vitch Project, seriously). Some people say this film is 'sick' and 'shocking', but it's actually not. The director may have talked about death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone could watch this movie and be anything but bored with it is completely out of me. The film revolves around suicide and monitors the deaths of seven different people during the week. Yes, that means we have a senseless and boring episode for Monday, a senseless and boring episode for Tuesday, a senseless and boring episode for Wednesday, etc. Etc. This movie makes it even more boring than my average week! Der Todesking is obviously an "artistic" film, although it would look like a reference in a way that does not make much sense, and not a reference to a movie that has any similarity to "art." Each segment of the film should tell a special story - but no! We just got a brief sketch of suicide, and you're just wondering what the point is. The film feels like it should be deep, but there is a huge emptiness in which intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses several visual images; but it is unlikely I will remember them for more than a week because this film is just not so unforgettable. There is a clip that includes a decomposition body that appears fairly often, but it becomes pretty quick and only the rest of the film remains, which is unfortunate. If I were to fight for good things to say about this shit, all I can imagine is this; The title sounds cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film I've seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantika 2, and now I'm not in a hurry to watch. Der Todesking is a boring film meaningless and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Let him go.
