First, I am not an American or a Middle East. Secondly, I do not have a religion. The closest religion I have is sports and movies. From now on, I believe that it would best serve my opinion of neutrality and without prejudice. Most of these short films are utterly embarrassing. This horrible event should be used to commemorate all those innocent people who have killed "some" barbaric and uncivilized morons. Instead, most of what I saw in these short films were imaginary attempts to get different political points. Examples: 1) Ken Loach segment. Of course, we are all sad that this guy had a hard life in his own country, but what does this have to do with innocent victims from 2001? Two injustices do not make you right ?! Whatever! This film should have a subtitle for those who have problems listening to a partially incomprehensible Chilean-English accent. Obviously there are logic problems. He justified the killings for - America as a democracy and because some Americans voted for politicians in power, then all Americans are ultimately responsible for actions and decisions brought by their leaders in the Middle East. Helloooo! Is this guy real? Some Americans do not even vote! Some Americans do not even know where the Middle East is; some do not even know what religion is; and most do not know the real political issues that are playing behind the scenes. G. Chahine, the reason we have all these problems in the world is that there are too many people with your logic. Innocent victims in twin towers came from all over the world. Killed firefighters, rescuers, office workers, residents and flight attendants have nothing to do with politics. And yet, we are not allowed to go our own lives because "some" people think that everyone has to choose a party or a religion. We consider ourselves a fair game for extreme politics. 3) The Israeli segment showed its victims who were bombarded. Another director who used this event to suppress his political program. Sometimes it's not about you. Some people always think of "me, me, me". Sometimes it's about other people. 4) The Idrissa Ouedraogo Section is a joke and another political shooter. They obviously want money from the international community, emphasizing their poverty. Blah, blah, blah. This film disparages memories of the victims "September 11, 2001". The best thing to do is TRASH CAN.
