In order to avoid confusion, let me explain a few things: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: Libertarian. I'm not even a VASP, I'm not even born in America. Jorge Luis Borges said that there are some people who do not feel poetry, and that those sad people usually earn money for their poetry lecture. This film was made for people who do not feel poetry, for and for shov-off; and I dare say, from and for people who have no sense of authority or, in this sense, respect for the lives and death of other people (especially when the victims are generally considered to be 'bloody imperialists' killed in Yenkia). find the original marketing idea about eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and a frame as particularly disgusting and repulsive. Just terrible. Why did not they allocate a budget of so many dollars per episode as individuals brutally killed in the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between mere stupidity and ruthless fascism. Anyone who is serious about the film (and serious about life and death) should angrily refuse to participate in this recollection of allusions and non-sequences. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost fun - and the one from India - which documents the story of a man who was unfairly and wrongly investigated in connection with the attack, based on what he later did. to return home and that he was an American Muslim (and, truthfully, when the facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All the other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and without emotions, can be listed in two different categories: First: 'I do not care about thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults, old people ... 'and they can continue in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I'm afraid I will commit heres because it's Lelouch, but maybe his episode can be considered built on an idea that can be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico); Gitai's (Israel); Penn's (USA) Other: "Bloody Yankee deserves it". And it can continue in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) confirms suicide bombers; Loach (United Kingdom) believes that the September 11 attacks were some kind of punishment for alleged US support to the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet; in fact, someone should inform Mr Loach that the Pinochet victims were not linked to Al -Kaidu and that Chile is a South American country whose sole existence would be g. Bin Laden should ignore, should be informed that US sanctions against Chilean dictators are more severe than any other ciuntrie; and Imamura (Japan) winding points out that the Second World War is associated with an attack on the VTC. The Imamura is at least coherent in that sense: the assumed causal effect is completely meaningless, which agrees well with his episode, including a man who believes he is a snake. It turns out to be vague. That is, instead, quite absurd. There is some mistake shared by many, including some Americans, and it is in the belief that this film is not commercially displayed in America due to some kind of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: This film is not shown in America because it is a complete fiasco. Fijaso is the worst kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closest to and loved by the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film is shown in the living rooms hurriedly transformed into theaters, and it was applauded by a very selected audience: sad few who routinely give their applause to others equally "weird" glasses. Like a look at McDonald's fast food restaurant, or, perhaps, an older Jew, who was burnt to ashes.
