When I go to the video store to rent a movie, I usually trust IMDb's views on the film and, until this, I've never seen a movement that was rated at 7.0 or more on a site I did not like. Sydney Lumet, the legendary director of some of the best 20th-century films, has really made a mistake by making one of the biggest mistakes the director can: to fill acting films with completely unknown characters without any real purchasing qualities. > <br /> I love movies with flawed characters, but no matter how dark a person is, we all have a little light and there, we are all gray and some darker or brighter than others. Mr. Lumet has crossed this line by filling this film with totally impure and almost masochistic black characters. Ethan Havke's Hank is a squealing, immature, irresponsible man-child divorced from marriage with a woman who hates him and a daughter who thinks he's a loser, what he is. His reluctance and willingness to allow others to do a dirty job for him because he is too cowardly to do it himself directly leads to their plan of robbery of the bank and the breakup of the mother. While at the end of the film he opposes his older brother, it is more pathetic than encouraging. Ethan Havke plays his character well, but he is not given much work because he is portrayed as someone with a boot on their face and does not care that he is there. Talking about what his wife wife is equally bad. Almost every recording of the film in which it is located is that it verbally mourns for rent and money for the maintenance of the child, and additionally enters into its already nonexistent self-esteem of insult. Seriously, that's almost everything the character does. Her harp's behavior borders with the evil one. Albert Finnei plays their father Charles, and although Mr. Finney has been a great actor for many decades, spending about 90% of this film with his mouth open half-grimace on his face as if he were suffering from the toughest prison in the world. For someone who was an actor as long as Mr. Finney, you think he would be more capable of emotions. Although this does not show much, his character is reportedly grieved and filled with rage. And when he suppresses Andy at the conclusion of the film, it is similar to Dr. Frankenstein that the monster he created created from his own misery. Marisa Tomei has little to do with her character. He got stuck in an unhappy marriage with Andy and had an affair with his brother for some inconceivable reason. When Andy's world starts to get out of control, it logically jumps in a boat, but it does not seem to be less selfish or self-serving than any other character in the film, but probably at least the one with the most common reason. And finally we come to Andy, which is always good Philip Seimour Hoffman, the only reason I rated this film with 3 instead of 1. Its performance by a financial executor who is addicted to heroin, which is "the perfect crime" of plundering a secured jewelry store his parents go wrong. His descent from a calm master of planning the wrong scheme to an unstable, disturbed killer maniac is convincing and tragic. Hofman's character ends up as the main loser of the film, but it's hard to catch him in the eye since an alternative emotionally castrated little brother and father who self-described early parenting led to the possible psychosis of his son and the indirect, unintentional murder of his mother. Ultimately, this movie really is worth seeing only for the excellent performance of PSH, which is a family natural disaster. Just do not expect that there will be characters for which they should cheer, because there really are not.
