Based on the personal experiences of the director of John Singleton at the University of Southern California, the Higher Learning comes to mind. The film focuses on racial policies that are taking place in today's colleges. There are three main characters to whom the film is based its basis for your story: Malik Villiams, a carefree athlete who is an African American. Kristin Conner, a protected soft white girl, and Remy, an unsophisticated, unrelated white man. All three are overcome by the sudden realities that college is not as good as it is advertised while all three are disappointed by being unprepared (Malik), since they are naive (Kristin) and undesirable (Remi). > One good thing in the movie is that it shows that modern American college is just a big school. Faculties are not places for character building, development of potentials or improvement of personal progress, but these are the institutions that used to gather all types of students in an atmosphere that corresponds to one. This is an experience that is usually built for the failure of most students. It would be good for the film to make a story about this travesty, not racial politics. But it was not and it's where the movies are decomposing. Singleton, it seems, had a pretty bad experience in Southern California. Through this film, he let all of that hang out. There's no need to be beaten. Singleton allows the heroes and villains of this piece to be easily seen. Black characters in the movie are generally seen as heroes here until all the whites in the movie are seen as villains, for Kristin, raped by a fellow white man. Who can understand the inconsistency of this film? Black gang members who come to the aid of a white girl after she points to them who allegedly raped her? The ease that members of the black gang have at the university, while the bunch of skinheads meets in the dark little home and plans violence? The appearances of Omar Epps (Malik) and Kristi Swanson (Kristin) are disappointing. They look like the third choice for the roles they played in this movie (Tupac Shakur and Drew Barrimore should have played Malik and Kristin, but were not available). O'Shea Jackson aka Ice Cube, Busta Rhimes and Regina King were irritating in their roles. And Laurence Fishburne was sad as a history teacher. Only Michael Rappaport was good in this film and he took into account that his character, of the three main characters, changed the most in the film. John Singleton wanted to take on the issue of race and inequality in the American College with this film. And he did it pretty bad. It was like killing a fly with a shotgun. Life is much more complex than it seems and people are everywhere alike and he should know. More learning is evidence that he did not understand it at all. Watching the movie, then and now, would only confuse, disappoint and irritate the same audience with whom you would like to talk. Not to mention that they do not even entertain them at all.
