Seeing the first ten episodes, I have to say that this show is bullshit. What troubles me most is that the show is filmed in Canada. I know it's cheaper, but it was supposed to be filmed in California, so we could have scenes in the desert. That would be more true for the movie. The first scene in the second world is in the mountains, with many Pinetres where it looks cold. It does not feel quite Egyptian. What worked so well in the movie was that it felt like you were in ancient Egypt. It feels here to run around alien fighting in the Canadian forest. And it's so miserable that other planets also come down. You can see leaves on the ground in forests that look like forests outside Vancouver. It just makes the shoe even more incredible and stupid. And there is also Richard Dean Anderson. He's not Kurt Russel. He certainly does a decent job and tries to copy a bit of Russell's performance, but he's just not as cool as Russell. And not such a good actor as Russell. And Russell's way of playing O Nile was much more cynical. Andersons Oh Neil, it's too soft. I liked the fact that Russels version did not give *** and did not have problems with bomb detonation until the very end of the film. Michael Shanks makes a good job like Jackson although he takes James Spader. Teal'c is really a boring character. He's Jaffa. Not Jaffa. Only Jaffa. Aaaarrgh !! The former bodyguard of the pathetic Ra character, seen only in the pilot and another episode so far. Teal'c speaks and acts like a robot. I saw a better acting than Jean Claude Van Damme. The fact that Teal'c and Ra character and the people who have saved it in the movie can suddenly speak English anyway. stupid. What made strangers so terrible in the movie was that they spoke the ancient tongue and were the real monsters. As for the special effects, they are really good at the pilot. But very rare effects in the show are poorly designed and look cheap. Especially the planet you visit with crystals. It's so obvious that they are walking on the sound stage with a badly made picture in the background. It is an insult to the viewers that they have made it look so cheap. Especially when they could get in front of bluescreen with cgi wallpapers. X-Files had better effects when they broadcast their first episodes in 1993. It was 4 years before the SG-1 started. And they did not have an obvious $ 2 million budget per episode, which SG-1 allegedly had. They have to spend all the money on the catering industry. Because I do not see it on the screen. An incredibly boring and senseless performance that could have been great for filming a Hollywood show with a larger budget and better writers and better characters.
