Singleton has some serious problems with which it has to face. I have the feeling that he thinks he's pretty smart; however, this film is almost comically transparent and self-righteous. In addition, there are a bunch of messages that make "make-up", like our local Nazi-jet bastards have been beaten up. I mean, who in the right mind will have the root of a bunch of Nazi assholes? However, the way Singleton displays the "fight" is completely dumb and seems to be designed to show us superior combat qualities of black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (actually a drunken frat boy) raping one of the protagonists of the film. In this case, I think Singleton is really doing a good job by showing what is probably an overly normal situation when a woman involved is asking a boy to use a condom and he or she does not have or does not want to use it. In any case, he does not agree to her demands to quit and continue to have sexual intercourse despite her requests. I think this type of rape is too common and that many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even rape. Well, it does not mean that this is rape, which is probably happening much at universities throughout the country. After establishing a rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When a fratry boy tries to call a woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, at that moment the boy calls him a black-hooked roommate. The injured roommate seems to appeal to an attorney from Ice Cube and others who then continue to physically humiliate and abet brother in repeated and long-standing "apologies" to their roommates because of their racist remarks; however, (apparently in Singleton's mind) there is no mention of a minor crime of rape. Again, nobody should complain about a brotherly boy; however, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that the racist commentary is a more violent violation and that violence is justified against the asshole in any case. there really was something about something important, but Singleton, although there is no doubt a talented director, seems to have no maturity or depth to pull out of that size.
