I do not understand why people would praise this garbage. It's wrong, stupid, unreal, terrible, and almost everything else. The film is a look at life, racial questions, prejudices and everything else that happens strangely in college. This is where it fails. No reality. From many suspicious scenes without any sense in the film, such as, for example, a black man running a white man with a pistol, a black man and stopped by a security guard with handcuffs and executed while an armed attacker is the same white man who snipers people from the darkness on the roof is stopped and beaten by the same blacksmith, then he stops and gets a Rodnei King-style beat while the pistol runs for free, and a moment later only one of the four guards. As one previous reviewer pointed out, several white men of 230 pounds were beaten by a few blacks who weigh about 160 pounds, including 105 lbs Bust A Another critical disadvantage in the film are the shallow unattractive headline characters. From the frightened and confused white and the evil, the angry, and yet the real (?) Black people. It's almost like an insult to black-and-white people. I am a white man and I know many black and Hispanic people who agree that this film is wrong in showing characters and giving them these characteristics solely because of their race. The story that I will now explain turns around about three characters. A black athlete, another confused frightened white woman who is questioning her sexuality, and the third is a white man who is also confused and frightened, and then blames her problems for black people in which she later becomes a movie to us. They all have their share of problems and adventure including sex, rape, fighting, love, hatred, prejudice, racial war, and oh, do not forget about education. What comes to an end due to a fatal shooting. In which they return to their boring lives and think it is "white bad". Does this sound like your age? I do not think like that. I think the director did not go to college, especially if he made this terrible mess. All in all, this is a really bad, bad, ugly movie. If you want to see more accurate looks or racial problems, look at the American history of Ks. If you want to see a more accurate view of Porkis College rentals. Just avoid this mess.
