This is one of the worst movies of the nineties. I would not recommend it if you have something better to do. This picture depicts Afroamericans as wild, non-circular, violent, unarticulated sociopaths for smoking. Fudge (Ice Cube) and his quest for homosexuals continuously disrespect others in the home, not only the white people, but also the Asians, and have never been disciplined for their actions. Despite this tolerance, they continued to cry and cry because of the evil white oppressors who lead their lives and stand in their way. In fact, Fudge's influence leads to Remmi tying her head off, leaving the college, and eventually killing Malik's girlfriend. Get out of campus and stay away from everyone else. They never ruin their music to disturb people, nor are they mocking the police. They make a serious crime such as battery and rape, yet they are not as repulsive or threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhimes). There are many materials in this film that is almost offended or made me laugh. Some of them are listed below. Nonsense and Dreads are listed as students at Columbus University, but we never see them in class and it is completely unclear how they pay tuition fees. It only dares to guess that smoked smokers have something to do with their finances. Although students in what looks like a private university, they can not pronounce any lines of the appropriate English language. Their characters develop only through compulsive whim and xenophobia. It seems that drunk Kristen (Kristy Swanson) knew exactly why drunk Billy is leading her home. He even asked him to take the tire so they could start. The fact that he entered her without a condom became a rape, while it would have been great sex only if he had one hand. Later, Kristen convinced Tara (Jennifer Conneli) that she had no responsibility in this respect, and despite deliberately jumping into the man's bed, she was not ready for sexual intercourse and was maliciously exploited by a sexual predator. Then a week later she met and slept with an ultra-sensitive rich man who knew how to avoid rape and bring a condom. The director emphasized the contraception in detail. This film is complete and complete garbage that makes black people look like they are killers, and women look stupid and fragile. Cole Hauser's play and the accent of Laurence Fishburne are the only reasons I can think of. The writer / director is obviously a man of limited intelligence. Just go ahead and limit your watch this shit if you want, but keep in mind that neurons do not grow back. Just follow the tips at the end and UNLEARN.
