Is there any other time period that is so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the sixties? Not. And do we really need another trip through that turbulent time? Not really. But if we have to, should it be as shallow as the "60s"? I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-tier miniseries than it ultimately resulted, especially since Couturie was involved in the top HBO film "Dear America: Letters from Vietnam "Who used little original music and did not have original recordings, letting the scenes and sounds of that time speak for themselves. This presentation interacts files with dramatic production, but does not help anyone if he tries to do too much in too little time, as well as many of his types , it's seen from the corner of a family, but family members seem to be involved in almost every important event from the 60s (it's incredible that one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones in Altamont), which makes it less time-consuming drama and more, such as the Decade version of Cliff Notes. Manufacturers jure through it so much that it has little or no time to make the characters any kind of figure, with figurines called our protagonists on the screen for centuries time - The father of children is especially cliché - and when they return to BLAMMO! that's something else. Garri Trudeau could teach filmmakers about how to do things right. Honestly, Jerry O'Connell, Jordan Brevster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton gives its material to an old college, but they have failed (especially these two); it's undoubtedly good to see David Alan Griere in a rare direct role as an activist of Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an unconverted comedy in the second part) is always welcome. In the sixties, they throw a soundtrack with so many songs from the period that ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and this may be the only way that the American TV show about America after the 60's never mentioned the British invasion - without the Beatles, without the Rolling Stones ... so again, there are only so many tunes that you can drag into the soundtrack album, do not you?). Capping its superficial approach and time and complication with almost out of place, "American Dreams" and "The Vonder Iears" has done everything much, much better. There's nothing to see here, people ... except Julia Stiles, who is doing this reversal.
