Blob starts with one of the bravest themed songs ever, which Brad Bacharach sang from all people! You really have to hear that you believe, Blob can be worth watching only for this song, and my user's comment is just a little taste of classical lyrics ... After this disturbing introductory series that introduces us to the Blob viewer, that is, Steve McKueen Steven McKueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are somewhere parked in their place and witness what looks like a meteorite that falls on Earth in nearby forests. The old man (Olin Hovland as Olin Hovlin) who lives in a hut sees him and goes to explore, finds a crater and a strange soccer wall that opens when he cares with a stick without caution. Getting into the center of a meteor is a strange substance similar to a jelly stick, if you know what I mean! Then I slip myself with a stick and attachments in the hands of an old man. In the meantime, Steve and Jane are quietly driving and watching their jobs when the old man rans in front of Steve's car, Steve's decent guy decides to take the old man dr. Т. Hallanu (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) at local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is on the old man's hand, but he's getting bigger and asking Steve to get back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but does not find anything after returning to the surgery of dr. City police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rove) and teenage hatred Sergeant Jim Berton (John Benson) is not surprised even about this, and eventually suspect that Steve and his friends Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) and someone called 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) plays a complicated joke at a police station. However, while the blob continues to eat through the city, Steve sets up evidence of his existence and persuades the police into a threat he has not only in their city, but also all over the world! Directed by Irvine S Ieavorth Jr. and unpublished Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this original version of The Blob in 1958. The scenario of Kai Linaker, such as Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson, is absolutely boring and extremely boring, not making up most of its strongest aspects. Blob focuses on the tired playwright and the clashes between the teenagers and the police, in fact, most Blob is spent on Steve trying to persuade the police into the existence of blobs. For most films, the blob itself seems almost irrelevant and somewhat forgotten. There are only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little less than an exciting peak when adults and teenagers have to work together to defeat a lump and then find a new appreciation of each other! Why could not the blob be able to eat a lot of them? No explanation has been given for what is a blob or its origin, except that it came from the universe, how much was it to get to it? The dialogue is clumsy and stupid, like actions of people and decision-making, I like the role of a sister named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Paiton, did anyone use her real name in this matter?) Facing the blob, she throws acid through it, calmly proclaims "Doctor, nothing will stop him!", how does she know that "nothing" will stop it accurately? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it, special effects on the blob itself are not bad due to that, but it hardly has any time on the screen and it's moving very slowly, a bit like a movie at all. The acting is terrible, McKueen should be a teenager when he was real 28 years old and it shows that he looks old enough to be his dad! The same thing applies to most other 'teenage' actors, and they are generally wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technical Blob is a very basic, dark static photo, a boring direction and forgetful production values. Blob is one of those films that sounds pretty good on paper and it's known as "classic", but it's actually a great disappointment when it's finally seen. This is one case when the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original one. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or blood, and the remake works, the original Blob has incredibly bad decisions & decisions and remake does not get the original Blob alone gets a little time for a screen that only eat three or four people throughout the film, and the remake shows the blob all the way to the end and practically eats the whole city. The choice is easy, remake every time because it is a better movie in every way. I'll give the movie two stars and give that beautiful main song one for my own. Definitely not a classic that many seem to make.
