I would like to say that, unlike many people who did not like this film and realized it was impossible to understand that I was fully able to understand it for what it was. A very incoherent attempt to plan the line. I do not like to throw this word, but in this case it fits well. The director first presents the material in an extremely "arrogant" way and even worse, extremely incoherent. It's inconsistent in the fact that this material is in a messy order, which leads us to the idea that the director was too drunk to remember which scenes are in the first place, and arrogant in the fact that in 2 hours they expect us from the viewer to get Let's have fun out of it. I respect surrealistic movie for what it is. (creating a story about more than a real world that does not relate to real life) But there is nothing surprising about the story being placed in the usual modern times, and the modern day setting, which is most important that it can not attract the audience, more simply the outburst of events who barely connect. The most accurate way to describe the experience of watching this movie is like watching a story; maybe even a very good story, based on the book, but frustrated by the fact that the camera does not seem to capture the necessary moments and connects all the coherent means. Compare it. stylistic cinema. Compare Gaspar Noe with "Seul contre tous". He gave us a coherent, extremely interesting and intellectually profound story. This film does not offer an intellectual study, and although it is very stylish in a fragmented presentation, the director finally left the basic art of good storytelling, and all we have left is the mess of the barely-connected events. Yes, it's really possible to invent things ... in POINT. But, as I said earlier, the viewer will come to a stage in which he will simply say, "Who cares." It plays as if watching a gray world story about a man who goes to the supermarket and buys groceries in a non-routine order. Even with murders is completely unintelligible and unconscious. Too many people these days will give high marks to something that they are not able to understand or to think simply because of the fear that they will look stupid, and in every way this film tries to make the viewer look dumb. You have too much time on your hands, then look at this movie, taking into account what I said. It's a story based on a book that could have been presented in a more efficient way, and that's my conclusion.
