It's nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman ordered US forces in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, was set up mainly in the Travis Air Force base in California in years when it was used as a station for soldiers shipped to fight in Korea. But you need to do your own research to know this, because no name of 'Korea' was mentioned at any time during the film. We see that transport planes fly fresh bodies and return with wounded soldiers, but it does not mention where these people will fight or be injured. What is strange about the film is designed to waving the flag and greet American people in uniform. Released in December 1951 by Varner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious attempt to repeat the success of the Hollivood Canteen study film that went through the world war. These 1944 audience fans reported the story of two soldiers who spent the last three nights in a nightclub of the famous Los Angeles Armed Forces in the hope of meeting Joan Leslie. But it really was just an excuse for Varners to expel each star under contract, from Joan Cravford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanvick to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sidney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two Air Force Soldiers who are hoping to get to know the fictional Starlet Nell Vaine (a mask like Janice Rule) and convince a crowd of Varner Bros. stars to present the departing troops. But instead of Cravford, Garfield and others, the best that Varner Brothers could scratch in 1951 are Doris Dai, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Maio, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with short-lived performances by James Cagney, Randolph Scot, and a clear shame to watch Garia Coopera. This shuffled music, whose combined power of the star would be able to illuminate the standard lamp, perfectly matches the dark production values. It is assumed that in an attempt to save money taken a few long scenes with a really very bad projection. How bad is it? You can see how the screen merges with the floor of the sound scene! To describe STARLIFT as a messy, lazy and third movie is a bad thing for films that are messy, lazy and third. It's horrible. Avoid this.
