Wow boy. Ever since you wanted to watch a documentary about a megaloman jerk that ruined your life and alienates everything around you? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wished to watch a documentary about someone who failed to do anything despite the praises of all the people about how much he is a "genius" artist? You might just be able to catch the camera and find such a person in any local scene (I know they are everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or you could save trouble by spending money watching this bug. The premise is good and, frankly, it's not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where they are going, as this is one of the difficulty in filming a documentary. We made it follow two bands, The Brian Jamestovn Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandi Varhols, led by Courtnei. I heard about Dandy Warhols before I watched this movie ... not so much Brian Jamestown's massacre. Why? From the perspective of this documentary, due to the dysfunction of the band Brian Jamestown Massacre, they have been denied the opportunity to really succeed in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of two separate bands and how one has succeeded, the focus becomes much more on Anton and his craziness. Because, you see, Anton is a "genius". "Because he plays rock music, he really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered" postmodern retro, but the future "... because it's rock music. to perform a "revolution" ... through rock music. Okay, let's face it ... Twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest kids I'd like to watch on a documentary about it. I'm a documentary by itself, it can not show any Anton's talent, because in the nature of editing 2,000 hours of material in a quarter less than two hours, I shut up We have no time to focus on it. Instead, we look at Anton, the "genius", the socio-maniac loser, we are a jerk for two hours and we just tell them to understand that he made great music. Did he do it or not, I I will not know this because his documentary film did not have enough time to prove it. What I know is that then we are left with a story about some self-conscious abominable jerk across the country, calling God's music and not doing anything to support it. Why are you even tired? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, hope, and admiration of all these different people, and especially the post-failure to the lost potential. This movie is played as a two-hour VH1 special case for some reason: it continues and continues music, but it all revolves around image and attention. Look at the guy, look how he dresses, see how he behaves, see how he is trying to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. Honestly, the only interesting feature in this movie is Joel, and this is for anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person to have fun. Maybe because he's a tambourine man. The rest are all rock stars! They deserve our attention, and admiration, interest, and engagement! They are there to "save rock and roll". Do You Remember When The Vhite Stripes Should Rescue Rock and Roll? Yes, it was because of Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a load. People like Anton best leave forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because musicians have to deal with people like Anton for life and in the end, they can only really give support behind someone who is safe and passionless. Thank you very much, Anton. Your antiquity has destroyed the music for ALL that you touched, regardless of the opinion of the opposite. And if people "know" about Anton do not agree and he was really a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is to cut him off in that way. <br /> <br /> - PolarDiB
