I still do not know why I forced myself to sit through the whole thing. This "movie" was not worth the Memorek DVD-R that was burned; I thought I was watching the end result of a group of high school students stealing their parents' camcorder. This is by far the worst movie ever made. Indeed, from the bottom of my heart, I want to sue Aaron Iamasat for two hours that he stole from my life. So it is obvious that it is intentionally bad; However, if you end up in Hell and are forced to watch this 90-minute winding doo-doo, you will see that Iamasato is really trying to make a phenomenal film. Actors are trying to make dramatic punches against Crimson Tide, but they are approaching Marine. Shit is just the tip of the iceberg. Camera angles are terrible. The story is at best C-movie ... the action is not good enough to be considered a B-movie caliber. The dialogue is trying to be dynamic and witty, but it's shit like everything else. Circles rumors that the paper copy of the script actually attracts flies. Plus, the techno result is unpleasant ... not because it's techno, but because it's NON-STOP. That's right, music plays in the background FULLY TIME, acting as a subconscious reminder of how bad this is. I do not care what the claim about disclaiming responsibility, I do not buy. BOTS was not intentionally done bad, because it is considered to be too serious for what was: a joke. This "movie" was very low-budget. But this is not an excuse for the sucking factor that relates to records. Big films are born from the essence, not from the budget. BOTS did not have one. Allow me to further articulate the mighty power of this 90-minute loss of time: if I had had three times with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel in front of TV and Blood Samurai came, I would have been faster than Steven Seagal in Executive decision. Undoubtedly, some people will try to defend the movie. Two, maybe three. He'll say, "It's grindhouse shit!" or "cheeses in a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are idiots. The film is either good or bad. There is no good thing. But there are things like idiots who love shitty movies. Do not get me wrong; There are many movies that do not have to be taken, which are fun and entertaining. Skating is one. BOTS is not. This shit takes about an hour and a half, and in my humble opinion, it's 90 minutes too long. The best thing about this movie is the DVD cover, so next time you are near the Val-Mart DVD, take a look ... DO NOT DIE, just look ... and quietly leave.
