I knew it was not good to work between me and D-wars from the moment we met. The first title was lazy. D var. It was as though the printing of the Dragon was too much for them. Also ... you really can not be that attacked with your title unless your Blue Monkeys. A blue monkey can do whatever he wants. Another sign of the stony relationship between us was the crazy progression of the story. Here's a movie, a dreamy reporter reporting on the great snake trails, flashed back at a time when he and his dad got lost in what had to be a gremlin shop and a dreamy baby journalist who finds a box that lights up. There are several horrible truths in the old store. That Bauraki allegedly the evil snake was deceived by her chances of being a god. tells the kid that he is a reincarnated warrior and is somewhere in LA his reincarnated lover and gives him a piece of jewelry. The store keeps it and reveals that, despite its obvious whiteness, the 500-year-old is Asian. Fifteen years later a dreaming reporter perfectly remembers this and begins to behave crazily trying to find this random girlfriend. CGI hygiene monitors and in the last ten minutes my brain melts from the nose. Why? Continue with a dear reader if you have balls. So, Sara, a reincarnated lover, has her own flashbacks. I have the benefit of having an Asian best friend and on a scene where he starts to crash and make a bunch of posters with Asian characters on them, he tells me that whoever made this movie has no idea what they are doing. It is a Korean legend and it is reincarnated by the Korean princess, but everything is in Chinese. Later that night, her dragon starts to hurt, she calls the police because she seems to have a heart attack. You see, in this mixed crazy world, they obviously treat heart attacks differently, because when next time we see, it is locked in its room with the guard outside, and the nurse claims to be crazy. Now I have a new phobia, and if I am in trouble, those who first reacted will assume I'm crazy. I have another point of conflict with my harsh mistress, Dvar. There is a scene when Patrick Dempsei is ml. (Dreami Reporter) in a cafe with a sassy black friend. In the scenes before the Miffed Near deity Bauraki killed an elephant, crossed the suburbs and killed one of Sarah's friends. You see, people were scared to come out after the nineteenth, but we need to get stronger after making coffee and baking decisions worth the risk for our lives. The job as usual, in no way will a huge snake stop me from getting caffeine. If I stay inside and fear for my life, terrorists and serpents are winning. After getting a satisfactory dragon on a helicopter battle, my cruel lover Drew treats me with pi $$ and a filled-in vinegar to finish it all. Bauraki has its fort and right under LA. They do not actually say, but Dreami Reporter and Sarah are knocked out in a car accident that would kill fewer men and when they wake up, the dragon's palace. some retarded dialogue, later a good dragon god appeared out of nowhere and snakes fought / led love. And I'm not kidding a good snake out of nowhere. You might think I'm dropping him out of proportion, I'm not mentioning this in the movie, and then suddenly ... there! A few seconds later, a good dragon becomes a dragon god, puts Baurki on the fire, Sara turns into a spirit and goes with the God of the Dragon, a dreamy reporter left in the middle of nothing ... ... thank God the relationship as rocky had its good times. He was a guy who looked like a turtle shredder and spoke like a Tuscan robber from a star of wars. I'll call him Tuskan Shredder. He could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted, but he could never be useful. He could walk through the wall in a scene where it did not help. He could have gone to your dreams when that would not be good and he could have inflamed ten random soldiers, but not when it was important. He was also allergic to touching that jewelry. I love him because he hit him twice in the same scene and made a fantastic sloppy raider sound. The actors were mostly great ... if they were somehow big. Jason Behr, who I thought was excellent at Roswell and slowly found out, can only work in one way, which is pretentious, space and Patrick Dempsey's "ish." One thing I love about this dirty prostitute, Dvars, is his main actor, Bauraki. This giant snake was saying his heart. I would dare say that he was better at playing the cgi serpentine demi-god of evil, and then John Barrimore played Richard III or Hamlet. There was emotions in every scene, stealing the thunder from his smaller mortal support. When he ate an elephant, I felt as if no past, present or future would ever eat an elephant with so many feelings. He was more than an actor, was the force of nature and put his heart and soul in every second of this damn project. Yes damnation, my favorite actor in this movie was a cgi snake. I have the balls to admit it, do not I? I'll never have to watch Blue Monkeys again. So, D-war is over. I want to back my CDs and be friends
