Everyone is doing things that they later regret. Things they want to be able to blame drugs or possess foreigners. Things that at that time seem rational, later reveal that the invitations for suffering and endless accusations of stupidity were cut. For some people, it signs a note for the new Hummer, for others who choose to be a homicidal hitch, as some others send information about their bank account to third world millionaire mysteriously linked to money. For me it was a movie. D-rat: The Dragons' War Looking back, I should have guessed that this film will be ecologically and completely recycled and it will turn out to be from its stinging and repetitive title. But with my ready suspension of unbelief with intact, and naive faith stemming from the cool looks of the poster in the lobby, I really wanted this film to work. Unfortunately, when the old man in the pavilion explained the whole story, fifteen minutes into the picture, I had a sudden, sinking revelation that comes from the knowledge of every plot of still unseen film. And worse: I knew how each point would be bad. Allow me to be perfectly clear, the English language lacks enough shade and depth in the field of extreme evil to properly describe how bad this is. The film really is. As for the knowledge of all the films of the film, I made a mistake. In the spirit of old Godzille films, whose charts are not worthy of this, at any moment the main characters were endangered by the spectrum of meaningful dialogue. Inflicted by close calls, miraculous escapades and concentrated deposits of poorly-expressed fear. This film is what would happen if you gave the products of the Powerful Morphing Power Rangers access to the national defense budget. And a lot of alcohol. Allow me to explain to you. Imagine that you can get all the most exciting pieces from the successful action movies of the last decade: First, take the amphibious armies of Star Wars Episode One and remove their Prozac until they are ready for the Navi Seals Club. Then, get closer to Kira Knightley and call Tom Cruise at Ethan as a "subtle" man on an impossible franchise mission.) and give them a lot of movie narratives, so nobody will be confused while trying to track the depths of his he thinks. At the end, add a bad guy in a shiny armor to the worthy Lord of the Rings of Yard and some giant cobras, angry that their scenes have been deleted from the latest release of King Kong, and you are explicitly arranging them in a modern day in Los Angeles. Now run into a drugstore to find something for your sudden migraine. When you get back, flush these ingredients until the hint of originality is overlooked, then dissolve into the homogenized cheese mass and serve half-gelatinous. At a few points during this painting, I found myself speaking loudly. "Take a stand on a bad movie," and break into wages. Calling this with a B-movie, it would give you an unhealthy promotion. After a summer school, and lots of physical therapy, it's possible to pass a level C film, if you could somehow sleep through most of it. In short, if you ever find money and brain cells to burn, and the need to punish for disgusting, unspoken sins against humanity, Dragon Vars can be a movie for you.
