... no one else watches the movie. My husband and I went to see him last night. It's just a little theater, but there are usually plenty of people there. Not this time! My husband and I were ONLY the people who watched Dragon Vars last night! Now we know why. The film was one of the worst I've ever seen. Yes, Montenegro was good, but that was it. Act, script and dialogue, directing, editing, etc. He was terrible! Since we were alone in the room, we felt free to talk during the film. That is, we talked about how bad it was, reminded us of Powerful Morphine Powers Ranger, Godzilla, Mortal Combat, and Lord of the Rings. It was as if we expect to see Rita and Lord Zed who portray the commanders of Sauron's army. The creatures were ridiculous. You can not introduce legions of dino / dragon / lizard stuff loaded with cannon without explanation. The Lord of the Rings has a wide range of characters, but introduces them and develops over 3 movies, not for an hour and a half. Transitions in the scene are terrible. During the film I did not fall asleep, but even though it was an overly simple plot, I found myself getting lost in the holes for the works. due to bad written dialogue in the script. The final scene that could use some movie value ... failed. Ethan did not cry when Sarah died ... although he had not known each other for a long time. He did not look too upset that he left him in Mordor, not knowing where and how to get back. We could not understand God's love for where he is or how he came there, but if he was not upset, we should not be one of the other. that Sarah's spirit seemed to look like she borrowed him from Queen Elizabeth? One more thing ... all three main characters were reincarnations brought to complete the job. Sara concludes her assignment and goes on to pre-war life. And Jack works. Then why is Ethan fucked? He is alone, without a girl, without a map / compass / helicopter to help him return. What should he do? Send smoke signals? And if he returns home, does he just return to his job? He should have been given the same mercy to be killed from a film that had other heroes. Do not waste time and money on this movie. We stayed until the end because we paid him, but as soon as the loans fell, we were at the door.
