I entered this film with great hopes. Normally, I'm not too picky about my movies, and movies about creatures are always * fun to watch, or I thought so. I will quote the good parts of this film: - The effects of the creature. All creatures were well done, their movements were realistic and fit into other images. To be honest, the effects of the creatures were the only reason I gave this film and not 1. Now, the bad things: - The acting. Dear God, I saw bad acting, but this movie takes a cake. None of the characters is even close to * convincing. It's as if the director sent a call for casting and chose all the worst attempts. I worked hard to make myself laugh too much because I did not want to disturb anyone else in the theater, but the acting was really BETTER. - Story: The whole story is full of actions from the beginning to the end. You can select at least 5 holes for a portion of the given 30 minutes of the movie. The colorful holes are of course free for cheese. This is probably one of the most unusual, untrained and dumb stories I've ever seen on the screen, because I had a terrible accident to sit on one night and watch parasites on the SciFi Channel. - Dialogue: This is a world in which everyone says they are the safest and most unusual they can, with every chance they can. In this world, it seems that each line has already been spoken in at least 30 other low budget films. It's the world of cheese and clichés. - Special effects. While the effects of the creatures were truly phenomenal, special effects had failed. Yes, they are better than those in other films, but there is a lot of it in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation. It looks like some special effects used on the TV series Pover Rangers, to be honest. In short: Dragon Vars is not worth your time or money. The concept is good, but it's trapped in poor direction, acting, dialogue and the movie's harshness. Wait until the next big monster movie. It must be better than that, because Dragon Vars is absolutely horrible.
