KING MAKER will undoubtedly be successful in Thailand where he is similar (but superior) to 'The Legend of Suriiothai' set boxing office. The film, directed by Lek Kitaparaporn, based on Sean Casey's scenario based on the historical fact of 1547, Siam has some incredibly beautiful visual elements, but is disarmed by one of the most powerful, footage scenarios and making stories on the movie. The case involving the picture is the arrival of the Portuguese soldier of the fate of Fernanda de Gamme (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for the killer of this father leads to the shipwreck, capture and throwing into slavery and putting a bloc in Aiutthai in the kingdom of Siam , is bought by beautiful Mary (Cindi Burbridge) with the consent of her father, Phillipe (John Rhis-Davies), a man with a name and a past that has been discovered as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the king and Fernand and his new Siamese assistant Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some CGI increased the choreography of nonsense in martial arts, for the first time the king was rewarded to become his bodyguard, only to be closed once King Ioannis (Ioe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and son to allow her lover Lordu Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take over Siam's rule. However, of course, Fernando and Tong are running away and are being convicted of fighting each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernand's now strong love relationship with Mary) with the expected consequences. The acting (with the exception of John Rhis-Davies) is so weak that the film sometimes seems to be a campsite. A predominantly Thai fight is struggling with badly written dialogue, which is why we want to use our original Thai with subtitles. Ian Livingston's musical scorecard sounds like he was exhumed from old TV soap operas. But if it's visual glamor, then there's plenty of that and it just makes a movie worth watching. It is a film that has obviously high financial support for all the special effects and masses of actors and sets and shows its good intentions. There are only basics missing. Builds Harp
