Okay, I will not criticize this movie in depth. I see many exaggerated criticisms before me, and as I generally love Maria de Medeiros, I have long hesitated to make a derogatory comment - and in this way it's been almost a year. But every time I see that DVD on the shelf, I feel an inner sigh. Anyway, let eloose voices overcome me! But for other film movies like me, beware. Expressed in the simplest and simplest way, here's my post: Political turmoil and distraction provide the background for this movie also served as a background for a certain period of my life - through the newspaper I read daily at his local European pub. At that time, I followed the reports, but I never fully understood what was. Journalists usually reported either in non-Iranian terms, or with conservatism reluctant to rely on any group that distorts peace or incites rebellion against the institution. These were the times when other winds of unrest swept through Paris, Berlin, Prague and various places in the United States, and I understood all these issues at that time - but dictatorship or not, my documents related to the Portuguese government simply as the founding - not as a well-built "empire of evil", to use frivolous terms "Star Wars". So, week after week, I'm reading about disturbances, but I never found an intelligent editor who could provide history behind them, or an assessment of the practices and socio-economic impact of dictatorship, etc. So, by buying this movie, I had at least two hopes: to finally understand the details that lead to social unrest and enjoy a well-designed drama. This film did not give me. The film assumes that viewers already have enough knowledge and deep emotions in relation to historical facts. And drama - well, as I said, I want to encourage Maria de Medeiros and the Portuguese film industry, but - it was rough and shallow. I received a copy of a DVD from France - "Selection Official Cannes 2000 - Un Certain Regard". The box shows smiling, smoothly shaved actors, which give a victory mark in a way that reminds me more of Plaiboi Bunny. After I saw the works, I wondered how the French could think about it - although as a shallow piece of "cinema believe" with sensitive ethnic content, I can understand their natural tendency to praise him for "honesty," but ... <br / > Take a look at the back of the box: "We do not look at the chaleuruek sur la revolution" - warm watching? Try to describe Allende's demolition and murder with a "warm relationship"! Try Czechoslovakia in 1968! Try with the whole line of demolition and civil rebellion! Another critique: Maria de Medeiros renoue 'avec son pays, son of enfance et son histoire. "I like Portugal, throughout Europe, Lisbon, Barcelona and Prague are my favorite cities, but my love for the city and the land does not lead to an empty movie." its ancient VHS tapes Capas Negras and A Cancao de Lisboa - meanwhile, I stuck with the zone 2 of the above title that could go to the garbage.
