As with most reviewers, I've seen it on Starz! On request. After watching a look with her girlfriend, she decided not to look at how bad the look was. On the other hand, I thought that it seemed strange to me to look at. I mean, the design of Dr. Meso earned at least a brief review of this title. After watching, I can say that, although there are some interesting aspects (namely, browsing through notebooks and trying to understand an incomprehensible story), it is best to cross this one. Major Spoilers Ahead * After making his first video for his still unfinished CD, the singer, Cassidy, is killing himself in an attempt to tell his boyfriend Neil to spot her. 3 months later the band is trying to decide whether to finish the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy wanted, they are going to see her old friend, Doctor Mesa, and try to contact her through him. In reading his chart, Dr. Meso appears four real Death Cards for the four remaining members of the band. The bad weather progresses. (I just wanted to point out that later in the movie they explain that the Death Card actually represents a change. At least they like it.) Even without the permission of their late friend, they decide to continue the album's completion. But while in the bathroom, Cassidine's best friend, Dora, has seen her late friend. When the other brother goes to check it, Dora stands in the dark, looking for sunglasses. Then killing begins. My main problem with the movie from the very beginning is that it seems to be difficult to stylish up to the mistake. Too many bending effects, unnecessary zooming, and a host of other cheap effects of the puzzles of this movie. An unconscious story does not help. While the narrative meets for the first part, when the Cassids are resurrected, everything breaks apart. We have jumps between Cassidy and Dr. Meat (which mysteriously managed to enter the locked building), which shows that they are in some way connected. However, within a few minutes of this discovery, we find that Cassidi is truly an independent entity from Mesa. Then he turns to the guy who helped her in revenge, and he goes in a way that calls for Jack Nicholson as Joker. But not in a good way. From this moment, it is shown where Cassidi is located, but there are strange flaws because the character moves from place to place almost out of order. One scene shows that Cassidy stands at the table, when the character enters the next, she can not be found. As she moves behind the table, we see her at the end of the hallway. Then in the other room, catching the keys (which Neil already has), and then back again. Not to mention that from one moment to the next, Cassidy's mood seems totally free of 180 catalysts. At one point, she wants to kill everyone (although she only hurt 90% of characters) - the next one apologizes to everyone and comes out of the door to die again. Sounds confusing? That's because it is. It's a mess that I'm sure the writer could not even grasp. In terms of performance, most are especially wooden. Some of them are interesting, but all in all this is not a work that would be known for his acting. The story is the driving force behind this part.
