STUDIO 666 (called DEDICATED in the UK) is another sub-pair of slasher that has the look of a movie straight into DVD. While many movies with the right DVD are fast PUT or unintentionally ridiculous in such a bad way, STUDIO 666 is a sad mistake. At the time of writing, each comment on the first page contains a negative score and a negative score. . Each of these people hit a nail in the head. Two people (at the time of writing) who wrote comments with a score of 10 out of 10 should not be taken seriously. It is obvious that they watched a few slasher films and had even more limited understanding of horror. The only real positive thing I can say about this movie is that it's better than THE CHOKE and ONE OF THEME, two extremely central films that I would not wish for my worst enemy! The action of this movie must have been made in hundreds, if not thousands of times. The film has only a small turn (and one that is poorly handled) according to the usual expectations. A depressed singer committed suicide. Shortly thereafter, her spirit returns to the possession of one of her surviving friends. The aforementioned obsessed friend goes to murder. The rest of the plot is really bizarre for summing up. Only you will have to see it yourself, provided your interest has not yet been weakened to the point of extinction. The acting in the movie is very bad. An actor who played Dora was an exception. Her character was always interesting and seductive when she was on the screen. It helps to raise the film above similar modern efforts. Unfortunately, some of the sentences she had to say were poorly written to mildly say, and thus prevented her from saving the film. The direction was equally bad. Zlikovci did not seem to be the least threatening, every murder was completely devoid of tension, the atmosphere did not exist, and work on the camera was incredibly established. Some of the special effects (if you can call them that way) reminded me of the TV series, GHOST STORIES. Unfortunately for the producers of this film, GHOST STORIES has intelligently written scenarios, convincing performance and excellent camera angles. Perhaps, if the producers carefully watched the series, they picked up a few more techniques that might have saved that excuse for a movie! Music is totally inappropriate movie tone. It's just rock music, and not the best examples of this kind. Do not start with that horrible song at the beginning! Some aspects of the film, especially the dialogue, are inadvertently funny. Unfortunately, they are not ridiculous enough to move the film (or they should go down) to such a bad level. All in all, STUDIO 666 is a worldwide central slasher with very little attention. aspects. I recommend this only to those who are direct-film lovers on DVD and have the desire to see every slasher ever made.
