I hope that the viewer who considers "Dream Machine" one of the best and "best movies of the century" Kori Haima joked. Invisible sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope. The "Dream Machine" stands for the first of the long lines of central capers that will hit the rest of Corei Haima's career (except for the "Rollerboys Prayer" which was surprisingly decent). . Here, Haim plays a merciless boyfriend from college, Bernie, who assumes that a cool car will attract the attention of his girlfriend of dreams. Happiness for Bernie, a wealthy woman who wants to return to her husband who cheats, decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - a gift: a smooth Porsche Turbo. However, the woman did not know, and the accident for Bernie, that her dead husband was killed and that his body was hidden in the trunk. Because in this movie, it seems that the bodies do not collapse or have a pretty ugly role, Bernie is not aware of it. In fact, the unconscious boy has no idea that something is suspicious in the movement despite a few strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him around, desperately seeking to keep that body relatively undiscovered. This is a low-level action that is lost as much as Haim's films like this (see The Double O Kid)). Despite being part of the action, part of the romantic comedy, this film does not offer the viewer anything of the kind that is interesting at least for the first forty-five minutes in which filmmakers take more than enough time to show the current problem (ie, Bernie is in possession) of a car and a dead body, and killer who discovered that Porsche would be hard to find). After that, and thanks to the poor actor Hami (I also loved this child, but it's not very clear when he obviously could not do well) and the lack of real immediacy and urgency between Bernie and the villain makes many events inconceivable and as a result unsuitable. To add injury to insults, the soundtrack was incredibly funny and sounded more like self-evident songs that you would hear in Team America (see 'date setup'). you will not be disappointed when you see their boy in abundance. However, others realize that Hamilton's career most likely reached the peak when he was 14 or 15 years old and never recovered, he could expect centerbity, as well as viewers who only wanted b-comedy in the early nineties to pass the time.
