It seems that during the 1970s there were films like this one. The fact that I can not remember the title to one of them is a measure of their influence. These are what novelists would call 'pots for pots'. They are hardly more than a vehicle for keeping movie stars in the public eye. We have Micheal Caine, Peter Ustinov, Omar Sharif, Rek Harrison and Villiam Holden; more than enough names to get bumps on the cinema seats. For every taste in the hero, he cares. Although it is suspected that most of the audience is still disappointed. Their talents are simply dumped, and I wonder if stars with so much money and such a reputation can be so desperate or insufficient in a good way. . This type of film hardly adds a CV to the plating. Sometimes the actors may choose their director instead of the other way around. It was pretty obvious that this would be shit even from the very beginning. This absurdly uncomfortable jaunty-jazz music, which also appeared every time an occasional noise was needed, had all the atmospheric convictions in the Muzak elevator. Who imagined to hire a jazz band when the scene depicts steam jungles in Central Africa, or endless Sahara with camels and palm as a background? Definitely a serious ball. Ennio Morricone would know what to do; and his results would spark enough atmospheres and tensions to raise my score to a good two points. This director was supposed to try to watch 'Lavrence of Arabia', or even Westerne Sergio Leone; Maybe he learned a few things. But again, you probably would not. Alfred Hitchcock played a woman who was missing out on a good effect in her 'Frantic' movie. Later it was changed with the same momentum, watching Harrison Ford. In any case, the confusion about her loss and the tension in the search was palpable. Here, when Michael Caine was forced to employ a little brain and bragging, Rek Harrison was constantly emerging from nothing like a cunning old genius, to bring him back to the right path whenever narration broke out. At least photos were pretty good, with great use of often beautiful surroundings. But then stupid music has to be pulled out and struck atoms by the little ambience that it created. Action scenes are also fictitious and stiff, with such incompetent choreographed sequences of struggle that they might have been placed in the first-year drama class. And, of course, players have to fight for jazz accompaniment - just like you. And this is roughly how many comments this item deserves. Except I say that the script was pretty poor. Keep up your hobby on this. Even if it contains your favorite movie stars, you will surely be disappointed.
