Michael Caine always argued that Ashanti was "the only movie (it) pure for money," as well as "the worst film he ever played in." Hold on, Michael, have not you been to The Swarm and hurried to Sundown? And were not both films much worse than Ashanti? Maybe Caine merely reluctantly recalls the physically punitive demands for shooting an action movie at temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (Director Richard Fleischer is hospitalized as a result of sunshine during the shoot). What actually appears as Ashanti is not a career low in Michael Caine. Instead, it's a very average thriller in search of talented actors, exotic locations, boring moves and a very formative story. Dr. David Linderbi (Caine) is a medical technician V.H.O who remained devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappears while traveling to an African tribal village. Linderbee gradually realizes that his wife was robbed by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and is moving in pursuit throughout the continent which eventually leads to the Middle East. The big stars enter into ineffective and redundant roaming roles. Villiam Holden has a poor lead as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif displays a little of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Reek Harrison is rightly bored over his brief role as a useful contact that Caine helps in his quest. The film is based on the best-selling Ebano, a little-known author of Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the uncertainty that made the book so popular, largely does not exist in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as a slave (it seems that he is incapable of giving bad performances in all his films), and Caine creates a compelling pain as a man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but on the whole, Ashanti is quite slow. All in all, it is a resistant piece of action hockey - in no case, as Kane often suggested, but not very inspiring film and certainly a desert from all talents.
