I'm in awe! Wake up, get ready to take you by the weird way of the ninja. Observe them as they lean, crawl around the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like caterpillars, fly through the sky, climb up buildings, hide and spill out of trees, throw around a ninja star, play blue mats for a welcome, disappear in smoke bombs Make lots of noise with your knives and quickly sneeze or hit your fingers. What a scene! I could really talk about many traditional actions, but I will be here all day. Oh, let's not forget that even the legendary Chuck Connors is pulled over and over again, and we watch him send some ninjas with his shotgun with some lightness. Which group! What an evil! Either way, ultra-cheap 'Sakura Killers' is some stupid, but syrus action action that only fanatics of this genre can get out of this tricky debacle. The Genetic Laboratory in America has a very important video that steals a couple of ninjas. Two Americans were sent to Japan by Colonel (Chuck Connors) to catch him. Opening this function sets it well. Get ready for a laugh! After that it slows down, but shortly after two main protagonists learn about the ninja and go through the training, they get a pair when they break into costumes and escape after a stolen beta containing a very important formula. This is the moment when the strongly accelerated action and aerobic marital arts really play. She's not too bad, like moronic scenarios and stupid performances. The final climate calculation is very well made. In slow moves by two Americans (Mike Kelli and George Nicholas) they look at the case, share brain-to-brain conversations and encounter some minor problems. What was laughing at me was that the ninja was put off by the brave and clever two of them. These were supposed to be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('The Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he has and plays it for what he is. He focuses on screen activities around striking locations in Taiwan. The result is an agreement.
