That's why I rented this from Netflik because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hated, hated, hated this movie," and he gave this book a rare zero-star rating and said at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time "should be abolished in order to provide free ukulele drinkers for the poor. That's why I realized from Ebert I'll see if it's really as bad as he said. I know that most of the society says I do not listen to critics and judge for myself, but I could not say how much I hated this piece of rubbish as Ebert did, and never after Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North," where he said he hated this movie that I have ever heard such a brilliant review of the hate movie. Here we have Richard Dreyfus as a gangster, which I think would not be terrible to see Dreifuss as a gangster for the script for this film to be well written. But above all other things that were terrible about this "movie" I can certainly tell you that the script is not well written at all. While the movie begins with Jeff Goldblum, who says he enjoyed watching Dreifuss's girlfriend while Dreifuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after introductory credits. But after these first 4 or 5 minutes, the remaining 85 minutes consists of stupid characters who say meaningless rubbish for 30 seconds, and then someone is shot. Then there's a whole bunch of jokes about Dreifuss being mentally ill. Ha-ha. Not funny. Then we have an unpleasant and awkward scene that parodied Frank Sinatra's "My Way", which was sung by Gabriel Birne, apparently to offend Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script is written at the level of the sixth grade, Dreifuss recorded Birne over five times, and Birne simply will not die. Did we, as an audience, need to worry, or do we think it's funny? I can certainly tell you that I did not care or that it was funny. Not only is I disappointed with Dreifuss (which I am very admired as an actor) for the production and the main role in this trio, but I am also extremely disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because it was published the same year when "Independence Day" was the most successful film of the year and at the end of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that the "Independence Day" would be unsuccessful and then just take on the next role offered to him to earn something if the "Independence Day" would be a bomb? What is the winner of the Oscars and the Stars of the Two Greatest Money for Movies in History Have It Discovered That It's Fun? The introductory sequence "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is set on another planet. Now I just want to spend 93 minutes watching this garbage to stay and open up on cinemas on the planet, where it is allegedly taking place so that everyone on this planet would never be here from this funny loss of 93 minutes from me life I will never be put back. Ebert says the film should cut off is not good enough, I'm afraid. Every copy of the "Mad Dog Time" should be poured over her gasoline and set on fire. I still have the worst movie I've ever seen on top because this movie has won honor as the worst movie ever.
