What an insult to Olivier D'Abo, who plays the heroine of the movie, Robin, that Keanu Reeves appears so great on a film art box (and at least recently reissues that only Reeves appears on the box), since she was a star. I understand that his name is what will ultimately sell this long forgotten After School Special, but at least give women a merit. Despite this, this must be one of the worst teen of sports thematic films I have ever seen, and is very busy adding not only every cliché of teenage and sports films from class warfare between the revenge of the gymnast and the teenage girl romance. And, in an effort to somehow present itself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the warehouse dance scenes, it's even pretty close to Michael Sembella's famous "maniac" who celebrated Flashdance, or was it the other way around?). It includes similar dance sequences and even worse, even dance and sporting traditions of the 1980s last year's dance between a heroine and her antagonists, those who doubt her successes and abilities in the team. We saw it in the Trash (vert ramp joust) and Radu (BMX dance at the prom night, although it was not much for competition, but for fun). In fact, this film is full of unrealistic corn, such as a slightly homo-erotic rolling in clothes in the Rescue Army with Robin and her friend from the team. Still, the film is about a young girl who comes from pretty bad origin. Above all, in the massive need to squeeze as much as possible sympathy from the audience, she lives with her sick mother, her unpleasant sister and her careless (and a little offensive) stepfather. Needless to say that home life is not so attractive. Add a mix, talent for gymnastics, as well as several obstacles to join the team (including the discomfort of her arrogant, snobbish teammate and trainer who ultimately doubts her ability to compete well). And, of course, we can not forget that he has eyes for one of the nice boys who meet with some awesome matchmaker, or that he does not have a permanent boyfriend (although Keanu as Tommy later enters the picture). Would this child be poorer? And it seems that one mess after another appears to be embarrassed in his painfully long, redundant and clichéed effort to prove his worth to everyone. But even the most important moments of cheerfulness that make up the majority of the movie is hardly worth mentioning, since the biggest disruption to this movie is the terrible acting and dialogue. (I like the gym trainer suddenly appearing in the restaurant in the middle of a dance exit to outplay the matchmakers). It makes episodes of 'Amazing Stories' like Shakespeare. I suppose that anyone capable of finding this movie and looking at it these days probably attracts mainly because of the nostalgic factor. For that you may be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptor.
