My mother was working with Dennis L. Raider for eleven years, not to mention that he shared the office with him. When it was announced that it was BTK, it was shocked. All her days were just her stories about how she would never be seen as a killer of Vichit. I heard her pronounce them again. I asked myself about many things and went to all the interviews he was asked to leave. I read the whole book about the Raider, Vichita is my hometown and I was surprised that such a thing can happen in Kansas. There was another BTK movie on TV recently, and I thought it would be better to show Dennis's murders, maybe even have some intelligent views on his motives. I will be very rude with the defects in this movie. This is based on the fact that my mom showed him, all my readings about him and video tapes that I saw talking on. First, the camera angles were terrible. It seemed like it was shot on a home video camera. The act was terrible and I could not even watch. Dennis Raider never had long hair. Dennis Raider was a "very anal man" and was the "follow the rule" type. He was not as good as the movie had forced him to look at, he was very polite and inclined, like a businessman. The same goes for his killings, as far as we know. If you've seen his confession before the court, you can already assume it. As for the obsession with the slaughterhouse? I have never read or Dennis Raider has acknowledged that there is a problem with the cruelty of animals or people who are bugging. In fact, he dealt with cats and dogs for methods of choking. Nevertheless, the whole film put the animals on the victim's faces and acted as if he cares for the welfare of them. Dennis Raider never killed people he knew, he admits, but in the movie he says in his first murder, a lady he knows too. I really do not even want to go into this movie, and I've already sounded. This is not what you want to watch if you are interested in current events in the BTK. This is not what you want to watch if you want a good horror movie. If you want a badly shot half-porn with some scenes of massacre, then this is your movie.
