I admit the problem I have with the very famous Ealing movies I've seen so far could be mine. In my taste, either they are black and funny, or so bright in tone that they are dissatisfied with comedies or stories. It's a very important way to say that I wanted to love "The Man in a White Dress", but I found myself struggling to sit in a short time. Textile worker Sidney Straton (Alec Guinness) can be meek in the way, but he is consistently committed to advancement in the form of his attempts to invent a strip of fabric that can not be broken or made dirty. Using the factory laboratory for his latest experiment, he is fighting the limitations, both material and human - the latter are mills who do not understand what he is doing, and then he understands it and even more obliges them to stop him. Br /> "These are little minds like yours who are on the road of progress," Sydney complains, practicing in the mirror what is struggling to tell a man. One problem with "The Man in a White Dress" is that Sidney's vision of progress is also very intelligent, even more than those of bosses or workers who also despise his work. My problem is more elemental: for comedy, "White suit" is not funny. It is a fairly serious script that is too often trying to alleviate its weak attempts of humor from spitting, dual taking, triple taking and vertigo. The best joke is the sound of the machine. Sidney is striving, infinitely "Bleep-Blop-Bop" and every visitor greets the cueer's looks until Sidney pulls out his wonder from it or ruins it. Like everyone else, the humor that functions well in this movie is lost, it's too long. I've never seen Guinness less of an impact in the movie, although it looks incredibly young and serious (although actually in my mid-thirties). He looks so bravely, even more than the general wax face that he played in Doctor Zhivago. He is the same cold fish regardless of whether he ignores the sad feelings of a girl who hits mills and offers him life savings when he loses his job (Vida Hope as Bertha) or the sultry charms of young Daphne Birnlee (Joan Greenwood), his true ally in the fight against " dirt, "he says, making these words sound incredibly sexy as Only Greenwood could. Supported players make the "Take Suit" work well as he does. Ernest Thesinger of the "Bride Of Frankenstein" fame plays a particularly nasty captain of the industry that looks like Nosferatu and laughs like a deadly rush. Howard Marion-Cravford, as another factory manager, is here unforgettable, as he played the bland medical officer in "Lavrence Of Arabia". Then there's Mandya Miller's incomprehensible charm as a little girl who steals her for a few moments on the camera just below everyone else. But most of the scenes are playing so straight that you would not think that director Alekander Mackendrick has ever worked on comedy before (his previous comedy Ealing "Vhiskei Galore" does not change that impression, unfortunately). The performance of Roger MacDougall raises the notion of scientific progress as a potential disaster, but does not represent a boring Sydney in anything but the brightest light. Eating comedies are remembered by filming the human side of the comedy. However, the Ealings I've seen never do this, working only when they play aggressively against our own sympathies. "Kind Hearts And Coronets" and "The Ladikillers" (again Mackendrick, go figure) are classics in this way. The "white suit", on the other hand, is a senseless wandering that decays when it should be connected, just like that unfortunate suit.
