- It can contain spoilers ... but believe me, this movie broke from the beginning to the end. I entered this high-expecting film. That was my fault. I've put too much stock in Steve Carell's record so far. 40 years old virgin ... Little Miss Sunshine ... Office. I made a mistake that I came to IMDb and saw a user rating of 7.5 before going to the movie. In the past, it has always been a good predictor, but something has been definitely excluded recently. The last time I felt so embarrassed in this big pain in the movie I watched "Blue Steel" 1990. This film started from the beginning to the end. The scenario was poor material. I'm writing awfully everywhere around. "The killer of love"? "Love Is Ability"? Whoever wrote this shit suffered from the same trouble that hit the American beauty writer (s) ... trying too hard to try. The whole movie was filled with the moments of Three's, such as the terrible and fanciful shower scene. Or a meaningless / confusing aerobic scene. Or a terrible laundry scene. The right thing to think is that something serious and / or really happens, they are thrown into one of these terrible moments. And it happens all over again and again. And what about Karl's character? Does a man meet a book in a bookstore and suddenly falls in love? Let's be realistic. Their conversation was sucked. They were supposed to say goodbye after a few minutes. Pay special attention to the initial conversation when you have an accident to watch this movie .... Carl's character tries to say something that is absolutely accidental and not funny (I think the correct line was "this time when I was a kid" ... it's seriously), but both are so laughable that the coffee is cooked from the nose. The actors themselves seemed to be in pain, wondering why they were directed to do what they were doing. Back to IMDb thing ... you guys need to think of a way to keep the movie promotion team from this site. I know it's impossible, but it's painfully obvious that the first twenty years, or about 20 ranked, were published by twelve-year-olds or those hired by the studio. Check the rating of The Familiy Stone ... if it's middle 5, then this absolutely must be 2 ... and it pushes it.
