As is often the case, the impressive and explosive trailers of Asian films do not contribute anything more than glittering stories. Similar to Unleashed (which was great), Dog Bite Dog witnesses a story in which men are raised as wild wild dogs who perform their master's competition. The main characters, the emotionally undeveloped, amoral killer that coincides with an equally unstable policeman, are far from the common heroes and villains that we often see. In fact, in the end, you lose the trace of who you need to sympathize with, not feeling the slightest emotion for any of the men? Whether it was the director's failure or perhaps the underlying message he was trying to say is up to you to decide. Although the beginning of the film was full of intrigue and unpredictability, half meant that she went down to the boring story of survival and revenge. The tension that was apparent soon disappeared due to gross disagreement in music that had destroyed a potentially effective story. And finally, you have the feeling that all this detailed information and introspection of the main characters is somehow very unnecessary. On the plus side, turning the story from point to point b was rather untypical in relation to American films? so those who are not familiar with Asian films and are tired of Hollywood predictability, should check this. The white balance looked like he was in most of the film. It was like looking at a picture taken on a fluorescent when it was supposed to be tungsten. Maybe I'm the only one, but my eyes tightened. The film also enjoyed playing the tricks on you? an interesting upgrade gave me hope in a story that slowly moves until it has shifted to a low-budget budget scene at a low speed. And just when you think that you will get an unanswered indie that ends with a mixture of Shakespeare's tragedy, you realize that this is not an end to it, but a transition to the silly montage of music in the country about peace and tranquility. > Cast some terrible scenes from the buttocks, a moment of redemption that is unexpectedly returned to savage and back, on the other hand, the fascination of Asian women with body fluids and a terrible musical party that does not match the movie, and you get an average Asian thriller. Just do not understand why each scene of the fight was covered with clippings of rheumatic lions? I thought they should symbolize dogs? In the end, in the end, remember the real killer who still lurks among us? tetanus. 4/10
