After watching this movie, I have remained very disturbing about this film: why did Chen's character make it "McGuiver hitman" and Lee's character as an incompetent idiot? Chen's personality is that he grew up in an underground Cambodian orphanage for bloodthirsty fighters, where they learned to fight to death like wild "dogs." This detail is placed at an early stage during the scene where it enters the taxi and when it starts to ride, it shows that it is not known belt. Soon after this scene, he has a similar situation in the restaurant dim sum. Not only is she uneducated, but hungry. This does not apply to Chena's thinness, but to two early scenes in a film in which he stings food, one of which is a rice porridge from the bottom of the lower deck on an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, it was found that Chen was malnourished, unmodified, and that he had only something that suits him, his "dog" is some kind of combat style. In spite of this situation, Chen succeeds in throwing out every police officer (he even succeeded in refusing a bullet from a metal tube to hit a man in the head who held Chen's girlfriend as hostages) and in some ways achieved a super-human strength (swings 50). lb block of concrete, plastered at the end of the metal pipe, on the head of the police chief AS, he was killed in the chest, by that boss). Now Li character ..., I see, depressed, has some luggage, but wow, can anything be done right? At one point, they are trying to cool it, compose it and be prepared to take care of the job, and the next moment, he only won again. The first scene encounters Chen, and he manages to miss him, about 15 feet, more times. At the end of the scene, Lee watches Chen while a close friend and associate slowly stab into the neck with a long knife in 5 seconds while holding a Chen's pistol at a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to be stabbed to death and fails again. My biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that filmmakers are trying to get the audience to sympathize with Chene's character and that it's just "killing to survive". It would be a lot easier when I would not just watch Chen killing innocent people during the whole horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people had intended to try to kill him, the police chief and Li. Others were only the people who ate, ship owners, taxi drivers and police officers who tried to arrest him, and not kill him. All in all, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer that kills what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that it carries the bulk of the $ 100 billions for most of the movie?) My 3 stars are turning to some interesting directors / cameras who got some nice shots. Bottomline: One is made for Chen's fans. For Me "Dog Bite This DVD"
