Really, I really want to watch this movie and wait for months to get it through our Blockbuster Total Access account. When I appeared in our mailbox, I threw it straight into the DVD player. <br /> I was very disappointed, which made me angry again. I will give each film a chance, even if I want to get out of the theater / press 'stop'. I watched him all the way, but I did not get anything but frustration. The act was very, very good, but it was because of that. Nothing was explained; As we understand that Mathieu becomes depressed and embarked on a sort of psychiatric department, we never got an insight into his 'fall'. As we understand that he and Cedric break up, again, we do not see that this happened or why it happened. During a conversation with Mathieu's doctor, Cedric discovers that he once cheated him, but that was not a big deal. I expected to see this in flashbacks, but no - nothing. We also got suggestions that Cedric was the one who brought Mat to the hospital - but again, we do not see it. I know that some movies are based on it, but this film has sincerely screwed me up. When Pierre, Cedric formerly appeared in the club and started troubles, we do not see him until the end, and it took me a long time to realize that Pierre was former. His personality in the club and when Mat finds him completely different. Perhaps I'm even wrong to say this, it was so confusing. The film expects you to know everything and move along with its unconnected, extraordinary and confusing pace. I can watch movies such as 'Pi', 'Citizen Kane' and other movies that have flashbacks / flash-forward left and right, but the CU has not captured and retained the style. At the end of Citizen Kane, you know what's going on and discover the answer to the main mysteries. CU just leaves you hanging. He has a pretension in his 'we will not tell you the damn thing, understand for yourself' the presentation. It's like reading a book with included chapters, and pages are missing. Good acting, as I said. I knew the characters, but the whole story was too disappointing.
