Sitcom "Liga gospo" is following the lives of several bizarre residents of the fictitious village "Roiston Vasei". Different scenes are associated with a common environment. In the first series, sketch, the main plot deals with the new road that will be built through Roiston Vasei. Therefore, more foreigners visit the town. But Edward and Tubs, owners of a "local" store, which is actually far from the city, do not like foreigners. Whenever a visitor enters their shop, they kill him. In my opinion, some scenes are somehow untrustworthy and not at all funny, for example, when a couple absorbs two engineers who want to build a new path. Edward drums, while Tubbs dances half naked around the victims. Plus, Pauline lives in Royston Vase. She works at the local Employment Center. Although Pauline hates people she has to work with, she does not want to lose her job. When the unemployed gets an interview as a fireman, she does not let him go because he is not ready for work yet. Then there is Barbara Dicton, a transsexual taxi driver who turns the details of "her" sexual conversion. In addition, the veterinarian, Mr. Cynners always kill animals instead of treating them. In one case, he comes to the farm and leads to the living room, where the dog lies in his basket. Farmer goes out. Assuming that the dog is a sick animal, Mr. Chinneri euthanizes it. A second later, the farmer opens the door, holding in his hand a "real" sick animal, a sheep. Other residents are husband and his wife visiting their nephew (his by the way, killed by the shop owner.The couple is very neat, they have, for example, towels of different colors Each color denotes one part In addition, they have thousands of keys, marked with different colors and precisely classified. In my opinion, the actors play very well.When playing women, the scenes become comic and costumes are suitable for actors.Tubbs wears a scarf , and some crazy characters, for example Edward, have inconspicuous black teeth. The emission has a lot of dark h the sea, the typical Britannia The scenery reflects the mood of the series The village and all the houses look gray and decaying Around the local shop there is often a fog that intensifies the threatening effect Even the sign of the villagers is rude: Welcome to Roiston Vase You will never leave. br /> Though I think actors do a great job, this type of series is not my taste.
