My remark "Kool-Aid drinkers", I think they are such dedicated fans of man Pavarotti that they do not try to objectively evaluate this film. Giving this 10 is related to giving Valli Coku a prize for Mr. Universe or putting a velvety Elvis picture in Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember wild reviews with titles such as "No, Giorgio," and some said it was one of the worst films ever recorded. That's definitely too much. Although it was bad and far from a great piece of art, the film liked the film, and the biggest deficit of the film was not Pavarotti's acting nor his scope. Believe it or not, the main burden of guilt rests solely on the shoulders of the writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It's rare to see a movie with such clichéed dialogue or stupid scenes as a food struggle, but they are not even the heart of the problem. The problem is that writers intend the audience to take care of the "romantic", which consists of an angry married middle-aged man and seemingly desperate ladies. Perhaps the European audience might be more than sorry for that, but in the United States in 1982 or today such a romantic look seems to be mysterious and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold she loves her wife and "this is just fun." Wow, talk about a romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they only changed the script a little, and made Pavarotti a widow or perhaps a woman to be a woman from a couple of classic Hollywood films, such as ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT (where the woman was so rotten and unbearable that you could forgive Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who patiently wait at home, while her egoistic men's beds turn right and left - as Pavarotti admits that he had many jobs before meeting with Harrold. Pavarotti could not to save this film. At the end of the film, in New York there are some incredible scenes in which the incredible set is set, and Pavarotti's singer transcendent. For this reason, I think the movie at least deserves 3. I really wanted to love the movie more, but it was really bad film - though not exactly as hard as you could hear. Unfortunately, from what I read, this movie could be a case of art that imitates life, since Pavarotti's own life later had some parallels with this film, although this is not a forum for discussing it in detail.
