I did not hear about this movie until I read an article about it on the website of the Unknown Movies, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am a fan of Richard Villiams' work - I appreciate Ziggy's gift as one of the best Christmas specialties of all time, and even though Vho Framed Roger Rabbit has ceased to be one of my favorite films when I was at the age of sixteen, and still I have the most respect for the amount of work, care and attention devoted to the details that have appeared in the creation of visuals - but it seems that man has his own flaws, especially the inclination to pass the budget and more time, and this film is a testimony of how wrong it is a super-talented individual, such as Villiams, in the right circumstances. Raggedi Ann and Andi is a weird confection that tries to be weird and experimental and out of the wall within a children's cartoon film. He tries to be a musical. Trying to be a thousand and one more thing - is it a freak? Is that a ghost? Is it the innocence of childhood imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It's beautifully animated, mostly, although the mild backgrounds could use a little more attention, but even that does not count much when you are faced with a hallucinogenic absurd that is a lot of 'action' here. Br /> There are a lot of movie problems, but let's start with Raggedi Ann and Andy. They are stars of the show, but they do not have personalities. Actually, we get the message that Andi is a brave guy ("I'm not a toy for girls", he sings) and Ann has a unique look at things, because her owner, a girl named Marcella, is worse, but that's all we can do we learn about these characteristics of boring mud, because the incredible wonder of this film began soon. I use the word "weird" because some strange movies can be very fun, but this is weird. Toys and puppets in the playroom should be sweet and cute, but they are actually bizarre and disturbing. The two marionettes that work and say that everything is in sync is an example for that. But even they are relatively normal in comparison with a pirate captain who constantly kicks, whose mustaches become upright and whose bumps visibly swell when he first sees the glamorous French doll. Yes, this should be a children's movie! Then there is music, none of which is remembered, and all are singing actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injuries, this movie has a lot of singing. When Ann and Andy finally left the playground, the first thing they will do is to sing LONG numbers in the forest about how scared they are, about how they will always have each other and ... yes, we get a message. It seems that this continues forever, but at least it returns to the film some illusion of normality. Not for long, however, because Camel wrinkled our knees in a bizarre world where everything seems to have been made from worn and faded denim, and - it's bad enough that apparently a paranoid schizophrenic - and he begins to hallucinate. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. Gentle, alive, breathing. It's hard to believe what you see - this is closest to the psychedelic experience without drugs like I've ever seen on the movie. Then, after the time spent with Grey, comes the psychotic cheese Leonard Loonei and his lord King KooKoo, whose throne looks like an urinal. I can not believe that I write here a description of a real movie capsule - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself not to write blogs about the overwhelming nightmare I had. Part of the sequence in Loonei Land looks like one of the old cartoons from Vincent McCai / Little Nemo, for no good reason, unless someone wanted it, probably. Everything would be fine if there is some kind of rhyme or reasons for it, but there is no. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism works only when there is a strong idea behind it, or is taking place against an apparition of reality. But NISH in these scenes does not point to any kind of reality. Take away this element, and you will remain pure self-relaxation. As the final scene reveals, even the animation begins to look less impressive (a pirate ship, funny detail, troubles about water in a way that suggests that some of the Celts have disappeared during production) and does not come to an end who simply suggests that money is gone. Even with a short length of 86 minutes, the film feels like a constant temptation, and it is understandable why it had fallen in its original edition. Animators will probably scratch and wonder how Villiams managed to spectacularly flip this game, but he did, and he can not do anything about it.
