SHALLOW GRAVE starts with a tributary or cropping a scene in PSICHO. (I tend to shake off.) After that it gets worse and then surprisingly better, almost to the extent that it is original. Poor acting and amateur directing a series of pretty interesting little stories, but the film already outnumbers many in the "Iankee who descends to the south to kill him by a bunch of redheads" because he is actually shot in the south. <The College Girls Group goes to Ft. Lauderdale for a summer break and travel to Georgia with an empty tire after they got off the main road. (Note to Iankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to pee and she goes into the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do the work, the witness is that the local sheriff (Toni March) strangles her mistress (Merri Rozelle) to death. (Note to the Yankees: do not stumble into the forest when you are in the south, not because you could be witnesses of the murder, but you can overtake the plantation of marijuana.) This is the point where the story, not the film, is actually approaching While Toni March will never have to practice his speech on the Oscars, his Sheriff Dean becomes a creepy facsimile of a normal man torn from what he did and what he has to do. Tom Lav is fond of Scott's deputy and is an authentic Southern deputy as I've seen from Valton Goggins (deputy Steve Naish) at HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. Several scenes in the movie worth mentioning. The girls stop at the barbecue in South Carolina and show their racism when checked by a big black man. Sue Ellen runs in the barn to hide behind the hay of a hay and in a shockingly realistic moment a big snake hides in the shade with her. And in the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean seems to be ready to rape Patti (Carol Cadbi) and tell her to take off her clothes. Dean turned on the radio to suppress the noise of what it would do. A preacher on the radio should return and read his Bible. His preaching speaks of how Jezebel was saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry for this flock of preachers. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born and by no means she is one of the five persons you will meet in Heaven.
