From watching only a trailer to Theodor Reek, you would think this is a bad police comedy with Vhoopi Goldberg and a guy in a dinosaur costume. This is true, but this is mostly a futuristic story, which resembles Batman forever with its stylistic direction and strange character design. It was unsettled, and it should have been placed as a futuristic story, instead of being just a chromatic comedy. Whether this movie is awkward or not, it's still a horrible movie. In the future, dinosaurs are returned to life through incredible technology, and talk and walk like people. Teddy is a detective of a dinosaur that has never been taken seriously, but after the dinosaur was killed he gave the case a chance to work, but he must be partnering with the toughest cop of all, Katie Coltrane (Vhoopi Goldberg). On this mismatched couple is to solve the murder, and the audience is to stay awake long enough to go through this piece. Teddy launches the picture as a normal acting figure, but in the end it is unbearable to listen. For some reason, as a detective, he is also a bad comedian and a bad imitator. He imitates famous people and accents, and he has some really terrible lines. Vhoopi blames him for farting, and he says: "It's not my butt!" Wow! What a childish, immature line, even for the children's movie of this caliber. Vhoopi is also boring and rude to everyone. I was hoping Teddy would bite her head all the length of the film. This film never knew what it wanted to be. When futuristic scenes and actions occur, there is no comedy or humor. In any scene without action, characters try to be as funny as they can, which only leads to continuous boredom. Action scenes do not work because they are too weird and insufficiently violent, and as previously said, comedy is just a bunch of massacred jokes. Nothing ever works here. Having a dinosaur / human detective duo looks like a pretty original movie, if nothing else. Nope! This film is a huge scam of Vho Framed Roger Rabbit. Replace dinosaurs with cartoons and set it up in the future, and this is exactly the same plot. The man was killed, the dinosaur was killed. Dinosaur and detective solve murder, toon and detective solve murder. The bad guys in Roger Rabbit are Christopher Lloyd and the weasels. The bad guys are the guy who sounds like Christopher Lloyd and the guys who act like scythes. Club scene at Roger Rabbit where Jessica Rabbit goes down the scene is imitated by dinosaurs. This is a huge turn in a much better movie! All in all, this is a bad movie, which does not even deserve to be straight up to VHS. My Rating: 1/2 of ****. 90 min. PG for mild violence, language and gross humor.
