Nevertheless, one of the most unusual goddesses of my country is pervaded by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of Mother of God in her dark forms. Mother takes over the terrifying form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons, and to terrify our ego. And although the sacrifice of blood is given to Cali and Durgi, the events shown in this film are absurd. The mother assumes an angry form to adhere to our inner demons, limitations and ego when no other form is sufficient. And in its frenzied form, it burns all your Karma in the "Smashan" fire that you cultivate in your heart to dancing if you love it, and it will bring you into reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side like light that serves purpose. Mother is also the embodiment of the physical Universe, it is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life, both of the world and of the spiritual in the universe. It is very unfortunate for me that people who do not know anything about India or her deity can take only one of our beloved Goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute to make some cheap and talented horor movie. How dare they take our beloved mother and portray her as a horror that drives people to cut off their eyelids !? It is just terrible for those who are related to their ego and who live in delusions, greed, anger and other inner demons. It's very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-deceiving ego, and serious internal demons to see Kali as so horrible and terrible. When the ego falls, it becomes a form that is enchanting, beautiful and young, a beauty that is so enchanting to see that it enchants the whole universe with it. Kali Maa is an ancient mother, whom we do not have to entertain because of the fun, hopefully in her endless compassion and mercy she does not take the form of anger for those involved in this film. The courage that Westerners have in the use of religions such as mine, or the religions of the Caribbean islands such as Santeria and Voda, which are actually very positive, and other such religions to execute and exaggerate the wrongly understood elements that the Western mind can not understand, totally funny. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe, and believe in these kinds of shifts. Kali Maa in reality is a caring and compassionate mother we cried for her. beautiful feet in devotion and love. And I am happy that my mother sometimes has an angry form to protect her devotees from themselves and from external forces. Much praise from REAL Kali Maa, who has shown a great deal of the way of God and realization.
