I watched it right after I saw HILSIDE CANNIBALS so it was all an improvement. In addition, this prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS and its continuation. Unfortunately, as I watched it more, I realized more how original Danny Boile made and how much this film influenced 28 VEEKS LATER. It can not be noticed how many 28 franchises dated this type of Italian horror movie. I was completely convinced that ZOMBI 3 had to be made in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in that case I would call my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Gedit?) - but it was not until I came to this site to find out that it was published in 1988. All productive values ​​scream that this is a very small budget from the very beginning of that decade. Perhaps I enjoyed this movie as a fifteen year old schoolboy in 1982, as I would have had my peers, but not now. Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies interfere with the rhythm of the snail, while others can run very quickly and have self-awareness, which leads to a funny ending scene in which DJ participates. Also, some can be killed by a blow to the face, while others stay alive, even if their heads are cut off, wait until you see the scene of the refrigerator, you may just die laughing. Even serious characters suffer from this kind of fictitious messy scripts where the character suddenly finds out that a helicopter pilot is asking me to ask why the army hired him to ride career jeeps. Obviously, I reminded you of an earlier film THE CRAZIES, who also reminded me of later 28 films. A crowd of terrorists enters a scientific base that leads to all kinds of disasters, and the army is the bad guys who are trying to kill and infected and survived, and long before you've finished, you realized that everyone is dying. The problem with this is that you will immediately recall how the British franchise did it much better at a higher budget. Not only that, but 28 franchises will appeal to the audience with little interest in the average horror film. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to anyone other than the audience in question
