Title: Zombie 3 (1988) Directors: Mostly Lucio Fulci, but also Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei Cast: Ottaviano DellAckua, Massimo Vani, Beatrice Ring, Deran Serafin <br /> < Br /> Review: To see this movie and get a good source, I need to start from the beginning. And the beginning of this is really George Romeros Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn came out in the 79th, Lucio Fulci decided to make an indirect sequel and called him Zombie 2. This film is the one we know as ordinary Zombie. You know the one in which the zombie fights shark! All right, after that a movie (called Zombie 2 in Italy) came out and made a huge piece of cash, the Italians decided. Let's make another zombie shift! These things are garbage in the dough! Zombie 3 was born. Confused? The story of this is in fact only the repetition of the stories that we have seen in many American zombi shifts that we have seen before this, the best comparison that comes to mind is the Return of the Living Dead. Let's see ... the government makes experiments with a certain toxic gas that will turn people into zombies. The canister is released into the general population and the shaban! We get piles of zombies who want human flesh. A crowd of people begins to run away from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. They have to fight zombies to survive. There was a lot of trouble while filming this movie. First and foremost, Lucio Fulci, a beloved kum from Italy, was sick. So he could not finish this film the way he wanted it. The film was then transferred to two smaller directors, Hell of the Dead, and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They did their best to spice a movie that was not so good before. You see that Fulci did not have his heart and soul in this movie. He was disappointed with that. He gave the film to producers and said, "Do whatever you want with it!" And God loves them, yes. And therefore, ladies and gentlemen, we have such a shitty zombie with a big Fulcium as its "director." The main problem is, in my opinion, that such a pointless bore is exactly! There is no substance! After the first few minutes in which some terrorists stole toxic gas and accidentally released it, the rest of the film is just a bunch of empty soulless characters without any personality that comes from zombies. Now in some cases this can be fun if # 1 zombie make up and zombie action is actually good and fun and # 2 has a lot of worse and bowels involved. We do not get here! There are some inspirational moments here, such as when some eagles are infected with gas and begin to attack people. It was cool. There is also a scene that includes a flying zombie head (which defies every logic and explanation) and a scene with zombies that emerge from the pool of an abandoned hotel and chew the legs of poor girls. But in addition ... the rest of the film just falls on your ass. Endless in endless scenes that do not use a socket to move a non-existent plot. That was my main problem with this movie. The sets look incomplete and the art direction practically does not exist. I hate everything looks so damn unfinished! I love my b-movies, but this one really did go even underneath! It's closer to the Z-level movement, if you ask me. Zombi Makeup? Pure crap. The zombies are all Asian actors (the film is filmed in the Philippines) so you get a bunch of zombies that look Asian. But this is not a big problem, because they were already set up on the Philippine islands. It's a look of zombies that really shit! Everyone died with the same clothes for some reason. And what goes for zombie make up here is a bunch of black makeup (more like stains) on their faces. One or two zombies had a slightly more complicated makeup, but it was still not good enough to impress. His bunch of nonsense is senselessly sprinkled on the faces of actors. So, not only did this film move smoothly, but zombies look like shit. This should be dead! Anyone, for those who expect the usual cold in Fulci, do not expect to come here because it's mostly someone's movie. And these two (Mattei and Fragasso) did not really put in her heart and soul. In fact, when you see accessories on a DVD, you will see that when Fragaso is asked about his memories and feelings about this movie, he does not take it seriously. You can say that he is ashamed of it and that on many occasions he said that they "just had a job and that they did it". And that my friends, the last nailed on this movie. There is no love and no heart in this movie. That's why you get a semi-assed, crappi zombie flick. Just for complete or people who want to have or see every zombie whip ever made. Everyone else does not bother! Rating: 1 out of 5
