In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombie. However, due to the early introduction of George Romer's Dawn of the Dead, which went under that name for his Italian edition, Zombie 2 was re-added (which also had a bonus that the audience thought this sequel was the second Romero movie). Continuing this theme, the second Zombie movie, named Zombie 2, was later named Zombie 3. In the UK, the original Zombie movie (that is, Zombie 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, another Zombie movie (Zombie 3) was then called "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its release in the UK. (Do you follow all this?) So if the zombie carnivores were Fulci's dawn, then is it his day of the dead? Although this is just a frivolous observation, this story of military compounds, helicopters and an irrepressible story certainly carries a vague thematic similarity. Some of the Fulcine European directions are forcing this kind of film, but the role of the duplication and exposure script is absolutely horrible. His ecological message is so forced and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is (unintentionally) hilarious homosexual homosexual. Combining this last element with the MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about Time of the Apes (k.v.) all the time I watched this. This is obviously not a good thing. Although here is nothing against rivals in toples, wolverine zombies and eyeballs on a piece, Fulti's misogyny tendencies get the job from the hotel's cleaner's skin ground into the mirror until it sheds blood. His nasty prejudices also see the hand interrupt. Both themes combine when a woman's face decomposes, first zombies, and then a zombie fetus that comes out of the stomach of a pregnant woman. As for production, this is obviously a step from Zombie, which comes five years later. (Nine years in world terms). But without the original low charm, it is struggling, while the music of Stefan Maintzie is unsuitable and uninspired. The result of Fabio Friesia was one of the best things about the film '79. Here zombie attacks play what sounds disturbingly like Bonnie Tyler's "being held up for the hero". In the midst of this massacre, we get disturbing interest, both Roger and Kenny, two young sword-type guys who do everything with acrobatic urgency and are constantly exposed obviously. ("We are without ammunition" to stun guns is a special standout). But where it fell, it was in the zombies itself. A low key or not, Fulci's original had really magnificent zombies. The face of the skull, the worms in the eyelids ... were really something to watch. On the contrary, this boring accompanying option defines traditional "men with little color on the face". The highlight of the discovery of too many Romer movies to be ridiculous, while the use of DJ is an optional and cheap narrative device. It does not contain the same elements of bitterness and free nudity from the first, this is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. It turns out that Fulci actually left the project after allegedly directing only fifteen minutes, the rest was recorded by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that even Fulci would retreat to the absurd "flying zombie head" scene, and so he thanked the director for having a good sense of departure. Unfortunately, his name is above the title of the movie about releases, so most people will have the impression that it is Fulci's movie through and through. In this regard, this is a big delay for him, because this film does what you imagine Fulci would consider the worst crime: boring.
