This film was recently released on DVD in the US and finally I got the chance to see this gem that is hard to find. He even came with original theater shows of other Italian horror classics such as "SPASMO" and "BEIOND THE DARKNESS". Unfortunately, performances were the best thing about this movie. "ZOMBI 3" is in a bizarre way actually associated with the disgraceful Lucio Fulci "ZOMBIE" franchise that started in 1979. Similarly, in relation to "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBI 3" consists of a worn-out action and a handful of extremely bad actors who hold this "horror" rubbish barely on the surface. The blood is almost nonexistent (unless there are people who run around with green moss on their faces), and English dubbing is just below the disgrace. The operation of this time involves some type of covert military operation with a bunch of incompetent scientists (i.e., idiotic male duck, and his stupid female sidewalk) that develop a kind of chemical called "First Death" and who needs to re-animate the dead. Unless my ears need to be checked, I do not even remember the REASON for exploring "One Death "It seems there is only to ruin the poor souls who made a mistake in the selection of the 'star' in this film-laugh-fest. In any case," One death "was experimented on the body (when I swear I looked like Iul Brinner), and after being injected into his system, he sits upright and explodes his heads ! The sound effects are also quite hilarious - while the face of the corpse blends with green mucus, the sound of 'crumpling of the paper' can be heard. Toxin "one death" is transmitted outside and "enthusiastic" by a group of thieves, where one of them deals with it, but is infected after cutting on the exposed bottle. Needless to say, the guy is turning into zombies, but not before he fled to a cheap motel in time, he gets hurt by a humble portraiser and kills a maid by pushing his face into the mirror in the bathroom (!). The army faces this and immediately takes action before it eliminates anyone who is unhappy to be in the 'contamination zone' and turns the motel upside down. They find the infected thief and burn his body, only to smoke the flock of birds flocking above the chimney (!). We cut ourselves to the introduction of a group of men on vacation from the army, listening to 'groove music' coming from a little boom-box while accompanying burdensome slut girls clinging through the windows and showing their breasts. Can somebody say "zombie food"? We also have a sub-plot that includes a girl and her boyfriend who ride a car that stops to inspect a group of birds lying on the road ... the same birds that were infected with zombie smoke! The birds attack the boy, and the girl goes to the abandoned gas station to search for water. This is one of the most incredible moments of the film. The walk around this old dirty, rusty and obviously abandoned building in which he continues to ask aloud, "HELLO, DO YOU NEVER? PLEASE, NEED A WATER!" She meets a group of zombies, one of which is tied to the wall (!), And another swings with a machete. After a little rumble and rollover on the ground, she ran away, but not before she lit a petrol pump with a lighter. Meanwhile, birds attack cargo-whores and one girl takes the key. and infected. Everyone is pulling into the same motel where the original infection occurred, and there is a second happiest moment in the film. After a few hours (most a day), the same motel is now in the dust, there is a vine growing in it and seems to have been abandoned for years. Anyway, which would be a better place to get away from this building? Needless to say, the group begins to break down when several people go together to get stuck in an incredibly stupid situation involving the zombie attack. The third happiest moment relates to a man and a woman explore the abandoned village, about which the woman says: "THIS IS A DUMP MEMORY!" Then she continues to "push" the zombie balcony into a pirah (?) Infested water where her legs bite and turns into zombies in a few seconds! In the meantime, her friend who returned to the motel who knocked and infected TIME is still turning into zombies! Unfortunately, there are too many inconsistencies in this film that makes this movie too stupid for words. For example, the rate of time in relation to infected persons varies considerably. Sometimes it takes a few seconds, and sometimes hours. Some zombies run, others pull legs and walk very slowly. Some even do kung-fu movements, while others hide below piles of hay to surprise people. Some of the zombies even talk! The most entertaining moment is, of course, the infamous 'zombie head in the fridge' that is 'rising' in the air and 'attacking' the stupid man searching for food. Pretty funny, his girlfriend gets out of her head with her "headless" part (LMAO!). The biggest disappointment for me was, however, the lack of stories that included people who killed zombies. We never see them returning like zombies, in fact the only ones we see as "zombies" are those that are biting the birds and one girl who bites her legs. Besides, at least I expected a couple who was killed in the kitchen and / or guy who was killed on the bridge to return as zombies. It's also amazing that these zombies take only a few snacks and switch to the next victim. The funniest moment was of course a zombie fetus. A pregnant woman who is infected is lying on a bed in a hospital. A woman who seems to have a lot of 'medical knowledge' tries to deliver a baby (!) And a zombie pulls her face, before her head is pushed into the stomach of a woman where her arm bursts and continues to pull off the rest of her face. Timeless! As usual, all the characters are the perfect stereotypes of this genre. Megalomaniac military officer, pathetic, useless women screaming to be killed, obvious characters about whom they will be killed (ie Watching the man who hates the hen!) I suppose this film is really a comedy. There were a lot of funny scenes, such as a shed that was airborne with a hand grenade (obviously the scene where the entire budget was spent) and the climatic scene in which a man screams, "I'm thirsty ... YELLOW FOR YOUR BLOOD!". The costumes are really bad - the same zombies appear throughout the movie, wearing the same "Asian" clothes that can be found in the Bruce Lee movie, and watch the blue 60th girl dress in the motel wearing when she and her boyfriend encounter an infected man. The end of the film leaves the door as usual for an apocalyptic story. Radio DJ that narrates throughout the film turns out to be a zombie and warns its listeners at the 'beginning of the end', while the two survivors are leaving the helicopter. Hard "DAVN OF THE DEAD" material if you ask me. Nonetheless, this film brings a lot of laughter. Up is minimal, and what's up, it's very unconvincing, let alone umagaginative. A common blend of black blood, a thick green goose that comes out of the early wounds and a 'zombie makeup' consisting of green moss. "ZOMBI 3" is good for sleeping or a night of beer and popcorn. In addition, horror fans should stay away. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10
