Zombie Reviev # 3 ** Spoilers ** Several movies are actually "so bad they are good," and Zombie 3 is not only bad, it's terrible, unforgivable. Bad in so many ways that the whole new language is needed only to describe them all. More than that, the film is attributed to Lucio Fulci who does not have absolutely any coherence, meaning or reason even by his standards. However, we can not blame Fulci because he was not directed by Bruno Mattei, who does not even have Fulci's sense of style that would help him carry the film. Matija seems to have contributed a little bit to the film, but it's amazing incapacity. So, I am ashamed to say how much I enjoyed in every zero Zombie minute 3. There are no features to buy - in a well-known genre for slim characters, a bad story and lack of film making skills, Zombie 3 pushes the boat out, but it makes even more funny than Nightmare Citi. "Action" starts when "Death 1" gas is stolen from a military base and damaged in escape. Who is the thief, why he stole it and why the American army thought that the creation of cannibalistic legions of the living dead would be a good idea? All these questions will no longer be answered in Zombie 3 .... After hiding in a hotel, the infected thief is crazy with all the green plastic that grows on his face before it is found by the army that is a bit stupidly decided that the best way to get rid of his body was to burn him, sending "Death 1" to the atmosphere that resulted ... zombie birds! Who then attacks people and turns them into zombie people !!! (If the zombies are cannibalized, why do zombie birds not attack only other birds?) Then we meet with our "heroes", trio of glowing GIs and a girl's trainer. There are a few other guys with them, but they are not important - NITKO does not matter here. It will be hard for you to remember someone's face, let alone their name, or to find a reason to worry about them. In the end, they are hiding in the same hotel as the thief ("a week ago, this is a whim of life, now it's buzzing with frogs!") But there is no escape from the undead. By right here, you will either be completely sucked in or you'll turn off the damn thing. The scenario is so terrible that even the biggest actors in the world can not preserve it, so it's also good to have some of the worst - and not just human characters, the zombie that works here is the lowest. There is no consistency in how zombies behave - some are catching in the style of time, others are fully engaged in fist fights or charged with mats, not to mention zombies that are still able to talk (a movie that gives the movie HORRIFIING TVIST ENDING) . They die from shooting to chest (and not from head) and even get a good hook. How can you get out of zombies ??? !!!!! In fact, the emphasis on a bad-made action of the 80's often seems to resemble an episode of V ... Zombies also spend a lot of time hiding, seemingly waiting for hours in funny places, with the chance that some poor Juice it will pass and scare your life. They are hiding in the bushes, in the garages, in huts, on rooftops, in the water, and even under the pregnant women. At one point the zombie follows the woman up the stairs. To kill her and eat? Not! To push it in the water, those zombies and their crazy sense of humor! Although it has much worse. Widows are hacked, wounds come out of green manure, and there are many ways to eat meat and people become tired. All this and I did not even mention horrible music, the inexplicable head of flying zombies, a scientist whose action actually manages to distinguish itself as a really bad or ultimate deadly line ... in a genius shift on the original radio station that is overwhelmed by zombies, Zombie 3 gives us real zombie DJ !! "He went to their side!" our cry of the escape of the hero, before he swore that he would continue to fight against the undead in the sequel that unfortunately never came. Zombie 3 is garbage - there would not be a loss for the world if every single printout was destroyed and all the records of its existence were deleted, but somehow I feel that my life is richer than I saw it. Have I said Richer? I thought 88 minutes shorter ...
