Zombie 3 begins when a group of heavily armed people steals an experimental chemical developed to rejuvenate the dead while trying to escape from the man and the target of the container in which the chemical is pierced. A man gets part of a green chemical on a wound on his hand, which quickly turns him into a flesh eating cannibal zombie. Within a few hours the surrounding area crawls with the meat east of the innocent in search of new victims, Kenni (Deran Sarafian) and his friends in the army are in great trouble until they stop helping Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Liji (Deborah) Bergammi), who was the key to zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation and has to stop the plague of zombies from all over the world! But will he and his men succeed? This film produced in Italy should have been directed by Italian author Zombie Lucio Fulci, but the story says he suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the film so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of another unit Bruno Mattei and writer Claudia Fragasso to join and finish the film. Obviously, Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finished. Actually, they ignored many of the recordings that Fulci shot and added a lot of their own and Zombie 3 ended up as almost 50/50 split. The Fragasoa Scenario is an absolute mess, none of which is well-designed and equally stupid as it gets. Zombie-bird scenes that attack people are not only technically incompetent, but the whole idea is absurd. Zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, and zombies are slow as they move, but then look at the scene earlier where it was attacked by zombies with a mache because that one runs around as if it were on steroids, then without a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the film finishes, zombies suddenly develop the ability of speech that also looks stupid. There are so many things in Zombie 3, a scene after the scene of a terribly thought-out and inefficient action, a terrible character, and a really dull English dialogue that does not make sense halfway. Then there is an unpleasant scene where the zombie head in the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, a scene when a guy in white contaminated clothing will ultimately kill Kenny and Roger, but instead of using his automatic rifles, they decide to try them kill by hand, even when Kenni takes a gun and continues to refuse to use his rifles, and when Kenni begins to shoot them, they continue to refuse to use their rifles and this is one of the worst-hit shoots of the scene ever shot and then the end where Kenny flew into helico but he can not rest on the earth literally for a few seconds to choose his friend and then the zombies suddenly appeared beneath some of the bunch of grass, what? Since when did zombies hide themselves under the bunch of grass? All this can sound 'fun', but believe me it's not, it's a really bad movie that's just boring, repetitive and just does not work at any level as a piece of fun except a few unintentional laughs. It's hard to know who is responsible for what exactly, but no record is particularly well recorded. There is a sense of mindless feeling about it and for some reason manufacturers have tried to swim every scene in the fog, the problem is that they only had one fog machine and you can see that at one corner of the fog screen noticeably thicker than the exits of the machine, It scatters the scene. Since there is plenty of time during the day, no atmosphere is added, and when this happens and when the fog spreads evenly over the screen, it looks like they shot the scene in a foggy day! The direction is weak, without consistency and only looks and feels the bottom of the barrel. Even blood and blood are not many, there is an ugly hand that breaks at the beginning, a scene when something is pulled from the stomach of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (what actually took her legs into the pool by the way. Why did not she take her legs from the guy who jumped is it save?) And a few zombies that look OK are as bloody as they get. For anyone who hopes to see a cube that will be found in the late 70s and early 80s, Fulci will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no heads, and very little All in all . Technically, the film is bad, the special effects are cheap, the cinema is boring, the music is terrible, the locations are mild and have production values ​​at the bottom. This is actually filmed in the Philippines to minimize costs. The whole movie is obviously synchronized, and the game still looks terrible, and it seems that the English version was written by someone who does not understand that language. Zombie 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's classic Zombie Up Fest Zombie 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it, except the cash in the title. I'm sorry, but Zombie 3 is an amateurish mess of the movie, it's boring, it does not make sense, it's not funny enough to be fun and miss any kind of decent cheer. One to be avoided.
