When I finally got the opportunity to watch Zombie 3 (Zombie Flesheaters 2 in Europe) on the import region of 2 Japanese DVDs, I was thrilled to see how fun this zombie ep. The transfer is flawless, as good as it will ever look if Anchor Bai does not get caught. Gore stands out as you should and you can really appreciate the excellent make-up and burning fk. The sound is also excellent. It's just 2 channels of debt, but if you have a Dolby Prologic 2 receiver, you can really appreciate cheese music (actually a very good result), and effective, though cheap sound effects. It never sounded so good, and the excellent transfer adds to the overall enjoyment. I never figured out how much blood flows in this movie, it's extremely brutal with head blasts, exploding a sword filled with mega pimples, a zombie throat trigger, a woman burnt with extremities (how not to burn her boyfriend ), intestinal chewing, zombie babies and much more. This is no doubt for the hardcore fans of the Zombie Action, especially the Italian species. There are several great pieces and cinemas that can be found, I think people do not give enough credit, if you see a clean copy, and not some horrible pirated copy, it's a completely different experience completely. This film never gives up for a moment, and I realize that this is inconsistent, that the recording is terrible, the acting is stiff, and its sense of disrespect is celebrated in great fashion, but it is part of its charm. This is one of the best horror films ever made, you can not do this is bad, so good, deliberately. It's a random genius of the highest order. If they played it for a laugh, it would be a disaster, but they played it just like an arrow, and the result is an incredible cult classic that follows the nose according to all traditional recording standards. Tone of action sequences, exotic locations, excellent design, good, sometimes on cinema, beautifully stupid acting, and inconsistent but still interesting intertwining, great effects of makeup, beautiful women who can kick, great music , and sometimes funny, sometimes freaky, but always entertaining zombies. It has everything, a cult classic that supports the test of time.
