Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did. Still, I wanted to enjoy the fact that I was another zombie movie that was worth my prey, and it was not. It was a different kind of enjoyment. It was an unhealthy, perverse joy I took to watch one of the happiest movies I've ever seen. And I do not care much about what Fulcini's excuses were, there was no excuse for this film as it went. This was a bad movie until now, but I still can not give it to less than 4 out of ten, which is what I gave him, because well ... at least I could laugh at this unsuitable film. I had to imagine that those zombies, who were all over the ceilings of these buildings ... had to imagine they were either as boring as hell, crawling down the bundle, settling high on stone erections, or seeing fleshly lively the colorful stripes of the necks that came around, so they took on themselves to set up numerous air ambushings. Damn, what else has to do when you're dead? I had to laugh at some zombies who did what seemed like a swing of martial arts, bumps and jumps, and some of them broke like traditional meat dishes. I entertained my eyes on a floating head that was never explained. I looked in terrible pleasure, such as the land in which they were, Phillipenes, absolutely affected by fog, heavy fog conditions, and that the fishponds were like boiling gardens. I had to even squeeze when I saw that the medication design for this plague was sketched on the board as an octagon with lines stretching from every angle, and "Dead One" was written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... is the science of treating zombies so simple, then I wonder if I could come up with something to start the zombie epidemic here! All in all they were exaggerated, synchronization was terrible, I'm sure the original acted as poor, that the story is absurd, that zombies are inconsistent, even in a bad way how they all could be similar, and women are ugly, but I found myself enjoying this thing. It was a fun hour. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this thing unless somebody enters a bad directing exploitation movie, but again, I say ... it was worth laughing. I'm sorry about zombie movies, no matter what, but when it was linked to Fulci's name, it should have been much better. To dare to say, the Zombie Holocaust was better.
