Although the likelihood of someone focusing on this comment among the other 80+ for this film is low, I feel I have something to say about this. I am not a type of movie viewers who pay attention to the value of production, a dialogue that encourages reflection, or a brilliant acting and directing. However, I claim this film is bullshit. I do not know why I do not like ... I think there's almost everything I want from a horror movie: blood, unbridled, unintentional humor, etc. However, Zombie 3 is a baaad movie. There are too many things that force you to shout on the screen. Like when a girl leaves the army when their car breaks down to find water (this does not spoil, do not worry). It enters what I see as an abandoned hotel or something like that. Did not she see that there was a lake in the middle of the building? Yes, it is looking for water and passing by the lake. Why? Because she wants to know why people (who are not there because that place is abandoned) will not answer when she says: "Is there anyone?" Oh, this is just a small, insignificant part of the big picture I paint. There is a reason why I gave this film more than one star. It's one of those movies where, if you forget how badly it really is, as I did several times, you'll want to look at it again, because it's so superior in every way. I called blood in the first paragraph, but this film does not have blood, there's an ocean up there. Also, there are also quite weird beings: zombie-baby (with an adult's hand) and a magical flying head called only two. Do you know when you try to think of the worst and weirdest movies ever made and think of films from the 1950s? I believe that Zombie 3 and movies like him should be at the top. It has all the elements: scientists who argue with the government, warnings about apocalypse on the radio, armies fighting with monsters, and so on. This is the Plan of the '80s! Although I will not say it's a waste of money if you want to buy it, just expect the worst. And when you find out that the expectation of the worst underestimation of Zombie 3 will not be so bad. Maybe you really like it, I'm not saying it's impossible. Do not think I hate this movie, I do not ... really. Oh, P.S. Killing Birds (aka Zombie 5)! (Have I just destroyed my credibility?)
