I am a passionate fan Lucio Fulci, and yet I must say that Zombi 3 (called "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") from 1988, which he recorded with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a bit disappointing. . Especially in relation to its great predecessor, Fulci's own Zombi 2 classic (Zombie Felsh Eaters / 1979), this is quite disappointing. Of course, a low score of 4.5 already suggests that this is not a good movie, but these low scores usually come from people who are not in Italian zombie shifts, and as an enthusiastic fan of Italian movies of horror and low-budget cinema for exploitation, I love many movies that are just rewarded with a much lower rating. Also, many of my colleagues of Italian horror fans seem to consider this film underestimated, with which, unfortunately, I can not agree. It was not that the film was a complete disaster. There are some redeeming features, above all Fulci's painful effects above, which are always a pleasure to watch for the Italian Horror / Gore buff. The basic idea of ​​the film is also not bad (though far from the original one) and I loved the ruthless display of the army. Unfortunately, that's all. While the great predecessor of Zombie 2 was utterly disgusting, but in spite of being truly creepy, this is not creepy or scary in a minute, and nausea and often grotesque blood is the only real reason to watch Zombie 3. The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the worse, and as an unintentional comedy. I suppose that this was mostly what came from Fulci, and the disappointing holiday that came from Mattei and Fragaso, of which he was first involved in a bunch of nasty cult movements (such as D'Amato's "Porno holocaust"), and the other is responsible for one of the worst films ever made, the divine terrible "Troll 2". All in all, this is definitely visible for the worse, but, of all the Fully films I've ever seen, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen most of the repertoire of this great film author. I am Fulci fan, and I will always be, but this is certainly not his magic moment. Maybe it's fun for the up, but I recommend watching any other Fully movie before this!
