Now I have watched this movie twice and I have to say that I enjoyed both times. It's fast and fun, but ultimately crazy. Saying that it deserves to be destroyed because of blurring of what could have been a good sequel to the original original. It's clear to those who have seen the terrible 'Zombie Creeping Flesh' that films of mass defects can be owed to Brunette Matte, and that what is praiseworthy about him can be owed to Fulci. This is not an empty Fulcity syncopation, the directing regimes are completely contrasting and you can say who directed what, especially in Mattei's case. The film focuses on the outbreak of the virus (unusually referred to as a "top secret" by a scientist, secrecy is obviously more important than its potentially apocalyptic effect on humanity) somewhere in Southeast Asia. The virus causes zombie behavior in affected people, and the virus spreads rapidly in the seemingly arbitrary surface of the earth. Our protagonists inadvertently wander into a dangerous zone, and they have to fight for their lives against the hordes of infected Asians. It seems that the film is stuck halfway between the zombie swing, both outside and outside of the action adventure, and this confusion is captured by the zombies themselves. They seem to have no set of characteristics that are common to everyone. Some of them are common soulless variants, so well presented in the original, and probably Fulci's creation. The other main group consists of those who have been infected with the virus losing every feeling for themselves, but have caused wild aggression and the desire to earn the black belt in the ninjitsu: An indefinite jumping for sure whether they will continue to boast their superior technique or engage with their brothers in what looks like a massive tingling of their unfortunate victims. Martial arts skills are not just their talents, they are well acquainted with guerrilla tactics, hiding on horns and under the bales of hay, and sometimes inexplicably falling from nowhere, but the heavens themselves. This is definitely Matte's work. There is a third, more talkative, more diverse zombie. This type obviously retains the sense of irony and "I'm really thirsty ... FOR YOUR BLOOD". A funny turn at the end where the DJ turns zombie, but continues to preach nonsense about the fate of humanity, it serves only to improve the VTF factor and destroys any hope in a serious resolution. Then there is a notorious zombie head slowly moving through the air, a humorous skeletal smile emerged across his face, as if to say "we know how this looks bad." The characters are completely one. as you would expect. But his pseudo-comic dialogue and dubbing does indeed prevent us from seriously grasping their situation. Saying that the first soldier who died, puts an impressively brave exhibit against an unstoppable zombie. Indeed, this is the first and perhaps the only time we hit a real zombie agro, and one of the only effective scenes in the movie. The guy who played the main scientist has a heart but no talent, uses breaks in his ranks completely by accident, so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. Scientists who tried to find the antidote on the screen are completely inconvenient. However, there are several moments that are truly effective. In the early stage, the protagonist explores the abandoned garage. When we enter the room, we face a blurred view of the changing figure in the corner and on the ground on the floor, everything is recorded in atmospheric scattered light. Silence is interrupted by the appearance of a quick mache that controls a zombie that throws everything in its awake state in its alarming despair that it has it. His pure aggression is one of the few moments of real horror in the film. The subject before and after is transmitted through a hotel that hosts events from the earliest stage of the outbreak, and later as a shelter to our protagonists spilled with thick, humid ambient. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers cautiously approaches a stolen room that clearly shows the hordes of the undead, and this is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they board the hotel without knowing what lies ahead. But this is unfairly processed and not nearly as effective as it could have been. , not just through the passage and through a bad movie. If nothing else, there are many unintended laughs that I expected of anything Italian and bloody from the 1980s.
