I can not remain indifferent to the films of Lars van Trier. I think "Breaking the wave" is nothing short of the masterpiece. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville', but the overall exercise seemed to me too dry and too much theatrical, smaller cinema. The 'Europa' I've just seen was a famous movie at that time, he succeeded in the relative success of the European film in the United States and won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but he did not survive a good time in my opinion. It's also a too explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art in my taste. The story has an ambiguity that can not avoid the viewer. The treatment period immediately following the Second World War was not in the black and white colors of the victors and losers, but in the executioners and victims, but as quite ambiguous times when the people of both sides fought for survival after the catastrophic event that changed the Life of Peoples and Individuals is still a source of controversy to date, he was more and more courageous two decades ago. However, this is a way of expressing that does not really fit into the task. It seems that the film includes many quotes that directly descend from Hitchcock films, especially its early films set in pre-Western Europe, with brave British spies fighting against the evil German spies on trains crossing the continent high speed in the dark. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. Here the train becomes a symbol of the first reptiles of the re-birth of Germany after the war, its power, obsession with order and regulation, accuracy and civility. The characters who inhabit the train are far from the classic spy story. The main figure is a young German-born American who comes to post-war Europe, willing to be part of the process of help and reconciliation, is in the ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators who look more like oppressive occupiers, and the defeated do not resign to their fate, but they are willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love, which was suspiciously mixed with the betrayal. It is nevertheless a classic film treatment issued by the director in this case. The action of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, looks confused and lacks credibility. It seems that the total cinema is not like Hitchcock, but on the poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30's. The use of color over the black and white film used in most times at moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not manage his artistic means, but is too demonstrative, he seems to be too busy to show what a great film director is. He is really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but he will leave the viewers to decide for themselves.
