... but I was expecting better than Caroline Munro. She did some good films, and I was hoping she would be fine. In fact, she and this other blonde girl (the girl who suffered the power) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. this movie has the worst thing I've ever seen. almost as bad as Psycho (1998). The really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower, and Marti set her up to pour the battery acid. she starts screaming, and her screaming is probably the most unpleasant sound in the whole world. she tries to get out, but "accidentally" drops back. I admit, violence and storytelling are good, along with Harry Manfredini's music, but the acting could have been much better. there were two more characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange similarity to day akiroid. also, when they find themselves in the female dirty body of that woman in the bath, you will think that they scream and burn. Caroline Munro and blonde are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that I saw a skeleton of one of my best friends, I would vomit. also, when Joe began to say things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." It sounds like he's nervous or scared, but he barely shows any facial expressions. then the blonde begins to cry and says: "I'm scared of frank". and grab Joe. I think the actress did not really know what type. The end of the movie is the funniest thing I've ever seen. confusing than the climax of "jaw: revenge". all eight friends end up dead, Marti kill them all, but then, you see something that looks like they are being haunted by the corpses of corpses, and then only cuts Marty in the hospital from an accident, and then when the film ends, Marty dresses like a nurse tries to calm down, but then we see that Marty went into her clothes or something similar to killing a doctor, and the film ends with Marti skin peeling off the face. which leads me to the next question. WHAT WRITTEN WAS IT HAPPENED WITH THEM?!?!?!?! did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? The place confused me so much. are the characters still alive? Does Marty still have an evil? do the events we see only happen or do not happen at all? I do not know. All in all, this movie was pretty stupid. the acting was shitty, the music was fine, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s. Just look at Harry Manfredini and Caroline Munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marti) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film from deliberate drug abuse. I suppose he was the only one who knew that this film really was. PILE SH **
