The film opens with a return to Doddsville Counties High School in mid-April. A group of students plays a joke on the class nerd Marti. When they are punished for playing this joke, they follow a bigger joke that (a pair for a course in slasher films involves jokes on a class of nerds) goes ridiculously upside down leaving Marti at the same time burnt out of the fire and acid-acided for thoroughness. Quickly for five years now, where members of the student body gather in the now abandoned high school for a five-year celebration. We found out that it was no coincidence that everyone at the rally was joked clicks from the flashback scene, as all attendants were going to kill and mysterious killers of murdered masks in increasingly complicated and clever ludicrous fashions. It is not necessary Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it is revealed that it is only Marty, who apparently used his anger and high intellect to overcome physical and engineering laws to equip schools for their revenge scenario. The film turns for bizarre, because Marty ends with his vengeance to his former torturers, but their spirits are being persecuted. Marty is finally completely overburdened over the edge and takes away his life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of unrelated strangeness, because the whole scenario of revenge is revealed as a dream in the first place, because Marti wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks out of his limitations, defeats a nurse, and finally breaks his face. The script is tired and suffers from the case of the horor movie logic. The only originality stems from the intricate, intricate ways in which victims are sent. The absurd ending that has ended dreaming is felt. Almost as if someone pointed to the unrelated nature of the film and the writer then decided that it was a dream. Technically speaking, the film is horrible. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to stop the film and play with color on television. The acting is subversive, even for slasher movies. I can not help but think that casting was part of the problem, because all actors look at least five years older than the characters they show, which makes the flashback scene even more unintentionally ridiculous. Their lack of dedication to the film is obvious because half of them can not try to keep their accents straight through the film. All this is said, if you like bad horor movies, like this one. It's not the worst movie of this genre, but it's far from the best.
