What about Domino do I hate everything, and I think everything else? Perhaps this was the general glorification of the head hunter; Perhaps it was sexism that turned into an interesting and interesting study of the stubborn female leading character; perhaps it was just the look of the film with its bizarre yellow glow and twisted blue shades or the way an actress needs an actress like Luke Lui; who deserves much better than this garbage; and that she sits in one place in the room, light can not directly strike the same stupid expression on the face. Maybe it's editing; this terribly quick fixing of the fire and the way the lines of dialogue are responded to by people like Kiera Knightley who, if you buy as a head hunter, then you will probably be able to hijack yourself to believe that the world will end. Nobody comes from Domino with any credibility, absolutely nobody. It's a painful and mischievous experience, getting inspiration from things like Natural Born Killers and letting ideas go not even for them. The main question is: 'Should Domino be a kind of comedy?' what with its harshly bad leadership pronounced certain lines desperately wanting to think that it comes as "tough", but really, it looks more like an arrogant fifteen year old girl on the first day in a public school, trying to impress her peers. There are things that you really do not know how to react, whether they are funny or not. If that should be a comedy, then the question is asked: 'Is the life of a black fisherman really a species worth using for laughter?' I do not think like that. The film opens with the title card 'Based on the true story ........ somehow.' If this should be some kind of postmodern technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his unique purpose, then you are simply on the other planet. It is true that in this introductory quote, the film identifies the subject and the original text before it is completely pulled out and says 'somehow', which, I suppose, should have enabled them to make Domina older than her and appear on Jerry Springer. After that, we learn about Domino's relationship with her father who died in the film when she was ten or so; Here's the first use of a 'kind' cop as it was in real life was just four. But if the film had left the date of reality, then her entire journey would have been born from the death ... ... of her goldfish. Then we went into action with Ed Mosbei (Rourke); Domino (Knightlei) and potential love Choco (Ramirez). Throughout the scene, an American mother is flying in her own caravan in the background over her fire, whilst advocating for her son's life. What a really wrong opening; By presenting his three names as freaky people who break into trailers, they shoot guns on innocents, we know nothing and we approach the shooting of their pets. The direct feeling is hatred for the three leads, the feeling 'No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening? ' Bad seeds are planted and, if you do not know, they stick. The film is ill to watch, even sick; while these three break through the piece together with performances by actors famous for the characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here's another rude postmodernist slope, people who play themselves and that kind of Joker card that is playing again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role that leaves behind the character of Robert Dovey Jr. Prirodno rođenih likova. I could add, it seems in the middle of a complication with a false registration of the driver or something that Choco and Domino can have feelings towards each other. The problem is that every contractor does such a bad job in his character; no chemistry or feelings between them; film is not a love story, so why try it at all? Does anyone care about these two characters in the middle of all the rapid changes and things that explode? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists in such a small, small, minimalistic scale that you have to ask why it is even involved. So, the film feels the need to start. Things are narrative. We found the reason for false identification numbers that are related to someone else, and the guy talks on the cell phone in a sound balloon. I can believe in a bubble of sound, but how does he get his phone under water and into the bubble in the first place without getting flooded? Must he swim very quickly? double the speed of editing a movie that has become, which means something in the area of ​​0.01 seconds. Of course. The story of the movie becomes too complicated and simply arbitrary before it approaches a really stupid climate in which there are more things rising. In addition, there is a really inexperienced scene with wall graphics full of new ethnic groups, and the comedy of the film is so dry that it is necessary to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" They sing while people are in a popular American talk show. When were the last laughs "Jerry! Jerry!"? when, say, we had seven years? I came from sorrow and depression in such a film.
