I do not know if movie problems are more blame for the direction or script. As you will see in many comments, the style of editing is overwhelming. It's absolutely confusing and baseless, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I thought this film was so terrible that it deserved a comment. Films like this erupt in the film as an art form. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current focus of Reality in cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People there make a craft, there are 5 senses, and there is a sense for business - watching their inner life there. However, I do not blame them, the more and more unhappy situation of this era - qualified for films like this one. But, proki to these producers, I would not dare to call the artists a vomit, a lack of inner life or a look at the screen - to spread it to everyone. The story of head hunters, guns and pistols, heavy hands on sex - for such a popular actress (did they write a dance scene in their lap after they signed it?), Over saturated, excessive, linear linear plots. Everything is different, but everything is the same again. Disturbing music that pushes emotions into the throat. Story? character development? or just deny, the missing information, discovered eventually to create a * effect of the story - as if it had happened. He lacks anything that would resemble subtlety. It's a caricature of stereotype and genre. Where are movies with awareness? What about the subtlety of sound and music that you are not even aware of? And the depth of view? What about editing with a point of mind and consciousness? Yes, even in action movies, this can happen. They are sure they made crafts; but what is the benefit without soul or wisdom? Insight into the human condition? Can the people who commented and say that this is an apogee of art, or compare it with Picasso and others - I say this next to Gandhi or Kum, even the original trilogy of the wars of the stars or masters of the ring; then look me in the face and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need help in depth and story. I hope to get it because I like previous jobs. Better luck next time.
