My flatmate rented this movie a night, so we watched him together. The first impression is actually positive, because the whole movie was captured in this colorful, grainy, post-MTV structure. Quick sequences, cold angles, moving moving cameras - for a moment you feel like you want to watch another "Snatch" for a moment ... When the action really begins to take off, it starts to feel As if there was an excessive dose of amphetamine. Things just do not make sense anymore. I would not like to ruin the party watching it by giving certain scenes, but again, the movie is so bad that it's better not to look at it. First think that this is a crime The story is described in a conversation between Keira Knightley and Luke Liu. VRONG. This conversation does not give any coherent story. On the contrary, the Domino lesbian comes to character Lusi Liu during the second part of the film only throws the audience into additional confusion. Then I thought it might be a movie about a girl from a rich life. but a dysfunctional background that has become a strong head hunter. In any case, it is a message that is transmitted to the initial scenes. But after that the question of the Dominion character was completely lost from the crime plot. So, briefly, this is NOT a film about Domino's character. Then I thought, it's probably a story about a robbery. Pretty robbery. 10 million disappeared, award-winners are chased by suspect robbers, mobs are executed, hands are removed, Domino tries to break why this time they do not receive certificates for the prize, etc. This time we are confronted with a sad story about a fat African-American woman who falsifies driving licenses in the local MVD, and with 28 years is the youngest grandmother. Lateesha plays Jerry Springer's shoe, tries to publish a new, unbridled racial theory, and at the same time struggles to find money for her sick grandchild. What does it have to do with the main plot? URgh, well, nobody knows. Except that the director had to explain to the audience where the prize-winners would put their collecting fee of 300,000. Then at one point you begin to think: "Oh, it's about our society and the way media is distorted." There is a television reality team that drives around with bounty hunters and makes some violent shots The head hunters were also stuck with a bunch of Hollywood actors who just shouted all the time to break their nose and dragged themselves into too much of a crime. But NO, this is not a media film, they only appear sporadically throughout the film. < In addition there are many other sub-complications: the crazy Afghan who is To liberate Afghanistan, love story between Domino and Chocco, mescaline episode, FBI surveillance operation ... Can all of the above things be packaged in a 2-hour film? Rate it yourself, but my conclusion it's clear - it's a real mess!
