We are served - an awesome movie. Well, I admit that since I am white and that I do not have practical experience in the "competitive world of step-dancing", I may not be exactly the authority for this kind of film. On the other hand, I know a bad movie performance when I see it. And, lad, I've just seen him. Recorded in the vision of a low budget directed by Ian Ikbal Rashid ("Touch of Roses"), "How to move" tells the story of how important it is to keep up with your dreams - even if your dreams include buzzing around the loud , irritating hip-hop music and speaking dialogue, the average person would not understand whether he or she has an international interpreter. I will try to give a small short overview of the "plot". First, there are two actors who look like LL Cool J working in a car workshop in Toronto (Soft Race Diversity), but they still have time to train eight hours a day. There are a few other guys in this crew, including a white guy and a guy who looks like Denzel Washington in "Malcolm X". There are two women in the film - one looks like Serena Villiams, and the other on Geraldine from the old "Flip Wilson Shov". One of these lady was thrown out of a private college, because her parents spent all their tuition fees on a drug addict sister. The other girl, a member of Salt N Pepa, is undoubtedly not very good. There is another guy who looks like Eddie Murphi's Buckvheat, while another actor is Huggi Bear. These guys are rival dancers. Obviously this activity is very hard in the hood, and everyone is dealing with the big Step Monster in Detroit. maybe some subtitles would be helpful, as in Bergman's movie or that music video that recorded the Dream), it's hard to explain what's going on, except that a lot of bickering, the girl Serena Villiams (who by the way never smiles) becomes a freelance stepper from group to group), there are some step-dancing and many irritating hip-hop music. It is a typical story of cloth for wealth; somehow like "Rocka" with a really bad soundtrack, "Rudi" with boring rap music in the background, "Cri Freedom" without laughter. But why a movie - that could have a big impact on the black audience - must contain addiction to drugs, bad parents and a title that sounds like the first class that says the phrase: "How is it?" However, this film has been "shifted". He moved to leave the theater as quickly as possible.
