This was yet another obscure cover about Christmas, a low-budget Mexican production from Cardone's exploratory cinema producer (NIGHT OF THE BLOODI APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which ?? like many genre efforts from this country? was procured for release in the U.S. K. Gordon Murrai. Judging by the already mentioned efforts, Cardona was not a visionary? And, this one, who has already got his share of the flock here, is certainly not better! The film was, in fact, quite enthusiastic about the strange characteristics that characterized the Mexican exodus of the horror from the era, but it got an additional dimension thanks to the finer color (which, given the prominence of the red ones, apart from the Holy Spirit, plays the main role in the process? In any case In short, the plot involves Satan's efforts to stop the Christmas meeting of Christmas with the children of the earth; however, there is much more insanity on the road: for the beginning, our defiant, white and chronically cheerful man in red lives in the celestial palace, toys from all over veta, his piano while singing (diligently for the entire first reel!) in his native tongue, a visit to Merlin's famous magician at King Arthur's court, here confusing but entertainingly prone to childish jumping and muttering nonsense! once a year to get drinks which would bring somnolence to the young and make themselves invisible (by the way, the sorceress anachronistic presence here is no less likely than the cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in SIN DRAKULE 1974) !! ; By chance, it seems that by that moment it was overweight, so Santa must work to fit into every chimney! Devious tricks (enthusiastically rubbing their hands at every step and mostly sticking them) to keep the delivery program of St. Nick, then, is perfectly deterrent: indeed, their titan-for-tat shenanigans resembles the old Laurel & Hardy routine more than anything! In order to come to an end, we focus on three groups of children: one, a lonely son of a rich couple who does not want anything more for Christmas than their company (designed as a fantasy of fulfilling the desire in which the boy finds his parents wrapped in extra-large packages! ), a girl from a poor family who wants to have her doll (the horn is first trying to steal one, then dropping in small dreams? without success) and a trio brother who, re-instigated by Satan, does not think about anything else but about causing an accident and eventually falling out amongst themselves. There is definitely imagination at work, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the overall juvenile approach keeps the party (unless the movie is considered to be a guilty pleasure) well in the back!
