This film of Santa Claus begins strange and I think that Santa Claus can be a pedo. Instead of the usual elven toy maker, this Santa Claus apparently kidnapped children from around the world and forced them to sing as characters from "It's a Little World"! I suppose there are no laws on child labor on the strange astral plan on which he lives (obviously not the North Pole, not on Earth) !! None of these children is very happy, and I have always wanted to see commanders break through and rescue Thykeys, although I suppose that for some of the third-world children, these work conditions may be an improvement over local workshops. I hope to sing and make toys. Then the scene suddenly changes to hell where a lot and many demons dance as if they are in the musical of Busby Berkeley. This party has been stopped by Satan who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to destroy Christmas! Personally, I thought this film had already been done! The devil and his impulses are actually sweet - like Hot Stuff from the Harvei Comics, but with cool golden shrimp! Or, if you are Puerto Rican people, you are a defective mask with goat beard! Somehow a poor Mexican kid named Lupita, a group of rude kids who want to embrace Santa and a wealthy child are the key battle for the Devil and Santa Claus !! So, if Prince Darkness (and not Donald Trump, it's the Second Prince of Darkness) may somehow force her to steal and be bad, he will "win" - what we really do not know! In fact, as they were rooted, the impression is that filmmakers intend Santa to be Jesus - because he has all these great powers and is fighting the devil over the souls of children! Later, Grandpa is meeting her friend, Merlin. Ask him to make him a special powder that causes people to dream beautiful dreams. Taking into account how grandfather laughs in the movie (as a madman), I suppose he must use this medicine LOT! He goes straight to the blacksmith, which makes him a magic key that opens ALL doors. Bearing in mind that children are kept as their personal 'assistants', this magical thing makes me very worried! During the Christmas Christmas ride, you see that Lupita acts as a little angel - one problem. Santa Claus now takes the time to care for a rich child whose parents are selfish jerks. He gives them some sort of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems have been resolved. This is a rare case when alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! As for the small robbers, he gives them coal! Frustrated with his losses for Santa Claus, Pitch then tries to steal the sleds (which pull the creepy animatronic deer). When this falls, it destroys the Santa's Bay of "magic powder"! As a result, Santa Claus can not become invisible to avoid dogs and cure. Uh, oh ... how Santa Claus can get to Betty Ford Clinic if he stuck a tree ?! Will St. Nick to drop from the tree and take off the monkey from the back or will he win the devil? If you care, adjust and see. However, warn that the movie is crazy! Technically speaking, the film is iecchi. While in color, that's really cool. Music is mostly performed on organs - which, together with poor singing of children, produce perhaps the worst music I've heard lately. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very frustrating. Devils and Santa Claus who kidnap children are simply stiff. It's a movie that NEVER have to show to children, but it's a great movie to watch with friends, so you can laugh from start to finish!
