This must be the strangest, most irreproachable holiday movie I've ever seen, and it says something. I know that the Mexican people have some strange ideas about religion, mixing the ancient Aztec beliefs with traditional Christian theology. But their Day of the Dead is not as half as daunting as their Santa Claus. So .. Santa is not some happy, fat red-suit alcoholic (look at those pink faces for some time!). Instead, he is a skinny sociopathic pedophile who lives in paradise (or in the sky, no matter what), with a bunch of children working more than those in the shops of Kathi Lee Gifford. They sing so sympathetic traditional songs of their homeland as they wear clothes so stereotyped that I was surprised that there was not a little African-American boy in the black face singing 'Mom'. This Santa Claus is a distorted pervert that looks at and listens to everything that everyone does from his "eye in heaven." This is so that he can tell who was wrong or nice (with an emphasis on those who are innocent, I would bet). There is no Mrs. Claus, nor elves (what do the elves want when they get a child's work?) and the rooms are mechanical toys for the wind! This floating display of a freak floats on the cloud, probably lifted from its silver coating. Santa's enemy is ... Devil?! What is this, God our Lord and Savior? Weird. Anyone, Satan sends one of his servant, a young, devastated devil named Pitch, to try to make Christmas. Let me clarify this - the forces of the purest evil try to destroy a completely commercial and greedy holiday? It looks kind of superfluous, is not it? The plot is completely inefficient. Trying to get kids to be bad, but they do not have much luck. I was severely affected by the story of the holy girl Lupe, who is a very poor family. All she wants is a doll for Christmas, but parents can not afford to buy it (they spent all their money on a cardboard that they built from home). Well, Pitch is trying to encourage her to steal a doll. In reality, this is the only way that a poor girl ever gets a doll because she is holy and pray to God and Santa does not really work for Santa. But Lupe is struggling with temptation and tells Pitch to pick you up behind her, and so he is rewarded by giving him such an angry doll that you just know it's Chucky's sister. stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from where Merlin saved him! Merlin? You must be joking! Since mythical Druid figures appear in Christmas stories, or have they had anything to do with Christianity? And does God not approve magic? For several hundred years they burned Merlin at the stake, not asking him to come to rescue one of God's aspects (or I presume that Santa Claus must be against Satan). This movie is a long HUH? from the beginning to the end, and this will prompt you to wonder if the eggs you drank were not pointed or something. Probably it was, because this film is one long giant DT.
