1. Aliens resemble stuffed toys and hand dolls, and hands that do not work have hands. 2. Aliens have mastered the intergalactic space travel, but do not know how to unlock the unlocked door of the vault, but they can open doors that are closed to five people. 3. Old guards know how to get to C4, and just wait for the right time to use it, for example, when they suddenly release them without any obvious reason. 4. It is obvious that the US Army training camp in the 1980s included several "fighting in a garden tool" session, including a pyrite vortex of death. 5. To impress your discerning friend, you have to "save the world ... sin ... neighborhood" from aliens. 6. All women are whores, either openly or secretly. 7. Scummi night clubs look like bad guests. 8. "Scummi" waitresses are doubling as the dancers for The Fontanelles (how did they talk about this?) Which only bad dance moves can do 60. 9. Military soldiers are secretly dreaming of being Rambo. 10. Grenades obviously have the "flash-bang" setting. 11. Revived burning obviously leaves only one with minor burns on the hands. 12. Staff in the US Army, it seems that they are always in this area and do nothing about aliens in the area. 13. Aliens obviously always "go home", which means they returned to the vault where they were locked. 14. Aliens are attracted to strong lights, which obviously means in the Los Angeles area, I assume that the protagonist's house is the brightest in this area. 15. Displaying 16 parking scenes in a movie makes the audience crave for even more. 16. The van of the 80's seems to have horrible suspension systems. 17. Comedy should be in this film. 18. In this film should be a horror. 19. In this film should be made scams and honors. 20. This film cures insomnia. 21. Apparently, garden tools make electronic keyboard sounds whenever they are used, not just in combat (tell me I'm not the only one who noticed this). Simple, it's true that this movie just failed. Period. There is not much meat on the bones, nor does it work nicely. Even average. That's just bad. However, I saw far above, and the battle scene for rake is a pure comedy of gold, intentional or otherwise. At least the film did not take it seriously.
