Whether you're watching the regular version of this monstrosity or MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the complete GALL that entered this production. Movie creators offend the intelligence of viewers from one end to the other and obviously do not care about doing it. All about it is cheap. Even a car from the fifties of the last century to the time seems to have been pulled out of the garbage dump. "Hobbobs" are, as you probably know, "realized" with badly made hand dolls and stuffed toys; When a person needs to be attacked by a person, it is clear that the toy holds the victim in his own body. When the animals move away from the two protectors, this is shown (or rather, it is not shown) by a camera that targets the guards while looking down and turning their heads as if watching the hobbles that pass. It resembles the scene in the movie "Tangents", where two people stand in the ruins of the future world, watching the wreck, and we did not show it. Budget constraints legalized by ultimate incompetence usually mean that you will not have anything worth displaying, so why try? The "sets" were completely funny. "Club Scum" was an obvious restaurant; It seems that the house was an empty house - probably for rent or sale - that the production company kept for an hour or two to do the recording. "Spacecraft" is something I would be ashamed of being the 10-year-old who created the model. Motifs of characters do not make any sense - Kevin gets angry over his worthless rewards. girls because he did not make it "proud of him". I'm sure this was supposed to make their reconciliation, so she finally touches, but any guy with real self-esteem would tell her to go to hell and leave her. Nick has allegedly returned with 2 months of military training (yes, nice hairstyles for regulation, Nick,) and it seems that he is trying to prove that our country is defending a sadistic, moronic animal that is a sexual maniac. Kyle is a freak in red short pants dreaming of a night with a type of dominatrix, but he is so feminine that he's probably gay than not. One of the girls is modest and the other is a slap. A hobgobline? In the end, they all return to the safe where they lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and watch out for the primitive filming of our films in our modern age when you have an idiotic script, an incompetent direction, actors who are so bad to be thrown out of theatrical production of high school and set up a decent Edward D. Vood, Jr.
