There can be no questions about the spoilers for this film, the director has defeated us all and spoiled this film in so many ways. Clear capture things like Critters and Gremlins, this movie fails. on so many levels to regain the humor and horror of those better-made films. In the end, it's an unbalanced waste of time, when bad actors deliver bad dialogue to an idiotic director who occasionally throws stuffed toys on them. They are wrestling with the aforementioned toys in the same way as the old Tarzan movies that used rubber crocodiles, shaking them while screaming and trying to look a little threatening. It's painful to watch, not to help the mental fashion style worn by the actors. Basically, some crazy little aliens who were captured by the older guard on the movie, are finally released after a few. and begin to telepathically deceive people with people's minds. The new recruits of the guard, the idiot who let them out in spite of repeated warnings, gathered his 80-strong friend's band and they go together and have fewer adventures while trying to get Grem ... Hobboblin. The whole life is here, with a chicken-hounded girl, 80s girls, drugs, "frigid and inconvenient girlfriends of the hero, and a young hero who does not trust and wants to be his girlfriend anyway, shut down. " First comes the infamous scene of battle races, where a former military athlete shows how he was dressed in the army to be more aggressive, pushing a stupid hero with the wrong end of the rake for what looks like hours. Then there are some running around, ending in a real pie-fighting style ending in a scout night club with a hand grenade comedy blowing everything except the people who are standing right next to them. Then the movie of the variety ends, and everything ends well. No. This is like watching a wreck of a train, you can not take a look at it, it's so bad. The perfect offer for Misteri Science Theater, but terrible if you try to watch it yourself and uncircumcised. The fashion police still have a number of extraordinary orders for the actors, and I dare that no one laughs at the raid attack. This gives a maximum of 2 out of 10 for a good day.
