This discontinued hit "Gremlins" from 1984 is probably the biggest wreck of the train ever made film. Even for the 'B' movie, all other low-cost horror films on the same platform completely outperform this film in terms of action, acting and goodness. It starts with a random old guard and a younger punk guard whose name does not matter. Why? For a few minutes the film enters the 'forbidden' safe, and kills himself while he lives his fantasy about the rock star in a cheap tavern. This is just an appetizer for a pad filled with a main dish. The main character, KEVIN, is struggling many times to prove himself more than a total pussy. Perhaps he succeeds in the film, but the audience is shown as nothing more than a bad actor. Kevin gets a job with old security, and leads him through a security shift in (waiting) abandoned studio space. Yes, why try to make a set when you can just use the studio. Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens a banned safe and releases Hobbobline. Hobboblins force people to live their craving fantasies and then kill them for some reason. They have to come back before sunrise or ... or what else? Right. Other characters include Kevin's friend from Macho NICK, Nick's "wife" DAPHNE whose character no longer has the essence of a bitchy whore and a prostitute of valuable clothes. There is Kevin's manipulative and 'reserved' girl, AMI, whose deepest desire is obviously that Cher's similarity with netted socks with a pair of blue grandma's panties on top is badly shown. Do not ask me how it works. Probably the funniest character of all KILL. The question is how are such groups of friends made. Kyle is a devastated reptile who can not leave an hour without self-stimulation. His hobbies include calling sex-chat lines from other people's homes and most likely sniffing their underwear. The story takes place while Heroes seek Hobbobline: creatures high up to the knees (so-called Hand dolls) which, for some reason, try to travel further from the boundaries of the local neighborhood. Each of the characters eventually lives in her wildest fantasy that has never had anything to do with millions of dollars ... or a movie with a big budget. WARNING: this film will leave the observer to ask "What?". Hobbobs are returning to the safe ... with their free will. Perhaps they lost patience waiting for the sunrise, or maybe the writers of the stories got the cramp of writers and decided not to care about the ending. Upon returning to the safe, the old guard discovers "what he learned in the army" and detonates an explosive that destroys the safe, signaling the end of the evil Hobgoblin and the end of this ride with a slide; it fits better on driving on the escalators. Common bad picture of this movie is enough to send someone to tears. If you plan to watch it, I recommend you drink some alcoholic drinks to seriously consider the film.
