"House of Evil", called "Dance Of Death" from 1968, is the first of four notorious and strange last films played by the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibanez. Unlike Snake People (1971), The Incredible Invasion (also 1971) and The Fear Chamber (1972) all published after Karloff's death in 1969, House of Evil was released in 1968 when Karloff he was still alive. "House of Evil" many consider the worst of these four films, which are no doubt pretty crazy, but definitely have their fun value as well as unintentional comedies. I personally prefer the "Chamber of Fear" and "House of Evil" over the other two, simply because the lack of the least logic is even more extreme, and as there is no uncertainty in any film, the lack of logic increases the unintended factor of fun. Strange story (I do not know if I can really call it a "complication") was set up somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls were murdered and discovered with their eyes blown away, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ, invites her remaining relatives to her bizarre villa full of spooky toys. His relatives include Luke Durant (Julissa), who is hired for one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. I will not give you more than a story, but I can assure you that it's a completely bizarre movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some of the things Karloff's character says. Boris Karlof was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and most important icons of the Horror genre that he has ever lived, and he manages to assign this strange film to a small part of his size, and although (or because of this) his role (due to bad scenario and directing) In no way intimidating, he seems to be deliberately playing with a sense of humor. Just like in the successors of the film "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", Julius once again plays a female role. Most of those who support performances are hilarious amateur, cinema is terrible, and locations and landscapes are under contempt. The story lacks the smallest logic, and dialogue often makes no sense. However, a bad story and dialogue make this movie so entertaining to watch. "House of Evil" can be an extremely shy attempt to film, but it is certainly (inadvertently) ridiculous as it is bad. Fans of Ed Vood films should be very entertained, and I personally thought it was funny. At first, but fun, and certainly worth seeing because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 3/10
