I had time to kill myself before watching football so I saw that this movie is offered on the scifi channel and literally after I watched it I thought I had encountered my version of mental walk on the Bataan march of death while my conscience was beaten by the terrible a film that broke the series Mummi and Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought that the introductory credits were the peak of the film, and then it went into such an insignificant decline that the recent fall on the stock exchange looked like a stutter. The act was so bad that I hoped that everyone would be buried in the end. Casper Van Dien's leadership made me want to act as a great actor for Steven Seagall's high-caliber in The Deadli Ground because his reading was so wooden that Voody Voodpeck was thinking of making a kama sitting on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range was so limited that I was under the impression that my kitten was more prominent when he asked for popcorn. The direction was so insignificant that I looked back at my nephew's longing for the 3rd recital that had more pace and a better vision, and the fact that this film seems to have been tied together with the subsequent thoughts of the mentioned film franchise and that it can not be nor imagine it as a homage. The FKS movie was so bad that I thought that the director and producers were friendly to them by recycling inexperienced special effects from the Z classes of horror in the past. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Levis worked for in these films is beyond me and they should look at litigation against their agents for misinterpretation because they included them in such a film about the film. My warning once and all is to watch this movie at your risk because this movie can cause your IK to decrease with extended viewing. On the note page I noticed on the IMDb that sometimes I pay movie films, I wondered if it was the way actors were supposed to pay salaries for their poor performance in such films. Beware and be sure to avoid at all costs.
