The inflammers begin with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert revealing the mummified remains of 42-meter giant, now there is something you do not see everyday. Matt works for investor Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a resort on land and invites colleague archaeologist Angel (Kristen Miller) for reasons that I'm not sure about. In any case, both are trying to understand what they have on their hands when some of the teams are gone, Morton calls Protector Amon (Navid Negahban) to deal with the situation. In the meantime, an ancient textual translator, Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Boslei) translates some ancient text (as he would) and is shocked to find out about the evil prophecy in which these giants will rise and take over the world for Fallen One, or something similar that. Matt is saving the day and the whole planet ... Written and directed by Kevin Vanhook, who also plays a minor role in the film as an ancient warrior leader at the beginning, I personally thought that Pali was a horror movie and it's so simple and simple. There are so many things that are only bad in The Fallen Ones, both at the technical and conceptual level, the script does not make much sense and it really does not go until the final 20 minutes until I almost lost my will for life. The image is terrible and cliché what you want, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad and the whole film is predictable, I do not think it will come as a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day if it is? It's not a big surprise that the mummified giant will return to life or why wait for an hour in the movie when most audiences will be in some kind of comatose state. This is bad, very bad. You are warned. Director VanHook does not impress, fight scenes are absolutely horrible and why to dress their bad guys in a horrible purple shade? They look disagreeable. To earn a little bit, the special effects on the giant mother are really good, although there are not many of them because it does not appear for more than an hour, there are some normal sizes of moms that seem to have come directly from The Mummi (1999) Unfortunately, they are not accustomed to a great effect and are actually lost as a comic relief. A mechanical mother was a pretty good idea, but she looked stupid and there is no way on Earth that all these people can work interacting internally from each other in order to manage it, in fact, I think more about the idea that the idea is ridiculous. Forget any fear, tension or atmosphere and do not think of any kind of blood or violence because they are not. Technically, Pallas are nothing special and apart from the impressive diva Mummy effects are a little bit about her. Spiritual CGI and water effects are terrible, made for TV and these are emissions. The acting was bad, Wagner looks confused and this is probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can get these days. They have a bad movie, there are no two ways to make this happen as I'm worried. It is not recommended at any level or in any way to avoid it.
