What I think will most like me in the new movie "Star Wars," "Phantom Threat", is that it will probably hit the "Titanic" out of the water, if you'll forgive the dash, when it comes to a commonly ruined box of office bills, and thus Get him out of Number One. Every time I hear someone say "Titanic" is the biggest movie they've ever seen, I think to myself: "You do not see a lot of movies, do you?" What a tragedy. You could make 50 good movies that are much better than the Titanic, and for the same price. "Well, she won many awards for the academy, many people really loved her," someone would say in her defense. Well, many people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat in McDonald's, but that does not mean that it's high quality. Yes, millions of fans of Elvis can be wrong. I will first admit that part of the problem for me was the mega-hyper over the movie. I waited for a month or two to see him, and in the end, he did not fulfill the expectations that he was assigned to, which simply caused more attention to the terribly stupid love story. The truth is, the "Phantom Threat" is likely to suffer a similar fate. but. The "Titanic" of James Cameron is. a stupid action movie is thinly disguised in a serious period. b) an epic hour of three hours with the best moments in the trailer. c) brazen love story or fun. d) something better left to documentaries, which I would enjoy a lot more. e) A filthy film that lives up to the level proved by a real ship. f) a 3-hour robbery that I will never return, that is, the biggest motivation for a time machine that I can remember. When I meet someone who has not seen him yet, I say: "I wish I could trade with you." g) slapping into the face of the true victim of hypothermia. How long should we believe that people can be immersed in cold water and still form reasonable sentences? h) luckily a movie that is not recognized for any acting achievements in the Oscars. i) technological achievement in the film, and a little bit. The only reason I post this as an anonymous comment is that I do not welcome the killing of 10,000 thirteen-year-old fans of Leonardo DiCaprio who will no doubt doubtless come to his defense, and I'm not really interested in hearing the defense of Titanic's story, acting or length.
