Once upon a time he was a director named James. He brought us a wonderful, exciting science fiction like Terminator and aliens. These films were the thing from which blockbusters were made and he seemed to have a fantastic future ahead of him while the dawn of computer-generated special effects fell on the film industry. Terminator 2 gave us insights into what was possible in the new era. ........ And then it happened ................ ... 1997 ........ countless awards .......... rude sums of money ............ wild barrage of advertising ...... ...... Maximum profit margin ....... Titanic was here! I have never (ever) been one to jump on a bandwagon and I'm overly critical because in fact, I often took the opposite attitude from the majority just to discuss it. Titanic is still a movie that I took only one positive result - that Kate Winslett is absolutely beautiful! Quick Dialogue was something from Beverly Hills 90210, acting was wooden than my nephew's house, the pictures they intended to scare were actually comical (the man fell from the ship and hit the propeller), the historic fake (even when I started because I had too much), he had a great music on the subject (upstairs with the siren body) and a meaningless love story was so boring, self-satisfying and pathetic that he did not respect the position of everyone else (I was happy when he died and disappointed when he was not). It was clearly apparent from the saying that this image was designed to attract MTV watching, chewing gum, chasing a boy with a car, teenagers (DeCaprio looked like a little less heroic than a damned member of the boy's band) who they would drag their sex - starving boys for three and a half hours of chickens in the hope that we will be lucky later! The worst aspect was that he did not stop at that moment. Millions of discouraged, cultural henchmen went to see this expensive celluloid loss because "it cost so much that the products have to be great," and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they knew their movies." The crown arrived when Titanic broke the records at the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victims of a fatal evening on which his three and a half hours of Farce was based. It seemed to me to pray for forgiveness after earning a fortune by incorrectly depicting the circumstances that led to the death of many people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy this type of garbage, they deserve to be thrown away. Fortunately Hollivood, if they want to make a profit, I would have done so that I have such a chance in my life! It's there on my worst list of movies of other nonsense, historical false / human intrigues such as "Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor".
