The tragedy of the ship "Titanic" inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always captured the man's imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by the famous film action film action by James Cameron. The story of the "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different environments (one is a hobo artist, the other is an aristocrat) and their love triumphs over the social barriers and the tragedy of the sinking tone of the First, although it has used a historical name , this film had little to do with history. The plot was built around two fictional lover, French diamond and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of that time has become just a backdrop. Many historical facts are simply forgotten. Where was the operator who ignored warnings from the iceberg? Why did not he mention a ship that was only 5 miles away from the Titanic but did not come to the aid because his captain failed to identify the aid signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the purpose of the taste of this historical catastrophe with a fictitious cheese romantic when the story is already as sad as it is. The total plot was quite shallow; The rich are equal greed and corruption, poverty is equal to compassion and heroism. It's very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a film about how money corrupts. No human side was shown in anti-heroes. Billy Zane seemed to play the role of the devil. Casting was also very bad. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, he could swear he was his baby. Film length is unnecessarily stretched for more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were lost to establishing relationships between characters who were familiar to the public long before they went to the theater, and the dialogue that was used to make it even worse. Listening to banal lines such as "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" has caused more pain from the screaming of people drowning. Also, the jokes were too numerous and quite poor. The "Titanic" included some moving scenes, as it was when the musicians played while the ship sank, but they were not nearly anything original. The best thing about this film was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved a reward. Although this film lacked artistic value in the overall sense, the public could not resist the sentimental story in the main role of Romeo (DiCaprio), and the film became successful. Now it can be safely said that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money into one movie, and it seems that the Titanic has achieved something.
