SLOBODA ŠETKA was a completely boring film and I was really happy when finally the flock of elephants came into the castle and finished this film. Considering money and cast, you would surely expect the movie to be much better, even if I doubt the strange throw of Dana Andrevs as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Tailor. It's not just a difference in years, but I can not see the couple as a couple. Perhaps some of this may be a mistake in the fact that Miss Tailor replaced Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to Ms. Leigh's worsened mental state) - although it's hard for me to visualize Andrew and Leigh. In addition, for English, Ms. Tailor does not seem to even try to use the accent. The film begins with Peter Finch and Tailor who meet and marry in England. Their plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it looks like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and staff in the household seems to resent her. On top of that, once you return home, Finch behaves like a brave jerk, and Tailor is poor. Neighbor Andrevs can see this and he declares his immortal passion towards her. However, Tailor is not yet ready to leave his marriage. But during the film, Finch is more and more like Liz as an object and is finally ready to go ... when it comes out of the blue, Kolera strikes the plantation. It is so for Andrevs, Finch and Tailor to work together to save the day - although until this moment I really did not care because there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is quite boring and you can not understand why Tailor did not leave her husband in the laurel in within a few days of arriving at this helpless hell. The film is not particularly attractive or persuasive and despite the decent budget by Paramount, the film is slowed down. I was particularly surprised that, although the film was shot on the site, many scenes clearly recorded in the studio with the last projected (and grainy) recording that is not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Tailor, Finch and many are on the porch, and the grass is light green. Then, when the picture is cut down to people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are not actually on the Zeilon in this scene or the scene with a huge Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. In spite of your budget, it's not just a good or inspired movie. By the way, did Miss Taylor get pregnant during this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) she wears clothes, has a double chin and looks inflated. This is not a criticism - after all, women become pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. Also, the basic action in many ways is similar to GIANT - really a great Tailor movie! It's astonishing how casting and decent direction can do a lot.
