There were some funny ghost movies that came out of Hollywood. Cari Grant was an angel in Bishop's Wife (1947). Of course, the best were Topper films in the late thirties and early forties. In recent times, "Heaven Can Vait" by Warren Beattia (1978), which was a 1941 remake of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan." These were well written, entertaining, entertaining comedies, focused on supernatural creatures like ghosts and angels. Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who was killed on the wedding day, and then returns to harass the priest Ashlei (Lake Bell) who falls for Kate's fiancé, Henry (Paul Rudd). One thing that is clear at the beginning: Longoria Parker is not Constanta Benet (Marion Kerby in the first two "Topper" films), which is a standard against which all female ghosts are measured. There is a Line at the very beginning, when Henry's sister, Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) tells Henry, "You do not laugh." This was a good description of my situation in this film. The main problem of the movie is that the script is not very funny. But this worsened the presence of Longoria Parker, who just rubbed me in the wrong way every time she appeared on the screen. Just to begin with its complicated lack of comedic talent, it is covered with so much pancake makeup, who knows what it looks like? Kate was killed while she was holding a frozen statue for the wedding. She is so unreasonable that an angel instructs her about what life is like in her life after her death (well, she's actually fading), so Kate finds himself on the ground like a ghost without knowing what her mission is. Chloe wants Henry to get out of the funk, which naturally descended after Kate's death (from what I saw from Kate, he needed to feel wonderful relief), and he met him with Ashley, who really does not know. I do not know what she is doing as a spiritualist (she is also a ketrinka who will meet with the end), to see if she can bring Henry back with Kate. There is a lot of things going on. The emptiness of the film is shown in the "B" story that revolves around Ashley's assistant, Dana (Jason Biggs). This was thrown near the end, but the way Ashlei manages shows she's just as sucking as Kate. Since Dan obviously attracts both these heavily damaged women, he deserves all he gets. Finally, Kate appears Ashley and the party should start. No, and there is more damage, because in other hands it could have been quite fun. Norman Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Movbrai and Co have to turn to their graves to see that it did their glow in the first two "Topper" films.
