Two qualifiers on the front: in fact I think Joe Don Baker can be good or even excellent with the right material and direct director (remake of "Cape Fear", a small role in "Goldeneie", "Valking Tall"). Even Baker liked me in "Mitchell" because he played an anti-hero who was unsuitable. Yes, the coverage of MST3K was hilarious, but they recorded many inexpensive recordings on Baker - which he did not deserve - to keep things alive and entertaining - was appropriate to the level and tone of the film, and was the best part of the movie. "Final Justice" seems more like it, but despite exotic locations and the theme of "cowboy border justice", it's pretty weaker than "Mitchell". . And the main reason is that Baker's character, as written, is an idiot. The film makes sense that, as Baker embodies the old style of border machismo, he challenges his opponents to the old mano-a-mano competition. And because he is so sturdy and macho, he always wins, even when he is injured, injured, numbered, etc. It is an enigma with many potentials (it worked for Garia Cooper), even if it condemns the film to the status of "B" movie. But Baker is so dumb and stupid and obsessive that he unnecessarily calls into question the three members of a bad guy in a public-money clearing, with civilians across the city. He could simply be shaded to the headquarters of the bad guy (why he followed them) and would never have noticed. Or he could lower them and make them surrender, so one of the supporters took him to the headquarters. But no, he must be a hot dog and a line with a sword, and so gets a child taken as a hostage in a shootout! This is the type to admire? The whole movie is basically this. Most supporting actors are somewhere between OK (adherents) and pretty good (the main bad guy and his father, who are two well-known European actors - they just go through moves, but they are professionals and even those who do it. ). But through all this, Baker's character pulls silly, unproductive acrobatics and mistakes that kill at least two relatively innocent men, plus a couple of bad guys who may have taken their lives without the use of a deadly force. On the positive side, since 90% of the film is set up in Malta or in the Mediterranean, you can see plenty of beautiful landscapes and many beautiful and exotic looks. And indeed, Baker can be on the difficult side and a bit dumb, but not so bad ... surely not the lead that this film critics (including Mike and Bottle in their harsh reporting) think they think. In short, this movie is good for the video background, but the viewer should not pay attention to it.
