After arresting the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Sheriff's Deputy Tomas Geofferson Geronimo, III, was assigned to return the killer back to Italy. On the way, however, the plane is redirected to Malta. Shortly after landing, the killer escaped. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, deputy Sheriff Geronimo is ready to return the killer. But will his "shoot first, take the names later" of the brand of justice in Texas in a foreign country? Allow me to deliver this before, I saw Final Justice with the comments of Misteri Science Theater 3000, and without them. I saw scenes that were cut out and that make the film a more coherent whole. I also saw the TV version that was used for MST3K. Having said this, I must admit that I much prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a bad movie. MST3K comment helps make it more tasty. By itself, it's a real snoozer in an action-packed motion picture (often delivered with such thick Italian accents that it's impossible to understand it), bad acting, poor direction, gigantic holes for works, and most of what you will find in a bad movie. And if most of the Final Justice was not "so bad, it's good," it would be a terribly boring movie at the top of everything else. So, yes, I enjoy the often very fun MST3K commentary about the bad movie itself. My main questions with MST3K comments and most of the reviews I've read on Final Justice, however, include reviews by Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in Baker's performance actually have nothing to do with his size or choosing a dress from his character or any other jokes in his direction. Instead, I think a lot is connected with a bad decision to lead it. Joe Don Baker has always hit me as a decent enough actor, but he is not the guy I would call "action hero" by any piece of imagination. He is more assistant than he demonstrated with solid performances in several James Bond films. Or if you really want to blame somebody for Final Justice issues, point your finger on director Greeder Clark. Clark's resume can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say: "Leave Joe Don Baker!"
