In short, the film had a little weak first act with some forced acting and somewhat unrelated rhythm and pacing, somewhat decent 2nd act that managed to build some tension and intrigue in spite of some inconsistent pace and some poor performance cast, and the third rank ... there was virtually no third rank there! As for the third act, the film is abruptly ending. There is no resolution or a path to the top of another act, so there was not much of a third act. The bad guys are dying and that's it; final loans. There is nothing to show what is happening to the protagonist and the people who support him, and so on. The audience would probably leave the theater after the movie, asking, "That's it?" Real disappointment. The music was composed by David White, who worked enough enough to serve the movie most of the time, but that certainly is nothing special. It is only functional, but it does so by generic and derived. It is also obvious that the result of VRLO is dated using synthetized tympanum for some of the percussion. What impressed me the least about the result is that some moments of tension announced the music signs that sounded like they were taken by James Horner from "48 HRS". All in all, the film had the potential because the very basic story itself was good, but the execution was mud with a central direction, poor acting and somewhat inconsistent pacing. There was practically no third act that would properly finish the story, and this failure is large and unforgivable because it does not allow the film to end in a satisfactory way. This may be either a script or, perhaps, the production had to turn off the recording or editing of a third act in the final movie due to budget constraints (but I'm speculating about why there is no third rank). Whatever the reason, the sudden ending really hurts the movie. This is good for a look if you are curious and you can get a movie for VERY cheaply, as well as learn the reason why you must have 3 works (beginning, middle, end) if you write scenarios and make movies. Otherwise, you may not want to waste time unless you get the MST3K version at least to get out of it.
