Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a fat, sweaty killer dumbbell in a stupid cowboy suit to which Roi Rogers would laugh. Somehow it still has a badge, probably because it lives in Texas, and it will allow police to be there. This fatty loser is a sheriff's deputy near the Texas border. It is not surprising that he was once a Tekas Ranger, but he was kicked out because he thought that the law was his personal ball that would be played at his discretion. This includes the murder of suspects across the international borders of Mexico, the beatings of suspects, cheating on pistols, threats to women, the launching of a shootout that could have been avoided and able to get the life of the child threatening him, leaving women Promised to help and protect was killed only to be able to get out of prison, etc., etc. This type of LA creates LA policemen who look like saints in comparison. When his partner kills a couple of wandering Italian killers, Joe Don's character catches them and kills one of them. Then he took the other to Italy at the order of Mr. Wilson, who rightly thinks that Joe Don will screw up a long time. For record time, he loses the Italians and gets a Maltese taxi during the process. This is just the first of many deaths and great destruction that Joe Don leaves on the trail behind him as he sneaks over Malta in search of Palermo (Italian killer). So starting part of the Mobius strip. the film, in which our hero is arrested, surrenders to the Maltese police chief, goes out and causes more trouble, he gets arrested, he receives a lecture by the chief of police ... and so on, and so on. Until you want to blow your brain with a ivory colored pistol with Joe Don and end up with horror. Joe Don proves his worthlessness not only for the first time when Palermo escapes, but in the later jumping of the ship he descends in just one stroke. Then take him out of Palermo after threatening a woman with a hanger. You hope that Palermo will really torture him in the basement cell he entered, but that stripper who threatened him did not come because he promised to protect her. Her throat was cut short (a big surprise), and Joe Don ran into the night. And here you hope that he might have been drowned in (yet another) search for a boat. But even the ocean did not want it, and spit it on the coast where it was fed by a poor Maltese family (what did they ever do to deserve it?) He returns to the city, where he was arrested by the police, gave a lecture by the chief of police ... arrrgghhh! The police officer who followed him released him so they could go to Palermo. Why would she do everything that was so dead in the brain to destroy her career for this great man, it's beyond me. It's just a head startling. They come out in a villa in which Palermo is hiding and begin to shoot. Joe Don blistered cheaply and killed Palmer. He then pronounces the brilliant and brilliant final line of the film: "The great one has my badge. Can you give it to me?" Thank you for the immortal line, Mr. Baker. It will enter the analias of the history of the film as the most fruitful, incredible, marvelous last line ever pronounced by the character in the film. This certainly belongs to everything else in terms of character. Well done.
