People baked Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) plays in this boring, unobtrusive 'action' movie as deputy Geronimo, a fat, trampled squirrel sitting in the stupid look of a cowboy suit, listening to Countrie music and eating too many donuts. In the meantime, an unclear criminal named Palermo (played by a guy who owned a drill in Fulcini GATES OF HELL) encounters Joe Don's territory and shoots the sheriff into a badly organized scene. Joe Don- slowly - gives a potter and removes Palmer's brother after he said his now legendary phrase "It's your move." You think you can take me? Well, continue on. For some reason, Joe Don, the Texas code, has to transport Palermo to Italy ('Mr Palermo was the main source of disgrace for the Italian government,' says Mr. Wilson, another unclear character played by Bill McKinney, who was MASTER NINE 1, SHE FREAK, and many good Clint Eastwood movies). Anyway, Joe Don's plane must land on the island of Malta, where Palermo escapes with a briefcase and a guy who looks like Jon Lovitz. And this film stops. For the rest of the film, Joe Don is looking for Palermo, losing Palermo, ending up in a prison cell, shouts from the police chief in Malta, and then he gives up warning that he is no longer looking for Palermo. Then Joe Don searches for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, shouts from the police chief in Malta, and then he gives up warning that he is not looking for Palermo anymore. Then Joe Don searches for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, shouts from the police chief in Malta, and then he gives up warning that he is not looking for Palermo anymore. This is one aggravating movie. At one point it is considered that Joe Don is dead at sea. All the other characters are wondering if he is dead or not, finally concluding that he is. But then he appeared (he was saved by the poor family) and nobody mentions the fact that he disappeared for a few days at sea. Even his sweet, Julia Louise-Dreifuss-eskue assistant does not return him. She, however, offers to help him find Palermo, so Joe Don is looking for Palmer, losing Palermo, ending up in jail, shouts from the police chief in Malta, and then giving a warning not to seek Palermo anymore. High goals include a bizarre carnival with strange colorful buoys, some sexy strippers, a shooting involving a kid dressed like Napoleon I tomato carts, a scene in which he was dressed as a monk, and any a scene without Joe Don. Lovpoints include Joe Don who threatens a stripper with a hanger. It should be noted that this is Greidon Clark, director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, who appears as a sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
