I note from the comment that most people who are discussing this film have their remarks based on the MST3K broadcast. That's fair enough (that is, after all, as the worst-case report came), but, since it was an accident to see the "Final Justice" in its original form, I would just like to share some thoughts and comments on the uncircumcised. Version. First, it must be acknowledged that the original version is somewhat more coherent than MST3K broadcasts, primarily thanks to the exposed scene between Rossan Brassian and Venantin Venantini (I can use the names of characters). instead of actors, but I like to type words "Venantino Venantini"), explaining why Venantini's fugitive can not leave Malta immediately. (This is not a very convincing point, but filmmakers tried to cover it.) Whether this scene was cut only on time or because it did not provide much food for riffs, I do not know. The second plot is missing in the original: The Venantina Venantina Venue, Joe Don Baker, seemingly unmotivated in the MST3K version, explains the earlier, extremely unpleasant scene in which Venantini raped in the shower. Although it gives her a motive to turn against him, the whole scenario is really ... silly. (There's no other word for it.) Some of the MST-worthy moments (continuous shorter "Son ..." and "Deja vu" shooting sheriffs) were purely a result of the edited TV press with which they they did, and who did not leave the original film. One scene I wanted was made in the MST3K version: before entering the bar to examine some people, Joe Don asks a Maltese policeman who has followed him to stay out, because "they see this uniform, they will not cooperate . " However, Don Don himself carries his ridiculous cowboy-sheriff equipment, with a great badge! I can not imagine why they delivered this great opportunity to ridicule him ... One last observation on the original, uncut version of "Final Justice": Why, why, do you feel the need to place Venantino Venantini on naked guzu on the screen?
