I was excited when I heard that Cesar Montano decided to film a movie in Cebuano. (It's not a "dialect," because most Filipinos will be mistakenly referred to as. Like Cebuano and Tagalog are incomprehensible to each other as French and Spanish interact.) But I was very disappointed when I saw this movie. As a Canadian, Cebuano parent, I was optimistic about the revival of the Visa film industry when I heard of this film. I was still excited when I heard that it was not another stupid action movie or melodrama because the Filipinos love these kinds of movies. But unfortunately, I was briefly changed. Panaghoi serves as the ego journey for Cesar Montana. Montano naturally plays the hero of the film. And when I say 'hero', I mean in the most energetic way; His function is to win the heart of the girl and bring Bologna to victory against the Japanese. His character has no depth and complexity. He just fits into the heroic mold. The other characters are one-dimensional; They all fit into their roles to cut cookies. I am for movies that are slow to move / meditate, but this film was just slow. She did not exactly meditate on anything. Just because the film is historically oriented, drama and slow motion do not make it a good movie. Especially inconvenient is the American actor Philip Anthony. His performance was unpleasant. If Montana wants to revive the film industry in Visaian, she should have really thought about it. He said he wanted to make films from Wizard that could compete in Cannes and Toronto, etc. In order to turn Visaian's films into mainstream consciousness, at least a movie would have to be made that would attract audiences, even if it meant sacrifice of quality. He obviously did not think about it or get information about what movies he rewards in Cannes so that a movie that attracted the audience was at least one step in the door. Now I'm afraid that Visay movies will not be made long time for this movie. If I ever told a Filipino I want to see more Visaian movies, of course I'll get a response like, "Visayas do not make good films. Have not you seen Panaghoi with Suba?" Of course, this is ridiculous, because this is one example of the Visa film and is probably the only example anyone could see today. Examples of films that are meditative, not just slow, Tagalog movie Blackout or The Straight Story of David Linch. I do not like to promote the Tagalog language because it is endlessly and unfairly promoted and pushed in the necks of non-Tagalog Filipinos, but because of the name of the shovel I say that Blackout VERY is a good movie. These films rely heavily on what Hitchcock called "pure film". Images without a word are used to transmit a story. But I definitely overcome the definition of these two films, because these films use images without a word to convey the mood of the film. and it's very good. Panaghoi thinks that if they simply take open scenes of the landscape then they have established a mood. And what about so many Philippine films that show dying mother or grandmother ???
