Well, I can honestly say this is the first time I've experienced a movie that literally did not have meat or potatoes in it. The whole movie felt like it was just a salad without a main meal. The story was wrong and funny, the characters were one-dimensional, the realism was out of the window, and the animation was done by four-year-olds. Does it cover? I've never been ashamed of the concept in my life. I have never read comics or watched other programs with this character, but from the viewpoint of other reviews, I was not in a position with my observations. For the beginning, the story moved too fast. For someone who is new in this character and situations, I needed more built-in reasoning instead of finding a solution. I've seen other Anime (if you could call this Anime) who are doing great things with their characters because they need time to develop them. There was nothing separate for Ladi Death. In a few short scenes, we see her train with the Crematorium and immediately we become an aggressive beast of hell. It was difficult for me to swallow, considering moments before being portrayed as a weak and weak woman controlled by her father. Suddenly, she is immersed in hatred and can fight the existence that has existed for millions of years. It was absurd. The presentation of Ladi Death was poor, at the very least. I felt like nothing more than an animated character, not a desperate woman with a revenge of the mind. It just did not work for me. She was nothing more than sweets for prepubescent boys who wanted to notice the massive amount of skin she suddenly grew on her chest when she was training with the Crematorium. Oh, I felt I was just watching. The same applies to the character of the Cremator. Who is this random person? The explanation they gave was not enough, and instead, I had more inconvenient chatter than real development. It's a very sad day in hell when we renounce the characters to show more violence and action, especially in an animated movie. Then he was Lucifer himself. Just to say that I think I can fight the King of Hell and survive. He was weak, his voice was ridiculous, and he simply did not present the picture I had in my head. As if Disney was in control and wanted to make him a half-PC. He missed the darkness and corrupt nature that Lucifer embodied. He was not the ruler of Hell, but he was just a lacquer that had a bigger place to live. When we are talking about life or dying, how can you die again in hell? It was a concept that definitely required more explanation. Most characters worried that they would die, when they did not even think they were already dead. So they got to Hell. I think that level of thinking has destroyed the film for me. I did not quite understand the idea that your soul is still in a solid body in hell, but could it be just me? or perhaps because there was no DEVELOPMENT in this story. Nothing is built, it's just getting ready. Battles were hysterically bad. The animation in this cartoon appeared to have originated in the early nineties. There was nothing impressive about the way this film was drawn. Why are we, America, behind the animation? It's huge in Asia, and it's moving to hardcore here, because we continue to make movies like Ladi Death that do not provoke or use any part of the imagination. We are cheap, and this film shows it. All in all, this movie was bad. The animation along with the terrible voice work was cheap. I had somewhere that this film was in production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I could make this movie on my credit card. The production was terrible as the story. Nothing developed, leaving huge gum holes in which almost everyone was burning. The strength of the characters was missing and nothing was explained. I spent time with this and I would like to warn others, so when death comes, you will not find yourself in my condition and regret that you spent 80 minutes on this piece of garbage. BLAH! Rating: * from *****
