Vitti. Faulty. Real, right. Surreal. Butterfly vings? One might wonder what all these words are best described, and some (those that mingle with the international film community) can quickly tell Happenstance, but others can jump to more American trains and shout instantly, The Butterfli Effect. Strangely, I would be one of those screaming for that sci-fi Kutcher movie mainly because none of those words I first mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately showed the Tautou feature I saw. Of course, we all loved her in Amelia and thought that Jesus' daughter was in Da Vinci Code, but in this film, the director (at least the feature film) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou a chance to shine. Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the opportunity to really demonstrate, because he is too delicately caught up in moments of "chance chance" to transfer this film to anything else, and not just glittering (never realizing the ulcer). Firode is abundant, and I use "abundant" as a small word, moments in this film where he could build a fantastic story, a true whimsical fairy tale of love and coincidence, but instead he fell face to face - the chaotic intertwining of us flooded with inconsistent characters and a story that left us breathless. The beautiful face of Tautou adorns the wrappings of this box, but do not take it as immediately as assuming this will be another monumental trip to Tautou in a French film. Tautou is in this film, do not misunderstand me, but it can be argued that she is not at the heart of this story. Firode's job is to create a series of random events that will ultimately lead to the kind (though confusing) ending of the audience, which illustrates the meaning of a refreshing "melodrama". He completely, completely fails. Firode does not manage to give us an audience, too many characters. With an excessive number of characters he gives us too many random interventions, and you do not really care who you are, or what is, or how; Your main focus is focused solely on the final credits and the time destination of their arrival. Tautou could preserve this film from a disaster that only Firode gave the center. Unfortunately, he did not do it, but he tried to force a group of 12 to appear on the theoretical film hole size penny. It simply did not work and we stayed with a jam in which we were completely stuck. Firod fails because it focuses so carefully on the fine details that, for one of those rare film events, it actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no definite central focus on Happenstance. Initially, he tries to create one from our two alleged main characters who discover that they share the same birthday and that their horoscope promises love for the moon, but we never return to it through the film. Instead, we are again bombarded with new characters, staggering scenes and a ruthless colorful that we obviously chose to point us away from the real story and more to the world full of "if, and, but also". I could not. I could not believe this movie. The author of Firode (yes, the same guy who directs this garbage) uses a technique that is so primitive in this movie that I immediately felt that it was immediately ending. He must have assumed that many of us were not able to follow the story (or scientific premise) because he grabbed the help of the homeless in order to actually fill the proper gaps. I did not need this, nor do I think that Firod should humiliate his audience on this issue. Although there were other elements that just did not seem to work for me (again, I felt like a confused Parisian collage of chopped paper), that was whipped cream on a cake. I do not need my hand through movies. I will give this film one star for merit. This is a rather difficult genre for successful mastery. Movies about time travel are particularly difficult due to countless opportunities that are never taken into account, but with Happenstance it works because Firode is semi-exploring different avenues. Although I will face the claim that this does not work well, it has done at least five full minutes of enjoyment. I liked where Firod started with this film, he had a true story about the diagram, but the final performance had just blown this film to pieces. Firod could preserve this film by strengthening his characters, while illuminating his premise and story. I think my overall mood of this movie would have changed to take only these two simple directions. Oh, how do I just want to be able to travel back to the production of this movie to show Firode's faults in his ways. All in all, for the first time (and probably the last one), this was the Tautou movie, which I must say to completely disappoint me. From the thrilling opening to the apathetic region, I just felt that Happenstance collapsed due to Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention earlier, but why would someone buy this movie thinking that it was Amelie 2 (by title published in Hong Kong), and why would I put Tautou on the cover, knowing well that she did not carry this film at all . I believe that from the first minute that went on my DVD player, this film was in disarray. Although I will applaud his subject, everything else was far below the level of centrality. I can not suggest anyone this movie. Rating: * from *****
