I am a passionate fan of a violent exploitative film, which would never attack the film because it was violent or disturbing. "Cannibal Holocaust" is a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films such as "Women's Day" or "Last House on the Left" as a real classics. Anyone who reviews my other user comments will notice that I'm actually very pro-violence / worse when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least some point in relation to violence. This piece of shit does not make any sense. The first film in the "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but, unlike many other controversial films, this stink does not have anything to be recommended. I must say that before I saw any of the Gunie-Pig films, I already had the feeling that I would hate this, knowing what it was about. However, due to the status of one of the most controversial films, I decided to have to see it. I'm very glad I did not spend money on this bunch of shit, and I certainly would have liked that I did not even spend my time. The story of this thing (I do not want to call it 'movie'): There is no one. The three smells torture a woman to death for some painful 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no uncertainty; nothing. Simply disbelieving that the film that depicts NISHA, except for the woman it tortures without cause, enjoys a huge cult. It's worrying, I give it. Of course it's disturbing to watch a video of torture for 40 minutes. What is even more disturbing is the fact that many people actually consider this pile of garbage a sort of masterpiece. I really can not figure out why. The fact that the effects look up realistically can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and very calmly reacts to all the tortures. This makes the film less realistic, which, in this case, is a good thing. This is a disgusting movie; not because it is above, but because of its excess, its existence exclusively for the purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. I strongly oppose any kind of censorship. Since this is 100% false and no one is injured during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I can not think of any reason why they would like it, apart from the morbid desire to see suffering and enjoyment of torture. The continuation of this movie, "Flowers of Meat and Blood," gained fame when actor Charlie Sheen replaced him with a real snuff film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film proved to be fake. All in all, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake movie about torture / sneaking that seems to have the sole purpose of watching as close as possible to the real movie about the burmut. the worst movies I've ever had to crash. Do not be bothered by trying this shit piece because of its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. A zero star of 10, I wish there was a negative scale to properly evaluate this bunch of shit.
