I recently watched the first Guinea Pig movie, The Devil's Experiment, and I must admit I'm disappointed. This film is inevitably included in any list of "nastiest" films and maybe I expected more because of the hype. The truth is, however, that I do not evaluate it. If I looked at how he believed the initial text was true ("I found this tape ..."), maybe I was a bit upset by thinking that it was real. Even without the benefit of not being real, I think I would realize that it really is not. Through the film, the reaction of a girl to what she seems to be simply is not what they should be. She should scream like a banshee from pain. The fact that it is not, is obviously not real. I would not want to see if it's real, but to be more convincing in my acting, the film would be more disturbing. And there are also infamous scenes: nothing hit me until scalpel in hand. Hot oil, worms and intruders did not bother me. I'm not saying I'm "tough"; only I failed to stop disbelief, partly because of the girl's inadequacy. Skalpel made me get a little cluttered, but the hammer on my hand just made my hand look rubber. And the final scene with the eye shook again a little, but nothing more. I did not want to distract my view, nor did I feel sad. Maybe it's because the movie is about twenty years old, or I may just be outrageous. It's true that this film was not at all disturbing. It is the kind of thing you can expect to see playing on the loop as a modern art installation and as a practice for removing characters. , story, etc. and abandoning torture, works on some levels. Still, as an upsetting movie, it did not help me at least. I watched Guinea with her husband, who was "just a movie" bent and wondered what all the noise was about. We had to talk about why I'm watching these films, and my reasons are many, but they include the desire to be hit by a movie. She said she did not think that any movie could be so convincing that it would upset her and cause me to do just that. I played her scene for extinguishing fire from the Irregular and she was really upset. I'm not sure that I have a point, except that both of us were more upset about the scene in a non-horror genre film than any movie so far that is imposed to interfere.
