Many have welcomed David Mamet's debut film as a movie of true thinking, a movie that puts you in question all and everything. I saw him for the first time recently and I could not understand what should be so great. The film is about psychologist Margaret who is also the best-selling author. Margaret became disappointed with her profession and the inability to really help anyone. She tries to solve this by helping her patient to earn a gambling debt for a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, which is the only reason to watch this movie). She found that Mike was a professional trusted man, almost as a victim of the scam he pulled right away after meeting her. Interested, she returns to see him and asks him to show her how acrobats work (she plans to use this as the subject of a new book on psychology). Then he falls in love with him and follows him in the long conflict that he and his associates set up. I do not want to go into details, but at the end of the film it is revealed that the events of the whole film were elaborated by Mike and his associates to deceive Margaret from $ 80,000. First of all, the big turn to the end was VERY predictable. Every scene on which the scammers worked was very obvious by the stage acting and the strange line. And not only that, but the audience (and the main character) know that they are dealing with fraudsters, so is it really a great surprise to learn that Margaret himself was deceived? In addition, Margaret is an allegedly intelligent psychologist who is an expert in reading people, and yet allows herself to be exaggerated - and keep in mind, she knows that Mike is a fraud. Second, we are told that we believe that Margaret was deceived from the very beginning, but to finally function, she had to do several things that they could not foresee to do. First, she had to decide to help settle the debt of her patient, allowing her to meet preachers. If she did not do it, the whole fraudster would collapse. I just have to say that it's pretty unreasonable to assume that a psychologist will take it to settle the patient's debt. And not just that, but what are the chances that the rogue will be in the right place that night when she decides to appear? Were they simply appearing in a bar every night, hoping to come to see them? Another thing that had to happen, which could not be foreseen, was that Margaret must return to see Mike and ask him to learn the tricks of his store. What is the chance for this to happen? However, the whole concept is based on this assumption. Another problem that I had was the end. Margaret finds out she is deceived and decides to revenge Mike. In the beginning, Mamet tells us that we believe he will fight the horse, but it collapses, so the end of her killing is the Mother in the luggage space of the airport. Somehow it seemed like an awkward and incapable way to end a movie about artists who deal with trade. And not only that, but also did not take the money he stole from her. Finally, the film leaves you blank and unfinished. And if you, like me, predict before Margaret is deceived, you will discover that this discovery is just as unsatisfactory.
