I was seriously reluctant to watch this movie because it seemed to me to promise from coming attractions: Jim Carrei with God's powers is an idea that definitely worked for me. As a great fan, I was sure that it would be top-notch in its element with such promising premises, and what could go wrong? Yesterday my bubble broke, boys and girls, because I saw a movie. The first act (where he is set to hate his life, he is an unhappy worker and a major ill-fated camper with an ax to mow against God) is usable, the second act (where God called him over the phone and received All-powerful forces) is EXCELLENT - Carrei is having fun with his new toys and the pleasure to watch, really funny. But the third rank is incredible. The gnash begins to set up after a scene of a dinner between Bruce and his girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who in this film is suddenly breaking through as her part is only land, even her name is disgustingly disgusting) - she thinks she'll 'drink' the question 'but instead, he tells her (it's still a bent knee) to finally get an anchor job, is not it so exciting? Do not think so. She wants to marry her, see, and turns around leaving her, see, although she still loves him very much, she sees, and the rest of the film is spent piercing over her head with one pathetic, heavy - handed down the spiritual-sound clichés after the next, until I did not pray. . .to be done. I did not mind the lack of subtlety in the first two acts (one example - in the second act, after gaining his power, Bruce climbs into the room singing "What if God was one of us, just crazy like one of us, "blah blah, and I was even willing to overlook the incredible amount of contradictions they were throwing (for opponents, Morgan Freeman - a / k / BOG - tells Bruce he can violate one's free will, but he does it, These choices were forgiving - this is a comedy by Jim Carrei, directed by Tom Shadiac - not the rest of the day. It was better said that it was a piece When the script writers lose track of it (in terrible act 3) and try to turn the process into a kind of (GAG) movie with messages, what we get is hell on earth. Bruce finds the error in his selfish ways, realizes that GRACE His rescue - it must say - grace, and that his priorities in life were misunderstood. However, all this could have been transmitted in a far less difficult way. The film did not have to go to the sculptor to make these points. Unfortunately, the writers and Shadiac obviously had no idea how to solve the story in any smart, easy way, so they started on the bum-over-the-go way in the hope that we would not notice. Even in the end they even surprised unexpected exits, in the hope that it will diminish the bad taste. It did not help me.
