Jim Carrei is one of the funniest and most loyal comedians in the film today. With its hyper-active spontaneity and its rubbery face it can just go crazy, and we love it for it. He has the ability to make central comedy (ale Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comedy outings. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', make them some of the most exciting contemporary comedies. Kerry also proved capable of dealing with drama. He was great at "Man on the Moon" and "Truman's show." The guy is awesome. Then comes the "Almighty Bruce", the ideal car for Carrei, and the room that was supposed to work; Carrei, after complains about God and how his life stinks, is enabled by God's powers. However, the scenario is purely recycled trash. Now, no matter how badly the script is, Carrei's improvisation itself sometimes makes a funny scene. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrei to be released because so much comedy relies on silly special effects, some of which are just fun. Keri is rarely able to improvise because she has to bypass special effects. The writers obviously thought that all these special effects and superscript sequences were funny, because the rest of the movie is simply a filling that Carrei gives nothing else to work, except for a fierce character that is absolutely no sense of humor. It looks like a five-year longing for our attention, wanting the viewer to find what he's doing funny, when it's really just disturbing. I always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston at 'Friends' and she was great at last year's 'Good Girl'. She also has a comedy gift, but given that the script is linear as much as she is, she is simply given a bit of a bitter girlfriend. It is found to be complaining, sulky, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. 'Almighty Bruce' was supposed to be a comedy that works. But it does not even have the courage to get caught up with the topic being mocked; religion. A few smaller giggles (his internet is Iehveh), but instead turned into a comedy comedy superhero. Not to mention that the tone sometimes changes from stupid to heavy, and even black comedies. The film fails at almost every level. This does not mean that it is completely devoid of laughter, but it is close. Any movie that feels the need to include scenes of a dog that writes to make a laugh has a problem. But, hey, if you think jokes are pissing ridiculous, go to it. <br /> <br />
