When I read the summary of the film, something like that happens when a man gets the power of God, and later learns that the possession of supernatural powers requires enormous responsibility and power, although I was a smart and original concept. Casting also promised, Carrei, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a movie with a good idea and good actors, without mentioning the cost of recording, be bad? Can. The idea is good, but the script itself is terrible. Bruce Nolan is, to be a sincere, quite central journalist, with not so great stories (as a story of a huge cake, what a fake story, and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), He is a man with a job that is completely ZARATI a good journalist, he is a comedian), considering his potentials, with a nice home, sweet sweets and OH HOROR !!! Dog that is not dressed for the house !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce begins to turn to GOd at the beginning of the film, "God, why do you hate me!" way, the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and definitely NOT a man with real problems in life. Most of the troubles that are happening to him are tiny and they are not worth all the noise that he makes, and some of them are actually just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, worth the attention, most people are more aware that Bruce, who does not seem too human, does not seem even realistic, too dumb and neurotic, but God still speaks to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good like God, I can not help but ask what he is doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his power? God in this movie can easily give his power to a 5-year-old kid and hardly any differences. No, wait, a smart kid would probably better use his powers of power than Bruce. What does Bruce do? It pulls the moon closer to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, divides the red soup, raises a beautiful woman's dress on the street, answers to prayers via e-mail and makes it all fills up !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce actually did could end the world, but this does not happen in the movie, because it's a "nice, family, small movie" and it makes no sense at all! No hint of sarcasm, true humor, wit, at least some dirty humor !!! Nothing. Only Carrei plays stupid, which begins to appear pathetic to the actor in the middle ages. Aniston is underestimated here. She plays the pale, underdeveloped career of Bruce's Grace girl and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in a healthy mind would have believed that these two chemists had a chemistry between them. When Grace says the prayer for Bruce sounds not only lame and pathetic, but completely wrong. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the film deserves one. Poor scripts, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as underdeveloped characters and underestimation of Freeman and Aniston's roles, a complete lack of courage and sarcasm, all make a film hard to value ***. All right, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, so we leave three stars.
