I saw this film in its premier week in 1975. I was 13 years old and then I thought it was adequate and a bit fun. Then I came to discover the WORLD Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of old stories about pulp magazines. I had no idea before this was in the doctor's domain, but I quickly became one of the most attractive fans of Doc Savage that you could ever get to know. I read (and still own) all of Bantam's books, I began to go on the comic book counter (along with Star Trek and Doctor Vho and all kinds of geek children's children's events) and I had a wonderful time with every adventure I led with Doc and ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's book - The apocalyptic life of Doc Savage has become a bit of a bible for me, and to this day I have very fond memories of my Doc phase. In that sense, I must admit that this film really missed the boat. It's a movie that did not know what it wants to be when it grew up. The script was infantile and had little similarity to the story of pulp. These stories from the 30s were short and, when looking at Lester Dentov (AKA Kenneth Robeson) for their writing, they broke into PERFECT 3 drama dramas screaming for screen treatment. One would have thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson the helm would turn out better. Elements of fake miss the target, and more serious moments are almost there, but then they fall. It is interesting to see that second-line actors (the guys who were really important players and the stats before this film) were hired, all of which are very well released. Paul Gleason, of course, continued to be a good service player in all aspects of the game, and Bill Lucking is a television perennial. All the others were sadly fired from the map. I want to have a copy of this film because it's the only film version of my hero, but I'm afraid I will not look at how painful it is. I would say 0, but I gave 2 out of 10 instead of one of the directories for a period (Doc's answering machine was in the end a nice touch), and actors of the 3rd stingers got a moment in the sun.
