I dug this up and watched him tonight. I honestly think it's been 20 years since I last saw it. I remember that it was a serious film shortage. I do not remember this OVO bad !!!!! I am absolutely horrified that a project with so much potential should be maltreated so deeply. Who am I to blame for this? The two guys who wrote (and I use this word loose) script? The Casting Directors who so terribly changed at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among "incredible 5".) The director, who apparently refused to take it seriously, continued to push horrible music at the top of bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I loved a thematic song - but it never needed to be used by the whole movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED for some of the songs he wrote for that music? I guess I should draw it out, less than a week after re-reading the adaptation of the comic book. The first 15-20 minutes of the film more or less (really, LESS) is parallel to the first edition of the comic book. As I watched tonight, I was constantly wondering - why EVERY every detail changed? As the doctor appeared, then he opened the safe with the remote control for the wristwatch, and a sniper shot that he missed for 5 inches because the refractive glass was the only thing left. I mean, if you're going to do the "adaptation," WHY to change everything in God's name ??? Once they leave Doc's headquarters, virtually NICE is not like it was in a comic (which, considering Roi Thomas, I think it follows the book.) I read somewhere that they actually combined elements of two different novels into one film ... Again ... WHY? I heard that it was changed because they were not able to provide as many budgets as they wanted. I'm watching a movie, and I think ... THE LACK OF CASH IN NIŠEM explains what I saw on the screen !! <br / > <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, you should really look at this thing. The best I can say is that m Slim that it would be a great double feature with the 1966 BATMAN feature - and probably a big triple account with that and FLASH GORDON in 1980. All three films are "silly." Maybe we can "blame" the film from 1966 (and TV series for this) Some fans have complained that BATMAN Adam Vest has destroyed the image of comics in minds of generations of non-strip fans for years, and I think the same can be said for Hollivood. I recall how really BAD films are based on " classical "characters made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 1970s and early 80s . Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all are "killed" by Hollywood types who think, "Oh, comics! You know it should be STUPID!" More like "stupid". What a loss of potential. Allow me to say some good things ... Despite the script and direction, Ron Eli is EXCELLENT. When I read the DOC SAVAGE story, I do not think of James Bam's picture, I mean Eli. Bill Lucking (who was later regular at A-TEAM) is great. Eldon Kuick (whom I saw somewhere else, but I can not remember where it is) is great. Paul Gleason - I absolutely hated passion and revenge at THE BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like the one who played should be banned to ever go anywhere), maybe the best of "incredible 5" in the movie. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - it's great. Before she left her hair, I realized that she looked like a hell like "Ardala Valmar" from those horrible tapes of John Calkins BUCK ROGERS I just read the other day. He has a big nose like Ardal - just not so pronounced. Ardal's comics looked more like a 1936 movie Princess Aura-- or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your choice. (Ardala actually received a plastic surgery in George Tusk's ribbons - after that, it was amazing!) Paul Vekler, amusing enough, I saw last week in the GET SMART episode. I wonder if he was anything like the character he was supposed to play? I do not know, because this figure was certainly not in the movie from which the film got its title.
