After Vatergate, Vietnam and the dark days of Nikon and Jimmy Carter, the world needed a good old-fashioned actor-hero who took poisonous snakes and criminals in America in 1936 or the Jungle of South America in a series of fantastic adventures in the earthquake. Unfortunately, what was received in 1975 by Doc Savage, a man from the bronze. Maybe it's best to say about the final film of the legendary producer George Pal that he's often beautifully designed, but unfortunately a flat adaptation of the novel by Kenneth Robeson probably had George Lucas and Phil Kaufman leaving the theater and telling each other: "We can to do better than that, "and adding a whip, a fake Fedora and some of the much needed character traits in the mix. Much of the problem is that Doc Savage in many ways is even more difficult to write for Superman ?? a researcher, adventurer, philanthropist, scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed, squalid-impenetrable muscular body of a Greek God (or rather, in the form of TV Tarzan, Ron Eli, a rather boring clarinet Heston here), simply there is nothing he can not do , more harmful, nothing that could hurt him. Man is a virtual incarnation of Hitler's Arian ubermensch (no wonder that DVD is available only in Germany!), Although with all American values. And in case he ever has anything he overlooked (not that he had ever existed), he had none, but five assistants in his escort, (less than) incredible five. I can accept chemists, electricians, and even archaeologists, and I can go even to see a potential need for a civil engineer, but what kind of hero does he bring with him a criminal lawyer on his adventures? In reality, Doc's confidence in the brain is probably added because the hero is so abominably irreplaceable and practically perfect in every way? even the Kryptonite did not want to kill him - it was necessary for someone to be in danger in the stories, although with the exception of Paul Gleason, everyone is so terribly mischievous and exaggerated (as most parts of the movie). I'm happy to kill them all during the opening of the title. Zlikovci disagree better with Paul Vekler, who pours out all the danger from geography professor as captain Seas, Scott Valker (not, different) who delivers one of the worst accents in cinema (whether Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or some nationality that no one has heard of?) While Marilyn Monroe-ish stupid blonde Robin Hilton gives Paris (it does not matter) a race for their money in unbalanced bimbo roles. Even with these disadvantages, this should have been much better than considering the different ingredients? a lost pool, a golden pool, a battleship battle, and a deadly revenge poison, wrapped in a quest to discover why Doc's father was killed. Unfortunately, this is a question of tone: the sixties and seventies superheroids of the pulp were not meant to fall in line with the latest action scenes and special effects, but were treated as slightly comic figures of low-budget camp-based entertainment with action scenes. he picked up the cheap almost as a post-thought, films that were intended solely for the Matinee market: you know, for children. For a long time there were rumors that the original cut was flat? and of course, much of the camp's value was added to post-production, whether it was Colgate's view in Doc's eye, comic inscriptions identifying different styles of battle in final prayers with Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho verses John Philip. Sousine Patriotic Marches? but a lot of it was in the movie. After all, it's hard to see how one of the subordinates of the villain who telephoned the huge swing ever was conceived as anything but a joke that falls flat, while Doc's explanation of Pamela Hensley about why she never leaves girls can be a scene written for Batman Adam Vesta . Instead, the most amusing moments are usually unintentional, as the doctor showed his sixth sense by bobbing his Adam's apple. Perhaps the even bigger problem is that, although promising on paper, the action is handling in an almost irresistible way, whether it is in the pursuit of a homemade killer on the roofs of New York skyscrapers or to escape from the yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning concept of the animated glittering green snakes that circulate through the air until the poison of its victims fails to drive enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: after demonstrating his own inviolability of several scenes before, Doc manages to send them with more than a chair and an electric fan simple pulling curtains on them. However, apart from Doc's various vehicles, all of which are labeled with his logo and look more like bronze plastics, the production design is often pretty handsome even if it is obvious that LA stands in New York, while film production Fred Koenekamp ensures that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of its time on the story of origin, although it is suspected that Doc has grown out of the weakness of Zeus itself. It's a movie that I would love to love more, but it seems to me that it's 100 minutes of lost opportunities. No wonder Doc's Savage, The Arch Enemi of Evil, the continuation that he had so optimally promised at the end of the loan, never happened.
