I was lucky to meet George Pal (and I still have my DS: TMOB signed poster) at the convention soon after publication, and asked him why he chose the movie "Camp". Before he managed to answer, the two studio flips met and held a lecture on how the studio "knows best" and how "no one will seriously grasp such a film." I read Bantam reprint for a couple of years thanks to my friend (ComiCon attendees of the 70s will remember Blackhawk and his band? I was in a couple of years with it), and I had more hope than we got. Flacks insisted that no great adventure would ever be seriously made, so the "camp" was the only way. Several other fans jumped on my side, with Pale listening as best he could. At the end of a small event, Pal came to us and apologized, wishing he could do more and better. STAR VARS was lying to lie, and a year after Pal's death, Spielberg and Lucas proved that Doc Savage could easily have been the next major movie franchise ... that there were no flacks. Take away the memory or the history of Doc, and the movie would have been worth 6/10 ratings as nothing more than a meaningless popcorn seller. But the destruction of heritage like this is nothing less than disgust than killing babies in bed. Dr. Savage can still come to the screen and survive inevitable comparisons with poorly-informed Indian Jones, but this should have been done seriously and seriously to bring back the glory that we can expect from the First American Superhero. SIDENOTES: Yes, there was another scenario for ARCHENEMI OF EVIL, which is much more serious. Yes, there were simultaneous recordings, but mostly there were footage and very few with the actors. And, yes, there is a leaf of Ron Elli jumping over a brick wall and blowing something over his shoulders with a specially built bronze pistol. Eli wears a fabric over a button on a white shirt with a bronze tie, and the words "DOC SAVAGE: ARCHENEMI OF EVIL ... Coming Nekt Summer!" POSTSCRIPT: If anyone knows who the studio flashes followed by George Pal in 1975 in San Diego at the convention, he hits the idiot with his head and calls them the idiot who they are. At that time, they worked dockknobs and Fu Manchu in strips and baggy canvasses, and wore portfolios of Paramount.
