When Ben (Red Fokk) reveals that his wife Beatrice (Pearl Bailei) escaped with her brother, he was chasing his son Norman (Michael Varren) to unload his story of misery - only to discover that Norman had a secret lover: Female Garson Needless to say, Ben does not understand it well, and numerous complications followed - including Ben's attempt to force Norman to be homosexual by fixing it with a whore (Tammy Dobson). The movie sounds much more fun than the film itself. Originally written for the theater Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick, NORMAN ... IS THAT? was an absolute catastrophe on stage in New York. In order to give the show its merit, I actually saw it as a set design from the 1970s, and nobody would have blamed that it was nothing but a shallow farce. to be pretty entertaining. It's a pity that the actors of this film did not do the same. This is a terribly performed movie picture. Red Fokk, one of the 20th century's most comic comics, is ridiculous here as yesterday's wash, Michael Varren (who later appeared on the television series HILL STREET BLUES for a much better effect) competes with Fokka to see who can give the worst performance, and Pearl Bailey is not far behind; It's true that only Dennis Duggan, Tammy Dobson, and the comedy of Wyatt Flovers have spark - and unfortunately, it's only compared to the rest of the actors. Not only is the film badly performed, it looks bad. According to the film tradition, this was the first attempt at a big screen to shoot in a video cassette, which was then transferred to the celluloid for the project's needs - and believe me, it shows. The film looked like a bad comedy from the 1970s, all the way to the colored horizon seen through the windows of Norman and Garrison's apartment. Some movies are so bad to become ridiculous, but NORMAN ... IS THAT? is not one of them. I can summarize my reaction to this film in two words: miss it. Do not buy it, do not rent it, do not touch it with a ten foot staircase. Move slowly and then run like hell. Garry F. Tailor, or GFT, Amazon Reviever
