There's nothing incredible about 'The Amazing Mr Villiams'. Part of the problem of this film is his main actor Melvin Douglas. He was a bad actor and lazy with him. During much of his career, he allowed good looks, smooth behavior and (usually, but not in this film) a fine script that compensated for the lack of acting skills. I did not like Daglas like an actor before I knew something about him as a person; I learned enough about him to know that I also despise his policy. I give Melvin Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes were produced by an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. step down! 'The Amazing Mr Villiams' is allegedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a civilian detective in the murder department, Kenny Villiams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they were called by Kenneth Villiams ... well, what a handbag. The whole city is in panic because a serial killer kills women. No motive was given for this; He just loves to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Villiams on the carpet to explain his failure to catch the killer. Cheap, vulgar, unalloyed and unattractive Joan Blondel plays the mayor's secretary. (It does not sound enough in writing to send a letter, much less of a type.) Blondell and Douglas argue like a cat and a dog, so it's obvious they will end up together. At the lowest point of this film, Melvin Douglas decides to take the killer dressing up as a woman. You do not want to see Melvin Douglas! He has over six feet, and he does not even erase those boring mustaches. Similarly, Villiam Povell was an actor of a very similar type like Melvin Douglas (but much more talented). When Povell disguised himself as a wife in Craza Love, he had the integrity to wipe his mustache: a true victim, since Povell had to grow again for his next role. But Melvin Douglas does not bring anything into his role in this film, even a razor. He plays his drama with the same boring smile that he used during most of his career. 30s so wonderful. Edward Brophi is brilliant here, touching and hilarious as a criminal who gets a little likely break from his life sentence. The Dispepticist Donald MacBride is as good as a policeman who confuses himself with a murderer and is almost a mafia-guided person. Ruth Donnelli is great: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show her talents away from her usual orbits on the background of the Varner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and Dave Villock are fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I do not usually like) is good here too. Very unpleasant Maude Eburne gets a little screen; I always despise it, and it gives the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences enjoy Eburne's performance in one place, for reasons I can not understand. If you are familiar with Hollywood actors from the 1930s and the roles they played, one look at the IMDb list will tell you who the killer is. That's a problem with 'The Amazing Mr Viliams': everything is too obvious. I will evaluate this film 2 points from 10.
