Even if you are a great Sandler fan, do not bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it must be at least half decent because my man Sandler is in it, and because I assumed that some women would get naked (judging by R-rating and scarce-dressed women on the covers) . Well, there are very few modestly dressed women, but none of them are removed. I'm not sure what that is in Sandler's career, but I suppose it was even before his SNL day. I can make a mistake. This is like watching one of his home movies. He could look at a movie like this one and remember the good times ... but we (the audience) let it dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot about the camera and even acknowledges at one point that this is a film without a budget (that's right, not a low-budget film, a film with a NE budget). So, our job is to a large extent laughing AT strange characters. There is no continuous plot, it's like an expanded sketch of comedy - but rough and badly written. That guy who played the nasty comic was completely boring and at first glance it was incredible that he would receive such a mass audience. And Sandler finds her comic inspiration in the classical line of Henry Ioungman "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I will not even try to make any logic. Of course, Sandler's current and newer movies are not known for having much sense (the penguin in Billy Madison, the dwarf in Happi Gilmore's Happi Place), but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur work, and even if you're curious about Adam's early days in the movie - you will still not be interested. It's better to check his start on the SNL or perhaps his underrated role in "Miked Nuts." Of course, Sandman is not the only actor who is lost in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also has a short appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") plays a supporting role and Big Burt Young (from "Rocka" films) plays a significant role. This terrible comedy will most likely collect dust at the 99-center part of your local video store - and that's right. My score: 3 (out of 10)
