Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope this film tragedy creates a real reaction against their crap, despite the good return of the cashier. If you are a person from the industry who reads our comments asking for advice on what to do, STOP. Stop making our TV shows in these repulsive, stupid, exhausting films of the time that are coming down. That way you prove one thing: Hollivood is beyond the idea, and watching movies that extract just extends the cycle of disgust. What's next - You're going to go and destroy the Bionic man? The film is simply wrong, and it succeeds in getting the dumbest, simple fact that the performance is totally inaccurate in forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Vopat & John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMED * moonshiners. They were arrested, they learned the lesson, went straight, and they were there to help people and to be good neighbors who accidentally fired dynamically from hunting ports and driving like Steve McKueen. Uncle Denise Pile, Jesse, was also a moral center of the family, always insisting that boys do good, even at their own expense or shame, while making sandwiches and coffee for work done. They always did the right thing and had some sort of serious naivety about them that was pretty attractive. We wanted to be more like them, as we were. My favorite trick from the show was that they always tied the seatbelts before they were echoed, which was obviously too morally for this movie. Turning the Duke's family into a leering, wise, criminal mind, redneck baiting, misogynistic losers, the film does not have a moral attitude, where the show was about how much the Dukes were honest or unbelievable - Did the Duke soldiers in Should this movie be good guys? I wanted them both to hit their nose. They seem to have a lot of free time on their hands that can be spent on housework at the farm and end up looking for less than noble goals if they do not act like a pair of 14-year-old boys who have not grown up. Marijuana should not be used, so that it does not look at the fat, stingy pupils and their breasts, without manganese that include brothers in Hood. It all looks like the work of a marketing consultant who conducted a shopping center survey of what 14-year-old boys like to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys can not remember the show, IMHO should also not watch this movie, and parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be scandalized by what writers, directors and producers did for our collective memories just to it separates us from our money, which is exactly what I feel. What did they think? A boy is * EVER * wrong Daisi. Jessica Simpson is all like that whore Pamela Anderson may be the only reason someone sees this shame, but you can well serve your needs and take some of her promotional photos and print them to the wall in the toilet. It's hardly anything in the movie (which is the only savings of the movie), and the ten minutes it was used was still excessive. Daisy of Catherine Bach may have had the same kind of short trousers and long legs that made people feel funny watching her, but Daisy she played was * PERSON *. The cracks caused by simply being the one that had almost a natural ring. She is still one of the most unusual sexy icons of pop culture ever created, but someone was at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person who could not help if the men left Him. On the contrary, Jessica Simpson looks fake, fictitious, fictitious, costed, positioned, far, boring, not in place, and I do not think she even looks so great in clothes. It does not resemble a person, but on a plotting device, involved in an arrangement with someone who represents her agent. Mrs. Simpson would be advised to immediately release that person and pretend that the whole thing never happened. Whatever the joke, she is not in this and is shamefully used for T & A. If that's all he wants from his career, the executive will produce a sequel, at least just to secure enough time for the screen, because this effort was just pathetic. For the price of two cards and slurpea, you can go to one of the great collection of original DVD sets on DVD and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the movie could be its future use as a testing tool in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this and sing chorus. 1/10, and I really mean it. AND STAY GOOD BY BIONIC MAN.
