In Hazzard County, Georgia, relatives Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knokville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run their uncle Jesse (Villie Nelson) while evading local authorities, Boss Hog (Burt Reinolds). Their problems with the boss are just starting because they find out that he was planning to take down the city because of the valuable mines beneath it. I've never seen a TV show and after watching a movie, I will not start soon. I love a stupid comedy, but this did not laugh much. It was a pretty boring picture with the first hour when it was difficult to pass. The second part was a bit better, but this film was still a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. The characters were not really interesting at all, and the actors who were showing them did not do a good job. The performance was not very good. I did not expect it to be good, but none of the tracks was very funny. Seann Villiam Scott and Johnny Knokville give results below average. The latter was pretty good as Stifler, but he is trying too hard. This other looks just to look for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, nor is she known for her singing. She is well-known for having her own real-life sho and pronouncing really stupid things. She is beautiful, but she is a bad actor. It does not matter because it does not actually appear in the movie, and the character that plays is not complex or anything. Villie Nelson also plays a minor role and he does nothing special. The script was written by John O'Brien and made two films before Duches Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The other was Starsky and Hutch, who was pretty fun. He does not do a good job, even though the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few more things to make this film better. The movie is also quite long for comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not long, but it feels much longer because it has a bit of humor in the first hour. I think comedies should be short, otherwise they must find a lot of materials to cover the whole work. Dukes of Hazzard hardly have enough ridiculous scales to hold him thirty minutes, let alone 106 minutes. Car Sequences are average and do not keep an already upset movie. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard can address a few people, but most people will probably find it boring and it's better to skip it. Rating 4/10
