It seems that the film processing of old television shows in Hollywood these days is a norm, but this disrespect, toilet humor, not-your-kiss-your-mother-with-mouth-ugly tongue, capture is the obvious middle finger to all Dukes Hazzard fans and north and south of the Mason-Dicon line. From the introductory sequences Bo and Luke Duke, who made the moonshine for Uncle Jesse (without the shine that will appear in the show because boys would return to jail as a suspended sentence) to the final set of uncle Jesse who smoked grass with Governor Georgia (Uncle Jesse was a moral compass despite his earlier paths) this disappointing loss of the film is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents I saw standing up and removed the children from the theater in the first 15 minutes of the film when they realized that they were terribly deceived. The original princes of Hazzard were a family shov with basic moral values. The original princes of Hazzard were safe for the children, Hemi was powered, showed the party that parents did not have to worry that children would learn the seven words of George Carlin. I have read reviews that say the performance and film are just racist. That could be true about the movie. These obligations are absolutely inaccurate in terms of emissions. The emission was, if nothing else, about how to get along and to be friends with anyone. Hollywood finally came out openly of his contempt for those of us, Yankees, Rebels, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and do the right thing even if it's not a popular thing. Hollywood finally came to see his conviction that they are in our heart a stupid, uneducated beer, an ugly voice, a garbage that will buy every piece of garbage they are willing to sell. Prove Hollywood elitism to be wrong. DO NOT SEE THIS FILM. Boycott sponsors. Fill out the Varner Bros. e-mail and mailboxes. with complaints that we do not appreciate destroying one of the biggest TV shows of all time. Save your money and buy DVD's original shows, but what do you do? DO NOT SEE THIS FILM
