Somewhere in 1998, Shaban acquired the right to produce a completely new series of Ninja Turtles live-action. Of course, as a fan of TMNT, this obviously led to the greatest interest. When I started watching the show ... to say that I was disappointed with the end result is a underestimation. A bit later (more recently), I got a chance to look again at the series. First, let's talk about some positives. They managed to recreate the turtle's lair, as it was last seen in movies quite well given the limited budget they entered. There is a tendency to achieve this darker atmosphere in terms of sets and the like. And turtles of suits, although not the biggest puppeteer and what they are, were functional and looked pretty solid for most of the things that will follow in the series. People often complain of being released Freed quickly and replaced it with original villains that could easily be used in the show Pover Rangers. But you can get Shredder only so many times before it becomes boring and undermines its value as a criminal ... and in addition, most fans do not understand or do not remember or simply ignore the fact that in the original comic book, Shredder was rejected in the first edition! Regardless of the countless resurrection that would follow. So, from a personal point of view, I was kind of pleased that they were solved by Shredder, because then expectation would have been built to the extent that they would eventually be returned to the later episode. I think that Shredder works best in small quantities, because his encounters with Turtles are even more memorable. Unfortunately, they eventually replace him with the original villains who, as they said, were more suited to the "Power Rangers" than "Ninja Turtles". And with this new generic wizard magicians comes a new female tortoise with magical will, the notorious Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I've never been comfortable. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I am just against the idea of ​​who uses magic and thus runs like a painful scene among the clutches of ninja turtles that look a little out of their domain. I almost got the impression that it could easily have been Venus De Milo's issue that dealt with its enemies, and TMNT is just there to give the strength of the star (or whatever is left with regard to the time frame that has been published). Luckily, they all share reflectors together. The next mutation was ready after the season in the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the time and maybe another season, I really believe that this live iteration of TMNT could be something and you might have got a chance for size. But while the idea was healthy, execution was flawed (although there are several good episodes in this series). As it stands now, Nekt Mutation is one of those strangeness in Turtledom which is best left to be buried and forgotten.
