Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, '1909. The dawn of modern medical science 'to be accurate. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of rejuvenation of living tissue experiments, dr. Hackenstein manages to bring to life a live dog who confirmed that he had managed to bring the dead to life ... "Three years later" and Dean Slesinger (Michael Ensign) is about Doc's house for dinner. While Dean Slesinger & Dr. Hackenstein eating talk about Hackenstein's experiments to which Dean Slesinger has always been against, dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his lab in the attic where he holds the cut head of his wife, Sheila (Silvia Lee Baker), who died. in an accident and can telepathically talk to him (Kristi Botkin obviously gives Sheila a voice). Doctor Hakenštajn also shows Dean Šlesinger, chickens in the skin running around in a cage and explains that the process that has developed, Shiloh come back to life. The dean has some kind of attack and obviously dies. Meanwhile sister Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dianne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cok) and their brother Alec (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) riding next Hackensteinove home when they break down, seeking shelter and assistance to Come on the Hackenstein threshold. Dr. Hackenstein invites four stranded passengers to stay overnight. Later dr. Hackenstein visited by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsei) and Rubi Rhodes (Ann Ramsei) who delivered a male body when Hackenstein actually be female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is a genius who decides not to spend the chance of having three young beautiful specimens and begins to 'borrow' the pieces he needs to complete Sheila ... Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by foreign dr. Hackenstein, I will immediately say that it is not great for any great imagination, but for what I really liked it actually. It moves at a reasonable speed, even if it has a tendency to pull back a little while in the middle while things cool down. The script attempts to mix humorous humor as a scene when dr. Hackenstein is trying to curb Melanie and she is trying to get the attention of her deaf housewife Iolande Simpson (Catherine Cahn), throwing out Hackenstein as Melanie holds behind Ioland's back, who seems to be unaware of what's going on, with a dose up, but I would say that . There are some unpleasant punks and sexual insinuations that are always good for laughter, Dr. Hackenstein Wendy "Would you like to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought that the scene when Mrs. Trilling (Phillis Diller) reporting her missing daughter to detective Olin (Villiam Schreiner) was a pretty funny series that circulated in a conversation about why she was not looking for them, although she just said, why not in the cell the prisoner, and that if he does not find a relative, he does not care about it. None of this is ridiculous-loud, but I must admit that I smiled occasionally and found the film as a whole to be quietly amusing. There is not much coverage on the screen, several cut limbs, Sheila's cut off head, some medical seams, and those leather animals that are definitely fake. And the characters of dr. I liked Hackenstein, which was a surprise in itself. Acting is not brilliant, but everyone needs to put a little effort into it, a lot of exaggerated facial movements and some serious overload means that you never get bored, but three birds in Dr. Hackenstein is appropriate if you know what I mean. Technically, the film is also OK, one more will not win the Oscar, but I have to give the filmmakers at least a little credit for the attempt to withdraw the item period century. It does not always work, clothes are sometimes inconsistent, girls look like those from Victorian England, while boys look as if they are from the west. The house looks like all the filmmakers have removed all the modern object from the room and put some candles there! It appears as a bit on the cheap side, but it's not really a bad movie that's thinking at all. I could do it without a comedy. Overall, in the end, I enjoyed Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought I would, although this was not in itself a recommendation. This is certainly not the best comedy horror movie ever made and certainly not the worst. Just watching a piece of harmless fun.
