Obviously there is a good reason why I have never heard of Dr. Hackenstein before me and a couple of colleagues have accidentally come to this and have decided stupidly to give him a chance. That's the reason: shit! It's a very meaningless, boring, imbecile, and completely inconspicuous comedy / parody. In fact, to be honest, I'm not even sure if it meant it as a comedy, because sometimes the script is taken quite seriously and is really trying to be really ambitious and original horror in the late 80's. In 1909, in the embrace of a new era in medical science according to the introductory sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women? no more no less ?? to restore his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. She is now only a living head that is now left, but stupid bodyguards provide only male corpses. When dr. Hackenstein shouted: "I need three women's bodies to get my wife back," his words are not even cold, and there are three young women (and one really boring little girl) miraculously appearing with problems with the cars that appear in his doorstep. Why does this never happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy beloved women to fill up my empty harem !!!" ?? You see, nothing! In any case, a good doctor sees his desire fulfilled, but unfortunately? for science that is ?? develops sympathies for one of three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame movie that attempts to cash in on the success of "Re-Animator" and even apparently steals some comic aspects of the classic, as a cut-off one-liner head. It's easy to understand why this film is not mentioned anywhere, because it does not attract fans either from horror or from the genre of comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly the loud speaker of the Ruby woman's grave; screened by anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey. People in the 80s will be remembered by Ves Craven's "Deadly Friend", where she played a filthy old neighbor who was shot with a basketball head. "Dr Hackenstein" is allegedly taking place in the early 1900s, but there is almost no attempt to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps for some cars). Laboratory dr. Hackenstein is a fairly cliche set of the '80s, with all kinds of smoked boilers and tubes full of fluorescent colors.
