I'm not sure why I love Dolph Lundgren. I guess watching me on the screen makes me feel that anyone who is working hard can succeed regardless of talent. It's a good feeling for all of us who do not have talent. Some of the other reviews indicate that it is a stupid deterrent, but many ignore pointing to positive results. Any movie in which at least one unpleasant teenager can die can not be bad. Why are so many movies that play the role of teenagers always include stereotypical teenagers? Are not there any other types of teenagers? Does every group of teenagers have one angry blacksmith? One genius nobody likes? One girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) pregnant? An upset antisocial white kid from a broken home that everyone agrees is talented (but who is talent?). And one relaxed black kid who is in harmony with the Universe and so cool that all other neurotic children believe him. Then add some generic consumer teenagers of any color. They do not say much, but they shot at some point. The detention would have been better if the bad guys got into the air school. Possibly with the writers inside. The dialogue is bad, and the plot is worse. When the bad guys (and the girl) finally take away a van full of drugs, then they sit in the van. They drive a van into school because they want to paint the van again at the school for painting, but they never go back to paint the van again. By the way, it would be easier to put all drugs into another car or two cars or another van or truck and take them away without having to pick up a police van. They also never move drugs, sell them, or do anything else with a big result. For some reason, they decide to kill children and teachers (Dolph Lundgren), although when criminals take over school, nobody is aware of it because after school hours. A few people still have nothing to do with painting the school, so why go for them? In any case, the best part of this film is that all the villains are armed with numerous machine guns, and they constantly find teens (including wheelchairs) and continue to shoot hundreds of bullets in a teenager and usually miss. There are some bloodshed in front of the film. Every time someone gets shot, at least three hundred bullets have to be fired. Stops are pretty bad. I read one of the reviews that says this film had a budget of $ 10 million, and I'm stunned. When I saw a movie I realized, he might have done it as a kind of charity work for a film school in which he is a teacher. Perhaps this film was their exam at the end of the year. It was a test to watch it, but I passed.
