Version of "The Haunting" from 1963 was one of my favorite horror movies for years, so I expect the publication of this remake of the 1999 with a lot of fears. It did not seem that any tracking could be larger or even equal to the original masterpiece. Unfortunately, my concerns were well founded: this film smells. I do not know what people who were involved in this film were thinking. Jan De Bont, who looked like he had an accident when he directed the excellent "speed", it seems wrong here (or maybe worse) as it did with many excessive mulberry trees "Twister" and "Speed ​​2: Cruise Control" . "Hey Jan, you're holding a cinema, will you?" Liam Neeson is adequate in his role as a pretending-to-sleep-psychologist - I do not think he is capable of turning himself into a really bad performance - but he can not even Catherine Zeta Jones once again proves (as she did in "Entrapment") that she lacked the actor's ability to climb over the material she was handed in. Women's leadership, who perfectly performed the episode "Dossiers Ks, "seems to be lost here as Eleanor, insomnia floating on the edge of health og reason. And that blue guy, whoever he is, Drvenija of funny bizarre statue of children carved in windows around the house. I do not think changing the phrase once during the entire film. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER SURRENDER) < br /> <br /> the reason why the first film worked so well is because we were never sure if the house was really haunted or events were the result of Eleanorinog precarious mental state. the original does not see ghosts, leaving much to the imagination - a feature of other major horror films such as The Changeling and The Blair Vitch Pro ject ". In this updated version, of course, we get tons of CGI ghosts, which basically (faced with a bad scenario / complication) make the movie completely undesirable. F / k are not so big, since they were done by ILM. Frozen breath looks particularly fake. The effects of Peter Jackson's underrated film The Frighteners, which I saw before this, were much better. The wooden carving of children, which should look creepy, just look stupid (especially when screaming), and CGI monsters have nothing to write home. Instead of providing relief from bad acting, bad direction and bad writing, the effects only contribute to this film confusion. <Br /> <br /> Some particularly stupid scenes: When three other character penetrate into Eleanor's bedroom, and none of them are not at all surprised when he found a huge mrgodnog demons hovering over the bed. The scene in which Eleanor sees "the former lady of a house hanging from horns ... the acting here is particularly bad. And last but not least, unintentionally hilarious piece of wood in which the blond guy pronounce uninspired shout about what you should be sick, jump on a piece of furniture, and began to cut the image of the old, bad guy who has built a house. We are actually getting pleasure in this scene, such as seconds after the attack, Blond Gui is dragged to the fireplace by the old guy and immediately cuts his head through the chimney. It was the only part of the film I enjoyed. All in all, hold on to the original "The Haunting" of 1963. 3/10 stars.
