As viewers react to this new "adaptation" of Shirley Jackson's book, which was promoted as NOT remake of the original 1963 movie (fairly true), it's based, I suppose, on the following: those who both loved the book or the original movie will not think much about To this ... and to those who have never been exposed to it, and who are great fans of Hollywood's current trend of "special effects" as the first and last word in that "good" movie, he will love it. Things I did not like in this adaptation: 1. It was NOT a real adaptation of the book. From the articles I read, this film should have included other aspects of the book to which it never came first. And, it seemed reasonable, no movie can cover the word for word unless it is STANDA length! (And even then) But in the film there were things that were never mentioned or even suggested in the film. He reminded me of the way they decided to kill the blacks in the original movie version THE SHINING. I did not like it either. What the film story should say is ... "We got a basic, very basic idea from Shirley Jackson's book, we kept the same house names and several (though not all) names of the leading character, but then we decided to write our story, and what we are, we first looked at CHANGELING, SHINING and GHOST, and we decided to drop them a little. "2. They completely lost the theme of a paraphysician who called the carefully selected guest who had brushes in the past with paranormals, to explore a house that really seemed "bad". No, instead, this "doctor" brought everything into the house under a false threat to study their "insomnia" (he actually urged them to scare them to death and then see how they reacted to their fear ... like laboratory rats, for whom he mentioned that they never said they were part of the experiment ... a nice guy). By the way, this doctor, who did not have the same name, was different from a dedicated original film professional as the night of the day. 3. Contrary to the claim that was used to promote both films "some houses were born poorly", this house was not born bad, but it became bad because of what happened there ... and this time , Nel reveals the mystery (CHANGELING nuances). The only problem was, the so-called mystery was so inconsistently said that I'm sure that there was a mystery for the majority of the audience ... but then there was no mystery in the first place (not in a book) because the house was bad. His first "victim" died before she looked. 4. The way the character of Luke was displayed was absolutely ridiculous. He should have been a noble player who inherited the house one day (and he was a real skeptic in his "history") ... and this was just a loud voice, a messy stupid man who could not sleep. insomnia recalls) and was a compulsive liar. 5. I was also disturbed by the way in which the movie jumped out of almost an attempt to reconstruct the original scene from word for word (scene with Nelly's sister's family, and little introductory speech by Mrs. Dudley ...) I went to the fancy flights because of which I thought more than other films than THE HAUNTING. It was like she could not decide what she wanted. 6. I missed Nel's story through the whole movie. The original was like a Gothic novel in the way that the story was most often told in the first person, over Nel's eyes, and we were always familiar with her thoughts. This completely unique touch is completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nela do much more heroin. The original Nel was not a bad person, but she was a bitter person (could she have been different after she sacrificed a selfish old woman and a defiant sister for 11 years?) And she loved to cry and she lost her nerves. This was too good to be true. This has never been more obvious than at the height of the film in which the author obviously watched GHOST too many times. 7. Too many have changed the history of the house and its tenants. There was no Abigail Crain (daughter Hugh whose legend was large in the original version), there was no "escort", and there was no nursery. There were no "Grace" (the wife of the original doctor) and Hugh Crane's wife died in completely different ways. These changes have changed the story too much. I do not know if the producers of this film should be satisfied. Shirley Jackson is no longer walking this country, or should you ... BEING SORRY (if you get my drift with !!!). In conclusion, let me leave you with a few words from the original Luke (proper replacement of the word "house" for the "movie"!): "This" movie "should be burned to the ground, and the earth spilled salt! "My favorite movie of all time remains like that. No competition from this.
