Somewhere in his book on the fiction of DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests that one secret is the writing of scary stories to avoid showing to your readers exactly what is terrible waiting for the door to catch them. If the door finally opens and the bug goes long ten meters long, the reader may be a little scared, but he will also think: "Well, I can deal with it." There is nothing more horrible than what lies, unseen and unknown, just on the other side of those closed doors, waiting to bring you. HAUNTING is so completely misunderstood that the director Jan De Bont is more or less running his movie metaphorically opening the door itself and yelling: "Look, everyone, look! It's a ten meter high bug! Is not it STARKO?! " The law of declining returns immediately appears. To the end of the film, the director is, so to speak, jump up and down, crazy bangs his CGI pots and pots, and screams scream: "Look, everyone, look! Ten hundred feet high insects! ... And now, here are hundreds of thousands high insects! "The filmmakers obviously believed that only special effects can compensate for all the other flaws in this venture (and there are many). I can not and can not. In fact, impressive as they are, special effects are so persistent and intrusive that the distracted spectator enters into them, either in admiration or disturbance - instead of being immersed in the story. For me, the overture of this stupid stupidity of the film comes when the statue, with the "blood" that comes out of its mouth, tries to drown Liam Neeson (like Dr. Marrow) in the fountain. The filmmakers obviously did not know what to do with this supposed idea when they had it, so that Neeson only squeezed a little into the water, fluttering his hands and crossing glugglug. In the next scene, a good doctor obviously dried himself up, and he dared, forgot about a boring incident. It seems that Shirley Jackson's novel was suppressed in this ridiculous script of low-intelligent teens boards who thought it was a way to scare people to make each effect bigger and louder: "Okay, then, Come on, uh, to make the ceiling, you know, it looks like a creepy face, and, uh, she went down to her ... and all those big things, like, they caught her in bed. "The only rescuer The mercy of HAUNTING is that it finally gets so scary that it's actually funny. At the time Owen Wilson (like Luke Sanderson) fell to the floor and then went to her Magic-Carpet Ride O 'Death, I just fell to the floor, laughing. Badly designed, careless, grotesque heavy hand, extremely incredible and filled with clumsy dialogue and pointless scenes, this empty HAUNTING is a textbook example of how we can not make a horror movie.
