Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great story about ghosts, that's perfection on the movie. It's a damn tale of 4 people entering the haunted house and a simple trick of sound and movement that scare people. It still remains in effect until now, if you appreciate the film. When The Haunting was rebuilt in 1999, many people had the same reaction "WHAT? WHY? WHAT?" But, in my opinion, if the remake is sufficiently respected and just wants to re-invent the story for a new generation, I'm pretty cool with that. This is definitely not the case, is it just a disregard for boring shame that will waste time and guarantee that fear will not come out? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? Not very obvious. When her mother dies, and her sister throws out, Nell gets a phone call, telling her about an ad for a study of insomnia led by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, an isolated estate. Upon arrival, Nell meets the gentleman and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of guards who do not remain on the property after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other participants in the studio arrived, wild Theo and Luke Sanderson's "bad sleeper" along with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to participants, the true purpose of Dr. Marrow is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, chain door guards in front of the Hill house, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until the morning, when the guards open the lock. Hill House has no work phones, and the closest city is a few miles away. Dr. Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built a house for his wife, hoping to fill up with a large family of full-grown children, but all of Crain's children died during childbirth. Crain's wife was killed before the house was finished, and Crain became a desert. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience an unusual appearance in the house, including strange sounds and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell faces the main hallway vandalized by the words "Velcome Home, Eleanor", and becomes extremely upset, trying to prove that the house is being chased by the souls of those who are victims of Krain's cruelty. He learns that Crain has built up his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor and killing them when they no longer benefit him. He then burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide any evidence. She also finds out that Crain had another woman named Carolin, of whom Nell sank. Everyone thinks it's crazy, while Nell is convinced that it belongs to her. Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and meaningless. Not to mention the actress Nell acted, Lily Tailor completely upset me, her appearance, her appearance, just about everything, do not start with the things I would do just to not see her again. Catherine Zeta Jones did not fit into her role, and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, once again lost his talent. The effects are overly complicated and I can not believe that this group would destroy a wonderful classic. Believe me, if you are afraid of something, be afraid to see how you can turn a great story about ghosts into a boring piece of exaggerated nonsense. This movie already hurts me, I just do not see it, it's bad. 1/10
