For anyone who saw and fell in love with the scenic music of A CHORUS LINE, the movie is a poor substitute. Not only were the songs cut out, but also unnecessary complications, new choreographies of dance sequences were added, and we are confronted with that, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to record dancers. It was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of powerful, realistic realism that led you to feel for these "boys" and "girls". The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: the actors seem to be listening to auditions for CHORUS LINE, not for audition. Every move, every line of dialogue seems so difficult and planned; Michael Douglas, especially since Zach has too much control for us to believe that he is an extremely fearless choreographer. Even when throwing your temperate anger, you never trust him because every gesture, every pronounced word, every nuance is obviously trained. And as far as it is concerned, Kevin Kline was auditioning for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett liked his reading, but Kline could not play and eventually lost his role. How would I like to do the same for Douglas? CHORUS LINE should be a play on anyone, despite several recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, such as Sheila and Khandi Alekander, TVRadio TV, as one of many dancers on audition) should not know any of the these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his wandering instead of girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. It's really sad that the best sequence in the series (Montage: Hello Tvelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make room for a terrible new song called "Surprise, Surprise", which surprisingly got the nomination on the Oscars. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and tragically boring choreography - you wonder why they tried to film the movie at all if they were so messed with the working formula. For fans of the musical theater and those who enjoyed the scenic version, this movie is sadly a mockery of everything they loved and loved. For those who have never seen the original production, whether on Broadway or on a tour, this film is the only reference it will have to pass. And he will have to wonder how it became the longest musical in Broadway's history - until a small concert called CATS was taken over by the late nineties. But that's another story, and do not even run me.
