Broadway musical, "A Chorus Line" is perhaps the best musical in the theater. These are the experiences of people living for dance; the joys they experience, and the sacrifices they make. Every dancer is auditioning for parts at the Broadway circuit, but what comes out of each one is the story of how their lives led them to dance as a break. The film version, however, does not capture any passion or beauty of stage performance, and is probably the worst adaptation of Broadway musical because it is lifeless and deprived of any love for dance, anyway. The biggest mistake was made in giving directorship to Sir Richard Attenborough, whose direction only provided a real touch and a walk for "Gandhi". Why would anyone in his healthy mind ask an epic director to direct a musical that takes place in a rather limited place? What brings us to the next problem. "A Chorus Line" takes place on the stage in the theater without real sets and limited bone changes. It is the smallest colorful Broadway musical, and its simplicity was its glory. However, this can not be translated into the movie well, and nobody thought it would do it. For this reason, the film should take us to the lives of these dancers and should have left the process of theater and audition. Singers could offer their songs in other places, and even offered memories of their first ballet, jazz or competition. Hell, they could dance down Broadway in their lively fantasies. However, no piece of imagination did not enter into the creation of this film, since Attenborough's complete indifference to dance and the play itself is visible in its inadequate direction. tells the director (Michael Douglas) whether he wants to hear them or not. Douglas's character is hilarious in his choice to provide a compassionate ear and to whom he is not patient. As the filmmakers pretended to be faithful to the nature of the show, some heretical changes were made. The very nice "Hello Tvelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love" - ​​the deadly number of stage that returned the dancers to adolescence - was removed and replaced by a terrible, "surprise", a song that is so badly nominated for Oscar. Adding insult to injury, "Surprise" simply recounts the same story as "Hello, Love", but without wit or patos. There is no reason to look at this movie if you do not want a lesson where NO when you broadcast Broadway's show on the movie. If you want to see the movie version of this show, the next closest thing is the great Bob Fosse "All That Jazz". While Fos's daughter is in A Chorus Line, he is Fosse who was supposed to be involved as director. He would know what to do with this material, which deserves far greater respect than this sad effort.
