I'm not a clerk. A film could be made in this show, and that would almost necessarily require changes ... comme ci, comme ca. However, the modest ideas of this material have been lost or misunderstood by filmmakers who are in full-blown blockbuster mode. It would be hard to imagine a bad director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Varner could destroy this in the same way as Attenborough. On stage Chorus line was a triumph workshop as a production method. The dancers who responded to the call for casting, found themselves sitting and recording shit about their career experiences (70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlish took some time, handed them a song and threw them aside. ... amazing! Incredibly modern. The "story" of ACL is (in turn) about answering a call for a play that we have never had a complete overview because the performance is not important. It was a target before the idea was invented, 25 years before the adaptation was coined with a similar idea. ACL was also the second in a reductive trend that is still alive, and is a feature of modern creativity: this technique itself is tempting ... to have more drama in the life of an average person than you could ever synthesize with fictional characters. What a merciful idea. The theater performance had one performance (empty scene) and three different ways to change the background, to alleviate visual boredom, and not to distract viewers. The space is withdrawn and the actors' stories are lit up. It worked well. That's the point. All of these ideas are torn or scrambled. Wisely, there were no bones, nor did the dancers come out to their finishing arches, in which the exciting "One" is finally, strongly performed in the full (golden) top of the hat and tail, we recognize with the movements because we watched them in the trainings. The anxiety of the performance has been lost - and the audience has gone crazy. After the Grammy Operator, it's like full muscles. He obviously has earlier, respected All That Jazz (and Fosse's Dancin's playwright) keep in mind as he makes his choices. Hamlisch's result was nervous and interesting for the time, but time was not kind to him. It's the same as "jazz hands". And that's before Attenborough ever touched it. He is remarkable in finding the good that is left, and he shakes it. The simple question may have helped Attenborough filming this: "May I spend my consumption for a few minutes with such people?" The main question for any adaptation of the performance is that the fourth wall of the theater (which is crucial due to absence in the theater) will be processed in film format. There has never been a "frontal" game. The answer they came was: "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" Actors have been expanded from a number of unique narratives, to a crowd that dwarves the audience, and connecting their bars. I was well past my anger threshold when this unpleasant trickle swung over the stage on the rope, kneeling at the (absent) audience. The show has led you to understand theater people. This movie just makes you want to strangle them. Perhaps Broadvais is a boring trend of characters who walk directly into the center stage and sing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of referring to other characters. here. But the worst imaginable recovery of the show will make you feel more alive than this movie. Chorus line is pure.
