On Broadway, the Chorus line was pure magic. From the moment when the concert was opened with a spectacular explosion of energy to a genuine grand finale, the joyful curtain of all those members of the choir we loved during the performance, we were fully engaged - fascinated by intensely personal stories, some funny, some smart, some exciting, in this chorus. The film is quite another thing. Focus is now on the director - and WHAT is he! Every time the film moves to Michael Douglas, he is there with a bitter, sour expression, fetching questions and orders, screaming and shouting whenever he gets an opportunity. Iikes !! It changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was really an imperial presence on the stage, but he was also a kind of theater device that enabled the stories of these incredible powerful / fragile / intriguing / ridiculous members of the singing line to apologize with clarity and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, in one of the moments when the director appears, he is there to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer after we hear the story of that heart. He reappears to finally express his sincere affection for Cassie. But in the film, from the second Douglas director begins the bitter barking of orders, the stories of members of the horror line become secondary. As if they were in a bad profession, where the exhausted director instead of showing joy in creating a new exciting theater performance, exhausted, exhausted, angry because he had to listen to these members of the choir. The excitement of the show was always on the scene. Here in the movie, practically from a word, complain about everyone involved. During the musical, we desperately wanted each of them to be good, and to be happy that they all got a job! But, of course, this could not have happened. But in the Finals, when everyone returned to a magnificent costume with those incredible front mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all those members of the choir that were accepted and rejected, they were on stage always danced in the profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the lost stories and accents, magic is completely diluted. Everything we feel (even with the same curtain call) is that some of the members got a job with the director. They all come on the screen and dance again. Very important.
