For those who have never seen HORUS LINE on the scene and their only exposure is this movie, this movie is OK as a movie musical, nothing special, just OK. I've seen Broadway broadcast 4 times, and even on audition for a tour of the show once and for someone who has memorized the original production, the 1985 movie version is so terrible at so many levels that I do not know where to start. First of all, for those who have never been auditioned for theater production, let me assure you that IRL when you listen to the show, directors, producers and choreographers never ask personal questions and do not talk about why you wanted to become a performer. A real theater audit, whether it's a show or a musical, rarely lasts more than five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, you will be shown a dance combination of 64 bars once, you do it, and then decide immediately whether you are inside or out. The original concept of Michael Bennett's emission was to fulfill the lives of the dancers and meet the unknown with the passion for the performance and why so many victims are so few. The show is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough focused so much on the dancers by strengthening Cassie / Zach's relationship and setting Michael Douglas to Zach. In the show, YOU NEVER see Zacha ... he is just a voice in the background of the theater and his relationship with Cassie is barely touched. Cassie portrayed in a taxi in an attempt to come to an audition and talk to Larry with an image that is not even in the show is all added to the film and is so focused on the story. The main music numbers are cut or thought out. Opening the number in the play "I hope to get it" shows all the dancers who work on the combination of jazz and ballet, and then people get eliminated. The film brought together three hundred dancers on the stage together and showed them in closeup to conceal the fact that they threw people into a movie that can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbie 12, Goodbie 13, Hello Love", a great vocal exploration of the childish memories of these girls was reworked as "Surprise, Surprise" mainly as a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song, "What I Did For Love" was a touching allegory played by the whole actor about dropping out of dance, is just another standard love song in the film, tired of allison Reed as Cassie. Jeffrey Hornade's choreography for the film is boring and non-aggressive and does not hold the candle to the original setting of Michael Bennett, and when filming a movie about dancers, choreography must be special. There are several good dancers in the film, previously mentioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Baby, and Janet Jones as Judas, but hardly being given the opportunity to show what they can, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew gum at the same time, gets one of the best numbers, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I admit that the finale "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait nearly two hours for it. I would say that if you've never seen CHORUS LINE on the scene, this movie might be worth watching, but if you are a devotee of the original musical on Broadway ... be afraid ... be very scared.
