*** THIS POST INCLUDE SPOILER (S) *** I am not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I adore him in all other ways. He also has his fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" which is really fun. But this movie looks like someone joked with the audience, putting all those "facts" into one movie. I really do not remember when I was wasting more time with this "action". I do not know what's the worst this movie can offer you: the non-original and thousands of times a plot of terrorists that are trying to attack us by smuggling a nuclear bomb on American soil or perhaps "big" dialogues and magical words of wisdom about life and everything else. Someone can find the worst that terrorists in everyday life speak English. It's an endless list of shit. Not to mention the huge amount of archive footage used in the movie, it's sort of boring. The main terrorists send a message to their friends through the media when caught, and the only guy who is smart enough to see the treat is: Chuck Norris, of course. Nobody else in America is smart enough to see it! And the whole action in capturing the boss is ridiculous. One man was sent to go through the entire UNARMED terrorist camp (I lie, he had NOZ), escaped his stalkers with JET PACK and then slid a few hundred, maybe even thousands of miles to the nearest shore (the border of Afghanistan is 450 miles from the nearest coast ), where it rescues the submarine. I was hoping that at least the scene of the fight would be good, but it's even more fun than complicating. If you did not know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO have won them. Not only can they easily kill them, they can be thrown and thrown with only one movement, and bad guys fly a few meters as puppets. You can ask me if I've been watching this movie to the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, from these two super heroes, will destroy a nuclear bomb of several hundred megatons and the size of the MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a fool I was. Of course, it's Chuck's movie. Not only did he just destroy a tweezer once, but he did it - DOUBLE !! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would spend my life in the game. So, the creators of this film have made yet another Chuck Norris' fact to be added to his website: Can Chuck Norris destroy a nuclear bomb? Yes, he can do it twice!
