Oh, man. If you want to have your inner Roof T. Make the robot a real training, this is a movie that will appear in the old VCR. The potential for cutting lines in this movie is endless. (Less spoilers forward. Hey, do you really care that the film of this quality is "broken"?) Trick is the girl with the Problem. Psychology has developed names for when a child develops sexual sympathy with parents of the opposite sex. But it seems that this girl has one for the same sex, and I do not think there is any term for it. Perhaps it was because her mother Dana played Rosanna Arquette, whose sweet overgrownness, the sexuality of neo-flowers and the luscious figure, seems to me to forgive her any number of bad films or insensible characters. Dana is not only ignorant of her daughter's behavior; It seems to be competing for a gold medal at the Olympics. It is possible that Dana misses Tracy's killer series, because it is true that the Trace of Crime. It's just because the script dictates, so it manages to pull out any number of bodies. Especially hilarious note in this movie is the character of Carmen, a Mexican maid who describes Dana for so long as she is one of the family, although she dresses in what the director thought she would say: "I just fell out with tomato truck from Guadalajara. " Carmen is so wise according to Tracy's intrigue, she could carry the inscription: "Hey, I'm the next victim!" Of course, Traci faces Carmen as Carmen returns from the mass, and switches it with one of those little keys that car manufacturers put next to you like a bad joke. I rather doubt it than in real life, and things are useless as weapons of murder, as well as for the change of the tire. In the second row, Arquette carries a thin dress to the vineyard, under the clouds, talking to the owner. Cut her in another thin dress under the sunshine, talking to her brother's brother. Then cut off her first dress, in the first location, under the clear sky - but it should be later. You have picture. We are talking about very bad directing. As for the skin, do not expect much, although the Tape has a nice pair of bikinis. For those looking for garbage, 8. For everyone, 1/2.
