Everyone in this film tells Raffi Carruthers how talented she is, what a great actor will one day turn out, etc. I think they're just good. Even Kimble Rendall, who directed this film, shows more talent than she. "Next Jane Kampion," they call it; and, even in spite of the fact that both are overestimated, the two of them have SO very much in common. Both water films. Both are women. They're both Australians. (Well, give it or take it.) Yes: it's one of those films in which the character is brilliant, and we just have to swallow hard and accept it. But I'll say this to Carruthers: she's cute. - And fascinating. Not really. Here are some thoughts about her lack of talent: (1) Part of the talent of a director lies in working with people. Why is Carruthers so phenomenally bad that the crew is noticing? To make it easier for everyone to stray from the set and be killed, I expect. (2) Why is this one of the most incredible films I've ever seen? After all, it has to be filmed on REAL movie. How could they have made a mistake? If the Rendal's set was half the size of the under-employed, it's a wonder that he had finished his film at all. (3) Carruthers - the fictional director - set himself the task of creating a brand new 1980s horror flick. Yeah, right. I doubt that this can be done these days. I assume that Rendal - a real and talented director - has set the same task, realized that this can not be done, and decided to instead use a sigh to know parody. Of course, it's not enough parody to work as a parody. As soon as the actors and the team went into an isolated house, the film spent most of its time doing bad things that the horrors of the 1980s did ... well, less bad. (4) And yet, yet ... the film opens not with parody, but honestly to the goodness of a pastor of the horror of the 80s, plays (this is too good to be true) Molly Ringvald. This pasty is much better than anything that follows. (It's a bad sign when you find that you want to watch movie-in-film, not a movie.) However, it was also recorded in the late 1990's. Perhaps it's still possible to make the horrors of the 1980s. You just need to drop parody things that we know and we know. (5) I have never wondered how horror would look like in teen years when all the characters had Australian accents, but now I know. And weird, I'm glad to know. The need I never knew I had fulfilled.
