When shooting an 80s Horror movie called Hot Blooded, the director was brutally murdered, and the lead lady was damaged while surviving an attack and managed to kill the killer. After all this, the production is abandoned and the stock is left to collect dust. Thus, a group of filmmakers decided to stop the film, although people warned him to stay away from the film because the last person who was interested in the film appeared dead in the cinema while watching the film. From this it is designated as a goddamn production. Without taking these warnings seriously, the crew goes further with the production and they get the original star of the movie to return from Hollywood to reprise their role, but not as a daughter, but as a mother. But, again, the killings with actors and the crew that were slaughtered by an unknown figure trained as a killer of the film begin to happen. See what started "Scream"! Hey, I enjoy these movies, but mostly everything that happened after that was boring and meaningless excuses. During this phase, the sub-genre returned with vengeance, but this was not a good thing because mostly failed and non-original attempts, followed by the derivative template Scream franchise. 'Cut', an independent Australian film about the genre of textbook textbooks, is purely garbage shovel that basically does not have everything and shamelessly rejects every second blow. But you know what, I found it as a delightful pleasure. Yes, it's terrible and very forgetful, but it's a bit of a good cheap party while it lasted. Although I hated him when I first encountered him, but the second time I knew what I was getting into and it worked better. It was the same as I helped myself again to make a nice cheese cake, but this time it was not so sweet. The film came out at about the same time as "Scream 3" and "Urban Legends: The Final Cut" did, and all three follow the same structure of film use in the movie. Scream 3 is obvious the strongest of three, but I would actually watch this garbage above Urban Legends: The Final Cut, though it seemed more like a return to the 80s slasher than one of Scream's bastard descendants. To a large extent, the film receives a b-grade treatment that It appears in the script and performance. The dialogue is truly unimaginable and barely comes to surprise and uncertainty. Betty Curly bet and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for it, she plays the actress who's coming back to finish the damn movie and I've had a good time with her funny funny game, she provides a bite here and perfectly nails her. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian television stars (that is, if you are an Australian) with an enthusiastic Jessica Napier who led the acting team with similar Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts.Also pop singer (and alleged actress) Kilie Minogue made a Kamai appearance at the opening just to be a hacker n! Nice. These teens mostly followed the form of rosy and dumb kids who had nothing but to be killed. Sometimes it feels like they just wait in line, because they do not have the real substance to be there. The action starts very interesting, and then it moves into a mysterious stage where red herring appears, but then it makes a real turn to where it becomes a little satire on the horror genre. It's just quite excited and when it comes to explaining all this madness, I thought a bit? Oh my God. This is when he cleverly tries to curl back on himself, but unfortunately he falls along the path. But you do not just love the ending. They also deal with some popular cultural references and a self-referential approach to language. Predictability is pierced at a fairly early stage, and jokes are sometimes exaggerated, but they know it by having a little fun. The atmosphere is losing some edge because of the humor that takes away the gloom, but still a large old villa is still isolated, in which the recording has some neat touches that add 'some kind of ghost'. The cinema scene was made pretty nice. Now we know we want upstairs and nudity when we look at this type of film, but unfortunately there is no nudity that can be found and above is rather standard, missing, but more than just decent for such a low budget movie. There are one or two creative deaths, but the others are systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke, he somehow hurt, I thought, well, the smart attitude was not good with me. Other production notes ranging from editorial, out-of-soundtrack and Kimble Rendall did not have execution, and it was pretty careless, but these contributing factors joined to add some sort of pure entertainment to All this Bad. The imagination coincides with a budget that is safe, but hell this shaggy slasher did not try to be anything else. It's just fun that's fun!
