I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial film festival in 2004, but it's already moving out of my short-term memory. In a career that was quite slipping toward the tabloids, Ben Aflek, a formerly promising actor in a comic face that stumbled into a Hollywood advertising machine to transform himself into a romantic leader. Judging by this film, it seems that the transformation does not last because it still lacks gravity that would make it credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon takes smart roles in films such as "Siriana", Affleck appears in this kind of commercial pop. At least the superficial character of a successful but lonely advertising director Drew Latham responds to Affleck better than most other roles he has tried. Director: Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999) Deuce Bigelow: A Little Gigolo ") and a scriptwriter of no less than four scriptwriters (always a bad sign), a thin plot revolves around the need of his character The "hire" family that lives in his childhood home to experience his fantasy of old-fashioned life has never had Christmas. The concept is actually intriguing, because there is something that can be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality that we are all directed to feel in the midst of frenzied commercialism around the holidays. Real trouble However, the film feels like an enlarged sketch that has no logic or authentic emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be trying on the overdrive to be desperate to be kind, but the net result is a weary reversal by the actor who has an increasingly boring habit of playing stupid people in poorly conceived films. Fortunately, he loves James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara who play Valcos, a couple who decides to accept the Treasury's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents. Gandolfini plays Tom as a rough, non-gentle cousin Tony Soprana, but he does what he can in the role. From her classic SCTV Day to Christopher Guest's mock-ups, O'Hara is always a comic gem regardless of the car, and it's not surprising that she laughs best in Tom's wife Christine, regardless of whether she has delivered one liner dry or poses in a thumb for photo-shooting. In what becomes her standard role, Christina Applegate plays their distrustful daughter Alicia, which, of course, becomes the Ancient Interest of Love. Despite some good moments where she enjoys playing the Dre's sister's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to be changing in flashy bumps, which makes it difficult to see what the Drews see in her. The story turns completely to control the last third with a fictional situation that builds up on the other, until the chains of the plot are connected together in a short row. It is said that most of the film was improvised because there was no completed recording script. It shows, but I have to admit that I'm stuck with it all the way.
