I have the feeling that those involved in the creation of "Surviving Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are so inconsistent and the action makes little sense for the film to play as a rough draft of the scenes thrown together with the small one, but the concept of a line of rich people who pays for the family to let him spend Christmas with them. /> Ben Affleck shows Drev Latham, a typical Hollywood picture of a wealthy, egoistic advertiser who is buying his way through life. His girlfriend, Missy, is leaving him shortly before Christmas because she is horrified that Drev wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls "family holidays", and the fact that Drev never met her family. We later learned that Drew's father went away when he was 4 years old, and his mother is dead, so the mystery is why he not only says he does not have a family, but to allow his girlfriend to believe that he does not care for his family. For fear of being alone on Christmas, Drev finds a Missing Psychiatrist (why? I have no idea), who proposes to do a ritual of forgiveness in her home from childhood. When he met the family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drev offers them $ 250,000 to pretend that his family is so that he can re-experience his childhood memories. He is angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Christina Applegate, because she "does not have a sister," and even goes so far as to write a family scenario to follow so they act more like his "real" family. None of this makes any sense when the Drew finds that he grew up without a family, except with his mother. along with his fantasy. But for no apparent reason, she suddenly starts to love Drev, and in a few minutes she goes from hatred to courage to act like his girlfriend. The Drev is so complete a jerk throughout the film that even his sad story about the lonely Christmas of his childhood does not cause sympathy; I almost want to finish it, "I'm joking! The real reason I do not see my family is that everyone has a ban on admission against me!" (2/10)
