There is one great moment in * the Survival of Christmas *, which almost makes a worthy pain: James Gandolfini breaks the shovel over the dumb head of Ben Affleck. This movie serves as another unfortunate example of James Gandolfini who proves what a great actor is, while simultaneously running his career acting in this movie. Young and rich ad executive, Drev Latham (Ben Affleck) is enthroned to believe that he must never be alone on Christmas. (And, from the very beginning, this is the basic problem with our suspension of unbelief in this idiotic movie: how many people in the Drevo social position, in 2004, really care in one way or another, whether Christmas is spent alone or with a half-family or a prostitute Fifty dollars?) The story finds how the Drew buys a family to spend Christmas, provided they pretend to be his, ignoring all indications, contrary to the fact that his money did not buy the emotions he asked for. For 250,000 dollars, a busy truck driver in the suburbs, Tom alco (James Gandolfini) and his disheveled wife, Christine (Catherine O'Hara), agree to be Drevo ad hoc families protest against their son, Brian (Josh Zuckerman very one-dimensional) and daughter, Alicia (very soft focus Christina Applegate). Then the Drew spent the rest of the film, allegedly, how he regains his youth or something. Messages in this film are twisted and illogical as well as his dry story. Overwhelmed by psychotics, Drew plastered a fake smile on his face and blindly remained in denial of any insult he allegedly bought from the Valco family to evade. What sets the question: If the Drew pays people to re-attract some kind of illusory joyful family emotions, how psychotic must it be to pretend that happiness is between his stitches and mental pain because of his presence? It is not the case that the Valco family hides their true feelings and pretends to be happy while they are near the Drev - three out of four members make it obvious to despise it. Is he so unfamiliar that he does not see that money does not buy him a "family" atmosphere in which he was forced to believe that the truth is at all? As with all the films that are so wicked, you wonder how the four * scriptwriters could so easily engage in their narcissistic dreams that they will appear in a series of points to overlook any illusion or intelligence. Director Mike Mitchell, who was responsible for * Deuce Bigalov: Little Gigolo * - stand there. "Nuff said." Gandolfini and O'Hara somehow managed to shine, proving their enthusiasm among this mess. " Christina Appletus is wild and sweet and blond and fiery in all the right places, sharply cutting down the Drev in small tape for most of the film, then tackling face to face and falling in love with him because the script tells her. And I would not go so far as to say that Affleck is a bad actor, but John Schneider looks better over his shoulder. There is a whole new level of desperately sought talent in the city.
