Despite the enormous cult accompanying this sad "documentary," I must admit that I deeply disapproved of the film that hit our party as a disturbing exploitation, rather than useful information. However, after seeing a magnificent musical drawn out of it, one can appreciate what the film might have been in more secure hands. One doubt that many of us who have actively suffered this movie may have had any pleasures that his cruel fans enjoyed were ruined by an unpleasant suspicion that too many of us - or those we know - just wrongly or two away from the sad state of the two crazy women shown who live and contribute to dirt, they seem incapable of controlling or escaping. The film leaves the viewer desperate wondering how any person could have slipped to this level of degradation and, unlike the musical, does not offer any warning signs or explanations, only a horror show that is not recognized by humor or Insight. This soul-breakable flatness of the film makes the achievement of the stage version (I hope it will be recorded in the end for cable) even more significant. Act II is true in almost every detail of the film being debated, but strangely, raising the sad state of prisoners' music, raises a human tragedy for art. More importantly, this act is preceded by a fine Law I in which we meet with women before their responsible in a mutually enabled madness, and there are indications that their isolated purgatory has come to light. In short, everything missing from FILM. For movie authors (or their successors), the excellent edition of Criterion DVD includes out-take and bonus material that partially exploits the main movie - behind the photo from the scene, interviews and comments - filling some blank places that the original editing consciously decided to exclude in its aspiration for an irrepressible horror and depression. I can not satisfy an amateur movie, but I can make it more understandable. After all, it's just an extraordinary set design inspired and drawn by writer Doug Vright, composer Scott Frankel and songwriter Michael Korie who raises the rating of the original GREI GARDENS over one (generous) star.
