I think this movie is somewhat overestimated. There are some things to admire; because one thing deserves the credit for being a science fiction (ish) film that relies on your story instead of the special effects and action sequences that should be worn by the day. Support is good, scenography and cinema are good, and ideas are interesting enough (although they seem to look a little tired after many of the main Dark Clusters / Memento / Fight Club clones in recent years). However, the film was canceled by poor characterization, drum performances by the main actors and ridiculously poor completion. The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither sympathetic nor unpleasant. I understand that part of the story dictates that it should be a little (wait ...) code, but I was completely incapable of figuring out any empathy towards a person who looked just like a boring, anonymous club. man. What kind of transformation of character for that sad bag is artificially forced on him. The main actor Jeremy Northam manages to convey that the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but fails to inspire him. Contrary to him, Lucy Liu does what he can with a character who does not have his own personality, unless he embodies the cliché of a spy film as a personality. One of the biggest disappointments in this movie is the end. I will not give a spoiler here, but I will say that the sudden turning was eventually telegated fairly clearly at least 45 minutes before it happened. Further, after being content to be an idea-oriented film, the last few scenes suddenly and terribly pass into the worst kind of Hollywood-pop singer, along with great explosions and special effects. The discovery of McGuffin at the end of the film is poorly done, and in the end it seems that the characters are even less sympathetic than they did before resolving some of the main movie themes. Film is not all bad. , yet. He managed to maintain a certain low level of tension in most cases, despite slow pacing (although I think I have more than average tolerance for slow motion movies). And there are moments when the upset, paranoid feeling that Vincenzo Natalie's director obviously was trying to bring to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the shortcomings in the acting and film scenario. Probably there is a good movie that covers these same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
