Let me begin with the statement that I mostly love the directing style of Rennie Harlin, mainly, and that for some recordings the cameraman should boast. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, there's something missing in the movie. These are, my friends, the scenario. Dialogue in such films is always pretty awesome, but this one takes a gold medal for stupidity. The film has so many horrible lines that I do not even want to remember them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and it seems more appropriate for a bad porn movie than an action adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they said things, they could improve the script. It's wrong again. It's sad that there are some talented actors thrown into bad roles with poorer dialogue. Stallone was never my favorite, but when he behaves in circles around Lithov, Turner, and the worst round Rooker, something is wrong with this picture. Lithgo played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but he still encounters someone who can not act to save his life here. How is it possible? I was always his big fan and he studied with Stalone, who still telephoned his performance. Turner is so small and pointless, but still manages to appear on the screen as lost. Michael Rooker can work. I know it because I saw it in the "Thunderstorm Days", but it looks like I read my lines from the cards. Has this happened? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they speak, I just wanted the movie to end right there, or both of them startlingly find their acting skills. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. What brings me to Harlin, who can be the only one who really blames this mess, except the scriptwriter. It's his fault that I was not really involved in this movie at all, because it was supposed to make people really behave. The scenario is not very good, but acting is still what destroys this film and it must lie with the director. I do not care how much has been paid for special effects, which are generally good, but you still can not sacrifice a movie with a terrible acting. In addition, the pacing of this movie seems to be off. The starting line was good and the airplane scene was very well made, but how should you worry about the outcome of the robbery. I think I realized that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but I really did not care if they had money or not in that scene. If a bad guy wins early, maybe I would not have to attend one of the worst movies ever!
