Okay. Who was that? Who gave 10 of the 10 Revolvers? Do you stumble on the Ecstasy tube? There were so many of you. Did you do it for a challenge? Is this some kind of cult? Or did Gui Richie register 788 times under different names? Before I say anything else, I'll say this. Just because you do not understand a movie does not mean it's not great. Maybe you had a bad day at work, or did you sit down to watch a movie after you were fighting with your wife, and then you were not in the mood. There may be a more fundamental stumbling block - as if you do not have mental skills or a sufficiently developed philosophical sense of engaging in it. BUT. And this is very, very big, but. Mega-size KSKSL elephant size, but to finish all buts. PLEASE DO NOT CONFRONT COMPOSITION FOR COMPLEX, AND DO NOT KNOW THIS TWO HOURS OF NON-SCIERTERS FOR AN INVISIBLE FILM. Really. You might think you're pretty smart. You can even imagine yourself to be a kind of romantic figure: an independent thinker who defends masterpiece against the Shepherd's Shepherd. Please do not. You're embarrassed. Revolver is a waste of time for all. If you would consider whether you would recognize in a few minutes that too. It was the scatter of actors, the scattering of the crew, the dissipation of caterers, and definitely the loss of valuable minutes (you can not get them back) from someone who is unhappy to sit through this inexplicable, poor mess. "No - Wait", there is a voice in the darkness. "You just do not understand it, it's NOTININEAR, that means the story does not go to STRAIGHT LINE, this is actually the COMPLEX and SUBTLE work of AUTEUR, it solves the difficult existential issues." CLUB when it first came out - did not you hear? they can handle the COMPLEX. Now they eat a modest pie, I bet I hate Linch's movies, doncha? I hate to disappoint you, but I'm a big fan of Linch. I prefer Memento so that we narrative in an unconventional way does not necessarily have to fill the fear. And although I only briefly studied it a few years ago I do not like Revolver because I do not like them, I do not like the fact that it's about the big issues about big brains, but I deal with them in such an insultingly superficial way that it's ridiculous. I'm not really chess player, but Richie's idea of ​​it how chess works seem to be the one who is prematurely four-year-old.I do not like the fact that the characters, without exception, completely alienate me. "" Oh! "cried Richic's apologist." The guy wisely turned his hat to Brecht! "Maybe you are right. I think it's more likely that he just can not write a decent caramel script. Comparing the Revolver with Fight Club, it's actually really educational. The club of fighters has an acidic language, a nihilistic dialogue that makes you laugh. The revolver has a steaming cake of luck that discards one-layer linings that make your ears bloody. The club of fighters has an excellent craft that requires you to examine everything that has happened. The revolver has, as far as I can tell, a few incomprehensible turns that do not provide satisfaction, because ... well, they do not make sense. If you continue to practice carpet under people, they will eventually kick you out of their home. And then lock all doors and windows. And they never let you back. Never. Gui Richie seems to assume to be philosophical implies repeating mantra of small phrases. Mostly spoken, but often flashes on the attribution screen. Almost pathologically. But what makes this movie particularly noticeable is the way something so unreasonable can get married so neatly with all the tired gangster clichés in the world. In the end, it's so inconsistent. You do not care. You do not understand anything. You go home. In fact, there was little that I really liked: a hard-hitting killer with a crisis of confidence. He's great. But I can not recommend you to watch the movie just to see it. It's only a few minutes away. Please, believe me. It's horrible.
