He assured the world that he does not exist ... </ br>> This is a line that is probably remembered by many people. It's from the usual suspects, of course in relation to the Kaiser Gold .. I think Sosa .. I have another one like that: - The dumbest trick the director ever pulled out was trying to convince the audience that he actually had a story - This film is one of the saddest pieces of film I've seen for a long time. It starts so well, with really fantastic cinema, great acting and a very smart premise. But, unfortunately, the only way this film is going is on the path of self-destruction. And he does it, not with one blow, but with a pile of hands. Do not pay attention to the comments you admire about the fact that they have found a way to explain this donut. With enough alcohol in my brain, I would probably be able to explain the very existence of humanity in a very acceptable way. I saw and read a dozen completely different ways in which people explained the story. And they are different from a story that is completely in one head, playing chess with you, in a cunning way that a criminal plays his enemies with means similar to chess playing. And that's all funny. But, at the same time, it is painful that there is something terribly wrong in this story. And besides, it's in any case stupid expropriation of a series of movies and books such as "Fight Club, Kill Bill, Casino, Common Suspect, Snatch, Magnolia and Shetan". This is the most obvious robbery. What ultimately mistakes in this movie is that the story turns like a drunken jumper at a speed. There are many turns in this movie that will never be resolved, if it were a cocktail, life supply to hurl-kantams for working on nausea after drinking should never be clarified, and when you finally understand the direction you think to go, you will get more one. I suppose this story does not go anywhere on paper and Ritchie must have thought it was great to make a movie out of it anyway, since the next David Linch or something like that. 1/10 f or complete violation of one's own work (Ritchie: look for professional help). What could easily have been a jewel, became an art piece, food for pseudo-intellectuals to be discussed in Sunday's debating clubs. Save the soul and stomach, avoid at all costs!
