After seeing a plane flight to America three years ago, I really believed that I saw the worst movie ever made, and I could relax in the knowledge that I will never have to suffer so much from the screen anymore. Unfortunately, as I learned last night, this was not the case. The revolver is so monstrously bad that I think about recommending friends to go and see it, just to not feel like I'm just stupid enough to be deceived to watch this. It's completely unbelievable how much this film completely falls on a face with a constant, and I mean the BECAUSE of the main characters, with completely absurd pretentious nonsense! In fact, I was angry at the cinema listening to Andre Benjamin's extreme merciless whimpering for what seemed like a half of the film, while thinking all the time - what the Turks would do with this complete gangster / scammer joke, whatever it should be, when he made his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would tell him to give up, he took his head off and looked at him with utter contempt for his equally incompetent partner striking as fast as his thick little legs wore. I mean, what should we believe to go through Jake's head when offering him his solution to his problem? They are rogue, so they must obviously have the skills to cure incurable blood disorders! I mean ffs. Does not it start to wonder why his symptoms do not worsen? Does not a penny fall on the third day of what is happening instead of having Richie put the audience in a painful patronage phone call to Avi to tell Jake that he was deceived. In any case, the film can add a little positive note by switching to dry humor, if possible, fortunately with a similar standard as the previous films. bulls ** t! This film does not try anything as smart as redemption through some well-timed entertainment lines, oh no. It somehow managed to be so catastrophically immature that I honestly did not hear so much of the titre from a fully packed cinema ?? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full the main screen can get, not one person smiling. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny, and honest enough to still make good gangsters without comedy, but what was he planning to hang on to this movie? Unnecessarily confusing land !? I sincerely hope not! The longest happiest moment when I passed last night, I heard a very loud sigh that came from all directions of the audience, as all desperately prayed for the film to end. It was also quite fun to watch how they fought quickly and hurried to the exits after they realized it was over and that they were free from their pain! I will round this (I have to finish, I write this again to anger me) elaborating the "end". I mean sh ** t! Completion? .. no, I'm sorry I can not, you will have to go and see it. Can not say words, it just can not, and after you see it, you will know why. Uuhhhhh ?? shudders ??
