I've been waiting a couple of years. I've never been moved to post here, so maybe this movie is worth the star for it, but I doubt it. I just watched it on DVD, I missed it in movies because of illness, and I've never seen it before. I did not read much about that, I certainly did not even think about the film in a few months. It was exactly what a friend picked up at the store, so it looked. Bad mistake. The video I discussed at the top of the summary is in and on the poster. From the very beginning, Jason Statham has hair. Like in any other GR movie. Or any JS movie I saw. At least not in the quantities shown here. And Rai Liotta in his pants should be warned in advance. It's terrifying and funny but not in a ha-ha-humor way. It's more in the almost -Office-but-little-mutated-and-so-failure-sort-of-humor way. Each of them says the same thing: "This movie is not like anything you expect from this movie." Now, based on the previous, extensive experience of watching the movie, I expected this film to be A Few Things. As: Coherent, <br /> () Interesting or Attractive, <br /> <br /> () Not complete and ultimate trace of navel watch, br /> < () Something more essentially than the colorful crowd of poorly realized fairy tales from what is merely a standard Eastern Mystical Ideology dressed as a "cool, modern, self-aware art form",> (i) Hope it is better than "Idiot ". As you may have guessed by my tone, it has been thoroughly missed to check any upper frame. Instead, it was: (k) Poorly arranged the whole thing, 70-amateur high-8 stylish jump, incomprehensible "plot" "knitting!" delivered through exhausted assemblies, I could continue ...}, (k) Recorded as being depressed by a 14year old goth who just spent the weekend watching Truffaut and Godard with a hidden curtain (k) So , behind me with the whole motive / message "I'm really smart, me," that it feels decisive to repeat it every 20 minutes or so, just make sure stupid people (ie everyone who does not like) in the audience are safe to get a point, (k) The real loss of my time. <br /> <br> As for the undoubted ability of some people to "get" something from this, okay. I'm glad you enjoyed it. One poster said something that attracted my attention: younger than 25 were probably better understood for editing. Perhaps, but editing should make your work more accessible, not less. Regarding the "Genius who recognizes only the enlightened" brigade, it sucks the bow and grows up. There is nothing more brazen and self-confident than people who say that another person does not know great art because they do not understand "crafts / materials / monthly cycle / filament of superior rational thought" which is "author" / poet / artist / palm reader / idiot savant 'uses to explain his' vision / big scheme / unity with Gaea / big big dog of a sick dog'. For me and many, many more people, his garbage. Movies, art, stories, poetry, everything that is conceived to be viewed by another man, should be engaged and moving. In some ways, whether it's metaphorical, spiritual, emotional, or whatever you have yourself. The only way he started me was the advance in time, two hours closer to my inevitable death. "The biggest trick he ever pulled was that you believe that any part of this movie means" All in all "And now, please, be sure to toast to my buns for me.
