The movie "52 Pick Up" just does not work. You see if you're interested at all about Elmo Leonard or John Franckheimer, or for anyone in a great acting team, especially John Glover, who is brilliant. But the book - a slowly burning, noir thriller with a lot of pulp - was supposed to turn into a movie being challenged by an Oscar instead of this stupid who could not figure out if he should faithfully show the stubborn story of a book crime, or opt for Schwarzenegger's 1980s pistol. Switching the scene from the original location to the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard lived and knows well for years) is a significant problem Leonardo is struggling to correct in his script, but in the end he can not. It was, for example, a clever device that made Mitchell's wife City Hall (she did not have a job in the book), if you think about it: this is the only way to ever convince somebody in a sex city like Los Angeles in the 1980s for adultery, or any kind of potential sexual scandal. Even then, in a more conservative eastern state, such as Michigan, it is more likely that a) her tiny porn industry will be a silly, brave money in which three losers can desperately set up a not so stupid middleman of a colleague going through a middle-aged crisis, and b) the very adultery can be something that you can blackmail someone, if their upright career and old-fashioned women can not stand a shock. As Ron Jeremy, a consultant tells you, Los Angeles in the 1980s was a colorful, elegant porn mask, more like "Boogie Nights" than Leonard's dark, dark world of abducted tourist buses, dirty apartments and drugs in depressed urban dirt. Then again, Los Angeles could be the backbone of such a story, if the landscapes were carefully regulated - there are still many dark cracks and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roi Scheider Harri Mitchell appears in the film as a sexy, handsome Uebermensch who dances through his problems, and does not even sweat. In the book he defended himself from the state union as he struggled with the job that had failed. He also had a skeleton in the wardrobe during the war, which involved a friendly fire for which he was responsible, but never appeared to get caught. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image that includes a bizarre civilization between criminals and a law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, giving him his financial books and negotiating a more practical ransom, makes such a central image. Glover's blackmailer plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Shayder portrays the victim here as a trustworthy "good guy" in charge of the situation as if there was more Rambo with the M-16 than every man barely stayed on board while his world collapses around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions ever to have occurred, bearing in mind all the thoughts that followed the original story, and then the film. The capture of Raymy in the Mitchell Jaguar and the shooting with him in a musical band that draws together with the sadistic monologue of Mitchell, plays an audience that wants a "sweet revenge" to finish Chuck Norris's film, and not an intelligent balanced world of Leonard's book, Mitchell barely escaped the end and the conflict between good and evil can easily go in both directions. I left the theater and shook my head. What a loss of talent.
