David Chase "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most appreciated TV show in recent memory. Not only is the series devoid of intellect and passion, but deprived of souls. As everyone probably already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, fat ** hole of a mafia boss with a spoiled woman, and two brothers, sh * t-brained children living in - you hit - a belt from America Nev Jersey, by the way). Not only is Toni a female adulterer, she is also an unwanted stinky bastard, with a "Saturdai Night Live" sketch of decent-looking cartoon for her subordinates. It's not a fact that Toni is a piece of mafiosha who insults me (and obviously only me). Allowing characters to be who and what they are, without condemnation, is something American TV barely permits. But Chase - and his companion of the Emmi - gored writers - not only allowed us to observe Tony and his crew while they acted, nor even tried to provide any insight into the reality of the action / reaction (even apparently). fictionalized) organized crime (a la "Kum"). Instead, Chase glorifies and supports his characters' greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle in the same way that Tony, his wife, and even his hairdressing psychologist, work week after week (or should I say the moon for the month or is that year It looks as though the insignificant 13-season episodes came out with the same regularity as the eclipse of the Moon). Much has been done due to the rejection of the series to adhere to network structures, with lines that do not go anywhere, and characters that appear and disappear as pests. But if the performance is so brilliant in the lack of structure, why is it always felt like I'm watching a soap opera? Tired clichés, boring hostesses, self-inflicting, irrepressible characters and complications that do not go anywhere. More than ever, I see why there are so many Americans of Italian heritage at this show. It's enough that you want to skip a good book (Dante's "Inferno" comes to mind). People at IMDb like to claim that there is nothing good on television, and therefore "The Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are those same people too busy paying cable bills to watch "Shield"? (Included in Basic, you know). What do you say to "still good" "West wing"? Or a brilliant actor (if he mistakenly wrote) "Boston Legal"? What is perhaps the best comedy of the last few decades, "Arrested Development"? And let's not forget that we live in the era of DVD - no one * watched * anything new. I'd rather set aside $ 40 for expensive packaging in the package, well, pretty much * nothing *, but I give HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 for a DVD set!) To continue to prove how many hacking factories can be. Want a good TV? Watch "Murders: Life on the Street". Or "Murder One". Or "Picket Fences". Or even Chase's previous performance, "Northern Exposure". If you are already among the legions of the "Sopranos" legions of adored brains and critics, it's too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his useless relatives in which they all belong - fish thorns. ("Sleeping" would be too kind)
