For those who love depressing movies with humorous characters and dirty stories, this is for you! From the gloomy atmosphere in New York, which appears as an extremely dark and almost hopeless place, for two different main characters deprived of a lot of sense of morality, this film is a real thing. Why won the Oscars Award because it was so shocking at the time that Hollywood, a completely new freedom to show everything it wants with all abandoned moral codes, wanted to celebrate this fact. The filmmakers were then immature six-year-olds with an unlimited expense account at the local candy store. Thus, Hollywood gave viewers of the audience (probably for the first time) the amount of rape, prostitution, homosexuality, childish nudity, the existence of homeless people and other such beautiful scenes and sounds, only if his distorted brain thought he was attractive ... and then rewarded Work. I was hoping, I'm sure, it will shock the mainstream audience. Well, he did it at that level. The audience was stunned by what they said and heard, and the Academy was proud of being able to show dirt and money at the same time, but could not help but honor this piece of gold-plated garbage. About 40 years ago, as a very young man, this film was fascinating. However, looking back in the nineties, my mouth remained so bad that I never looked to look at it again. The acting was good, but then what? The acting is good in many films. Nobody ever said that Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight could not act. Hoffman was particularly good at his young days in playing wacky people. He was like Johnny Depp from his time, he played guys like "Ratso Rizzo" in this movie, and later it will be "Rain Man". Yes, "Ratso" is a character you will never forget, and "Joe Buck" (Voight) is the one you want to forget, but the story is so nasty that it overcomes the fine acting. This film is not "art" and is not worth the many prizes; she just pushed the envelope in 1969 and is therefore so gently remembered in the hearts of movie people and critics. These are two hours of cursing and ultra-sleek, religious cheap recordings, glorifiing freaks (Andi Varhol even gets in the act - no wonder), and generally despises people. I like an appealing song, "Everibodi's Talking" that helped Harri Nilsson celebrate, but even that was fake because Fred Neil wrote the song and sang better before Nilsson did it ... and few people have ever heard of Neil (which is their loss). And as already mentioned - the name "Ratso Rizzo" stays with you! The movie is a landmark , but in a negative sense, I'm afraid: it signified that it was "official" that Hollywood had gone to the west, and since then he has remained in the sewers.
