Seriously, I can easily awaken a lot of blood, blood, and reflectiveness on the screen, but what really makes this movie disturbing and uncomfortable to watch is that the doctor's figure continues to wander about the physical damage inflicted by raped women. He, John Cassavetes of Rosemary's Baby, talks about ruptured uterus, dry sex, and massive burden of the (?) Sperm, such as the most common small diseases in the medical world. In view of this, "Incubus" is ultimately a STRANGE horror effort. Not necessarily terrible? Although it's not very good, is it? or just strange. A cluttered and unrelated script initially deals with the hunting of the rape-killer of blood and flesh (although the title clearly indicates the participation of supernatural creatures) and it seems that it never stops introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially those of the main ones, find compassion, and for some unexplained reasons, they all keep dark secrets. The said doctor has a strange interpretation of the daughter's love and is constantly behaving like a suspect, the sheriff of the city (John Ireland) seems to be in constant state of drunkenness and does not even seem to care who raped and killed. Women in his district, a woman reporter is even too strange to say, and Galens (the old witch and her grandson) are just creepy. Together they desperately try to solve the mystery of someone or what just destroys women's reproductive organs in cities. The sequences that are built against rape and murder are extremely atmospheric, and the evil actions themselves are bloody and disturbing. In fact, they are very positive factors in the horror film, but the narrative structure is too unwieldy and the characters are too insensitive to make "Incubus" a really good movie. Also, there are a lot of tedious parts to fight through yourself (as a recording of Bruce Dickinson's concert!) And the usually very reliable direction of John Howe is almost inconspicuous. The last blow is actually a nightmare. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit disappointing, but there are still several reasons why this strange piece of the early 80s is recommended to open-minded genre fanatics.
