The young couple Mandi Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roi Seelei (Matt Birman) relax on the beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy is hiding in the old cabin, and an assault is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roi tried to help her after hearing her screams, but she was killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenni (Erin Flanneri) are new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. He was summoned to action by Chief of Police Hank Valden (John Ireland) when they found Mandi and Roi. He performs the autopsy of Roia and treats Mandi for her terrible injuries. Shortly thereafter, a raped curator at the local museum, Carolin Davis (Denise Furgusson), was also attacked. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports on the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years ago. There were more rapes and murders. In the meantime, Jennifer's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced he has something to do with horrible acts. The team's story and digging into the cities of the past convince themselves that there is a creature known as Incubus, a demonic entity that changes shape and exists only to reproduce! He directed John Hough, this is a serious movie about horror. George Franklin's scenario based on Ray Russell's novel is the weakest. Nothing interesting and exciting does not happen and ends with one of the boring none of the screw events I've ever seen and frustrating it just ends suddenly. As the story pulsates in the rhythm of the snails, there are several rapes, but none is shown on the screen. There is only one scene in the whole movie. The monster is just displayed at the very end and has all three short scenes. Everything about this film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. The acting is boring and you do not feel or care for anyone. See the scene in an autopsy room where you can clearly see the microphone at the top of the screen on several occasions. A movie about a horror movie that you'll forget about one day. Real time loss, do not bother.
