Stephen King is commonly known for morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad about the characters or the situations they were going through ... you feel depressed here. The movie has a good feeling (at first), with a family that moves to the ground, and the dreadful old Fred Guinea greets and warns them about the pet cemetery, but this plot does not lead anywhere. It begins with so much potential, but in the end it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and it becomes torn, extremely dumb and in the end depressed. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat are moving to a new home in Maine. He was warned by the cunning neighbor Jud (Fred Gwyn) about the local cemetery for pets and how he was cursed. Louis does not mean anything about it and everything is fine until a family cat is killed. He buried him on the cursed graveyard and returned to life, constantly mourning his family and wanting to stay alone. One day, Baby Gage runs out on the road and overtakes him and kills the truck, and Louis knows that he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns to life, he changes and wants to kill. With many of Stephen King's works that do not turn well into movies, blame directors and scriptwriters. In this case, Mr. King was a screenwriter, but I will blame him for his terrible story. It's so meaningless to the end, and even though it's free, the premise is ridiculous. The little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a small scalpel, and not only that, but he can lift up their bodies and in one case carry the body from the ground to the attic! ) I know this is not real, but seriously, how much this can be stupid? The scene at which Louis injected the deceased, now living again as a cat to kill him, it's strange sad, because the cat did not deserve it. All she did was go around her job and kill him. The scene in which your son is injected is almost unbearable. It is not intolerable sad, but the whole situation is terrible for reflection. After Gage injected the drunk around him before he fell dead ... why did they have to make a film that ended with the death of a child? But ... worse yet, the actual completion of the film that included Louis who buried someone else (Will not give out) in the cemetery after Gage killed them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why she was made in the movie? It's depressing and meaningless! My Rating: * outside of ****. 90 min. R for violence.
