Family with Father Louis (Dale Midquiff), Mom Rachel (Denise Crosbi), 10-year-old Eileen (Blaze Berdalh and about 3 years old Gage (Miko Hughes)) move to this beautiful house in Maine - seemingly unconscious semi-finals that scurry through the highway in front of their home every 90 seconds! The neighbor over the road (beautiful Fred Gwynne) makes them feel at home ... and shows them a pet cemetery where children bury their pets. is a holy land that can bring the dead back to life ... but the dead return to a dreadful mood. "DEFINITIVE SPOILERS ** Roman Stephen King was good - he was Long, but he developed the character and situations that you care about what happened. This movie discards ALL character development and only the game up and violence. Animals were killed on camera (I know it's fake but it's still defensive); hit by a half and his suitcase opens during a funeral (in a completely ill-fated scene), and he is returned back to life and attacks and kills people including his mother (I WANT a three-year-old was able to hang it); The spooky runner (do not ask) tries without a reason to help the family ... The movie only launches the audience before it introduces any repulsive death or violence into your face. It just comes out of shock. ** END SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> The acting is not helpful. Midkiff is just as horrible as a father - he's handsome and skinny, but totally empty. Crosby is not much better. Two kids are just boring. Only Gwynne alone saves this picture with her good acting without effort. This picture shows complete contempt for an audience that takes great leaps in the logic and when the characters are working incredibly stupid (especially Midkiff at the end). This film was (inexplicably) a great hit from 1989, which led to an even worse sequel in 1992. Then I saw him in the theater and I was upset that the crowd cheered on the violence and was just horrified by what I saw. A sickening film of repulsion. A 1 to the end. When you think it's all over and can not get worse, Ramones sings the title song !!!!!! ("I do not want to be buried at the cemetery for pets"). Really out of faith.
