This movie is Pia Zadora special! When I looked at it, I recalled the classic cartoon showing Hollywood starlet; in an urgent need for another role, but are afraid to become typing for a 'B' movie or a soft pornographic role; who says on his casting session "Of course I normally do not play roles requiring nudity, but if it is artistic necessary for a movie ...............". This memory has led to a very mischievous picture of a similar caricature that shows Pia in such a session, saying, "Of course I do not usually take the role that requires real action, but if it really gives me enough exposure to improve my sex status, the symbol ..... ............. ". This is probably extremely unfair, and a fairly rude story is the book by Harold Robbins; Given the nature of the story, Pia's exposure certainly does not get too much attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won the acting award in Butterfly) deliberately saturated her part rather than trying to play in an almost non-responsive role. Critics often emphasize actors first as a problem whenever the film turns out to be disappointing, but this is extremely unfair; screenwriters and directors are more often culprits. The real problem with the "lonely lady" is that the script, like the original book, seeks sensation, not the substance, and nothing can help. The script for this film is insignificant, but if the story could have been more successfully filmed with a better script, tauter directing and truly competent action must remain a matter of personal judgment. As announced, the evaluation of my viewers would depend on whether I assess my personal opinion or assessing to what extent the film is able to deliver what it wants. My personal rating for this would be two out of ten; but somewhat this film probably gives exactly what its sponsors intended, and on that basis it was estimated that the quality score of four out of ten was reasonable. Since I am in a charity mood and wanting to make it clear that I do not blame Pia for his disappointment, I will give an IMDb score of four.
