JUST CAUSE shows Sean Conneri as Harvard law professor, Kate Capshaw (does he still work?) Like his wife (a small difference in age) and Lavrence Fishburne as a racist southern policeman (!) And Ed Harris in a total performance from a fundamentalist Southern serial killer. Strange throwing, but the movie plays serious thoughts with the audience. (do not read if you ever plan to seriously watch this movie or ever watch this movie seriously because of the spoiler) First of all, I felt I was constantly turning my eyes from liberal stereotypes: the policemen are all sadistic and turn this black man without proof. The coroner, the witnesses and even the defense attorney of the accused are working against him (charged with raping and murdering a young girl) because he is a black man. Conners is a Harvard law that is passionate. they talk about injustice against black men and against the barbaric death sentences. At the invitation, his grandmother's grandmother was ordered to defend him and open the trial again. Conners are surrounded by (...) by a small city official and a good IL club, but he thinks that the case against Blair, the alleged killer, now at the death penalty, was invented . The main proof was his confession that was beaten by him. The beating was run by a black cop (!) who even played Russian Roulette to receive recognition from him. Conner finds out that the other prisoner actually executed the murder and after a few occasions with serious exaggeration, like Hannibal Lekter, like Ed Harris, finds out where Harris hid the murder weapon. He received a retrial and Blair was released. I think ... movie over .... </ br> Then suddenly! It turned out that Blair was a psychotic psychologist and used "white guilt" to sign Connie. He talked with Ed Harris in exchange for Blair, who carried out several murders for Harris. Now Blair is back on the line, thanks to Connie's disgraced PC principles! Final 30 min. is a weird action movie on a legal drama, Conneri and Fishburne fight the serial killer in the house of alligators at the stools (yes, you read it right) in everglades. It was a strange movie So, the whole system is corrupt and ineffective, the cops are just the bully and the torturers of the type Abu Graib, but the criminals are really psychologists and deserve to be fry. depressed at every level! The system is completely corrupt, and the PC's white guilt types that are causing it are seriously deceived. Two inches down. Conners obviously had to pay a mortgage or something like that.
