The memory banks of most of the reviewers here shrunk when they tried to recall this cubic zirconia of gems because practically everyone succeeded in misinterpreting Valter Thornton when he threw a falic garden in the onslaught of a nasty anger. Nozzle on his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton, (almost comic Pia Zadora) used earlier for sexual abuse in the film ... but I am in front of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd could ignore that line with the audience without saying how much his actor was. Difficult as most of us believe, especially these days nobody in Hollywood intends to make a bad movie. This is certainly not the most dangerous argument that can be pronounced, because it seems that so many damn many of them have emerged. But again, there is that kind of film that must be imagined during its creation, from writing, casting and direction, it must have been cursed with the film equivalent of attempted recording during the March ides. > LONIA is in that category, and it is very good, given the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in the recipe that guarantees that they will produce a monumentally dropped souffle: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress who is so determined to take her seriously, will take practically everything she can to extract from her peers (this film surely is! ); a somewhat high-profile novel written by Trashmaster, Harold Robbins (of THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST glory); an actor who probably thought they were so happy to do at all, that they tried to play this shit like it was Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was more than likely to be paid who was holding a mess to pick up just to get a salary (and probably was contractually obliged not to require that the name 'Alan Smithee' be used to protect what was left of his reputation.) Like Lamont Johnson LIPSTICK, MIRZ ZARCHI AND SPIT ON THE GRAVE, Roger Vadimov BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoevenov SHOVGIRLS or Grandmami Realli Bad Film-making, Frank Perry MOMMI DEAREST, LONELI LADI (usually with disgust, unbelief), horrible laughter, or a unique combination of all three), but also defies discipline, o writing, or even the Logic Holliveird logic. No one is sure how it came about, as it has ever been released into just one theater, or why it's still there and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it is there to stay. And I do not think lovers of really good movies would have any other way.
