Paul Armstrong is a liberal Scottish born Harvard professor of law, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who has been hired to take over the case of Bobi Erl, a young black man from Florida convicted of rape and murder by Joanie Shriver, an eleven-year-old white woman. Earl claims that his confession of the crime has got under pressure from a Sadistic police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who is already under the death penalty for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell to the death penalty, hoping to persuade him to admit Joanie's murder, saving Earla from the electric chair. In the beginning, everything goes well. Sullivan acknowledges and Earl is released from prison when an appeal court terminates his conviction. Since this development takes place just after half of the film, at this moment the alarm bell will start to ring in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! Big lot is moving forward!" And it proves it. The expected rotation soon materializes. Erl seems to be guilty of the crime he was just released, and possibly for several others, but together with Sullivan he collected a diabolical plan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will admit that Joanie was killed if Earl kills his parents. (Only because Sullivan wanted his parents to be dead is never explained precisely). Armstrong now finds that he alone is in danger of a man whose life he just saved; Earl is angry with Armstrong's wife, who is a lawyer himself, who in the earlier cases, when Earl was charged with rape, acted as a lawyer for the prosecution. Just Cause is an example of auto-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to let go, collecting a movie by recycling themes and plotting devices from many others. The first half owes an obvious debt to films such as "Infected Dust" and "Kill the Bird Blast"; the only difference is that the sheriff who won the recognition of Bobbie Earl is a black man, while in earlier films he was white. (Police brutality is now an activity of equal opportunities). The central twist in the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras's "Music Box", although in that film, revelation does not happen until the very end. The final, in which the lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger from the former client, is obviously plagiarized in two versions of "Cape Fear", which are also taking place in the wetlands of the American south. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a religious maniac quoting the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear," made four years before "Just Cause". As there is PostScript. As "Just Cause" borrowed a lot from several other films, seven years later, his central plot was, for his part, apparently plagiarized in the vehicle by Ashlei Judd "High Crimes" ) The problem with this style of making movies by numbers is that the films that were created are generally less pronounced than those who inspired them. The whole is normally much smaller than the sum of parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than anyone of those who were cannibalized to make it. Harris is usually a talented actor c, but this is one of his worst performances, mostly because he is not so acting as playing the Nir da Silva plays Mak Cadi. Blair Underwood is OK as Bobbi Earl (allegedly) innocent young man in the early stages, but inconceivable as Bobbi Earl, a killer psycho Sean Conneri like Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as a black sheriff are much better, but not one is good enough to save the movie. (Conneri and Harris performed together in another, better, The Rock film next year). There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal "film" film, an anti-capital punishment, an anti-racist and critically-minded policeman. The other half is more like a hard-boiled reactionary, preaching a message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to face them is to burn them on a chair, that liberal lawyers are useful idiots, and that police officers who cross the suspects should be praised like heroes. It seems that the filmmakers were blissfully unaware that the complicity introduced into the middle of the film was (probably unwanted) the effect of reversing his political stance, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored him. Obviously, the appropriately complicated action was considered more important than political consistency. 4/10
