First, let me say that I am a great believer in Fanpro matters. I see it as a way to continue a good show long after it was canceled. Star Trek Voiages and Star Vars Revelations are examples of decent efforts. So I have a soft spot for fanpro things, which means I'll overlook things that I would normally be bad about. So at ST: HF. Well, the first good thing. Enthusiasm is a major part of assurance in any show and, mainly, the crew of various ships seems to be having a good time with their roles. Then, the effects are not bad for home-made beverages, and nothing makes you really get up. The stories are not bad either. Nothing particularly innovative, but hard enough and at least in the course of the story. But there are many mistakes. First, although they are obviously HAVE. To capture Star Trek shots, set backgrounds, music and effects, I do not see why they continued to scratch almost all other music scores that have ever been recorded. Everything, from aliens to stellar horns, postpones an orchestral head at one or the other point. Likewise, much of the shot is from other films, obedient to the CGI to look different. Gray warships, for example, although disguised, are apparently Star Wars Destroyer of the Star Wars. And the station is also pretty obvious Fleet Battle Station Ticonderoga from Starship Troopers. Likewise, the sound effects from various Star Vars films appear in space battles between combatants, as well as animated footage. In one scene in any first or second season, I think you even see two TIE fighters who are passing through the past during the battle, which hardly makes your suspension of disbelief to any kind of service. The acting varies from reasonable to terribly painful to watch. Nevertheless, they all improve as the season progresses, but they expect to get bored on the screen, especially in the early seasons. They also made interesting action choices. Let's just say that food replicators in this show seem permanently placed on a "cake" and are left to it. The effects of makeup are generally quite effective in general. But, they must really ruthlessly kill people who have decided to use cheap ferengries and cardassian masks for anything other than for use in the background or "transient" footage. They are just unrealistic. Every time I saw one of these (except that I do not laugh too much), I was constantly expecting an unfortunate soul to wear it to pull the gun and announced that "this is a dead end!" In one scene, the "Cardassian" actually speaks while wearing one of these. Not only do the lips do not move, but the mask does not have an opening where the mouth should be. Somebody needs to slap him. Can they not take a knife for the goods, for the sake of God? There are also some well-made but inadvertently funny make-up jobs, such as Herman Munster's. Writing, although coherent, is nothing new. Instead, the script works as a continuation of the DS9, with ships coming out of DS12 on different missions. The new enemy, "Gray", is not very threatening and the line of complications that involves them is actually processing Borg threads. ie. Starfleet meets Gray, Gray is very powerful, Starfleet barely flees with their lives, then through technology they begin to find ways to fight against enemies, etc. The bone of conflict is a dialogue. Star Trek writers have long been able to write "insert technobabble here" in the script. This usually means displaying the latest anti-enemy plan using "quantum discriminatory phases" or "isolation charges", etc. In other words, the nonsense that tells you that they are on the case and that the resolution is at hand. > The words are actually nonsense. I have no problems with this, but where ST: HF is a real mess, where they include realistic comments in this concept. Tactical tips such as "We have to regroup" sounds good, but not when pronounced the trio of characters already in the group. Likewise, when asked what the situation was, the tactical officer was questioned to answer "We count three ships." He really needed to count them? Come on! I expected the interviewer to ask, "Are you sure?" or "Can you check twice". But my favorite comment is: Captain: "Can we establish two-way communication?" Commander: "No, we can only send and receive .." Well, ghost! ..... <br /> Having said all of the above, the performance improves as it goes. Seasons 1 and 2 are pretty bad, 3 shows improvement, but 4 and 5 are where it begins to be noticeably better. Season 6 seems pretty reasonable for now. I have a problem with the choice of media for broadcasts. Kuicktime is bullshit, fairly honest, and as soon as you move to divk / avi format, the better. Some of us like to download our downloaded shows and watch them on the screen of decent size, and do not look at the small KT window on the computer monitor. Kuikktime not only makes it more difficult, but also a 320k180 resolution in which emissions do not match. In fact, it seems that the shows are quite invisible, as if they were a copy of the VHS tape of the tenth generation. The least they could do was to include a high-resolution option. In any case, the show promises, and I even start to love some of the characters. But it's 40 episodes, so I'm not sure that this is so much talk about character development. But what can you say, it's free ... PS: Out of 28 votes, 19 people rated this show as 9 or 10. Hmmmm ... yes did we watch the same show? Or are you three-year-olds?
