Well, here it is, another disappointment to my account. Two, actually! First of all, although I like to think of myself that I know something about the exploitation of the euro from the 70's and its most fruitful associates, I have never heard of Joseph V. Sarna. Here's the guy who made more than seventy burning and cult films and I did not see any! How? Why? What happened here? Second, and worse, just when you think that you have found a new source for obscure movies about the cult, the most famous and supposedly "masterpiece" of this director turns out to be an incredibly boring and irritating movie. However, lesbian vampire films form a rather insignificant under genre in general, but some of them are bathing in an evil atmosphere and curious sensuality (such as "Vampires" Horea Kummel or "Daughter of Darkness"). Joseph Sarn's film has nothing to offer, except for the abundant amount of worthless nudity, and even getting pretty boring. Events take place in a hidden mansion, hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived a vicious and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness. Her faithful students are still throwing naked dance parties into the catacombs of the castle, illuminated with candles in the form of AUCH penis, and they hope that they will soon revive the baron. Suddenly (do not even ask how) is a castle full of young and sexy female guests, so there are more erotic rites. It sounds tasteful and fun, but "Devil toy" contains a huge number of sequences in which literally nothing happens and where the dumb facial expressions of the actors are simply unbearable! Sarno is not capable of creating uncertainty or building a Gothic atmosphere (or maybe not just trying), and the capacities of actresses are limited to standing in front of a camera that is hot and pulling out a truly pathetic face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperate you are to see all the lesbian-vampire films of the seventies, this is not worth the penny! Even the repertoire Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this dude.
