Seko Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, is more popular among audiences in English, starting with an actor and model Laura Cravford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) who checks the locations for her new film along with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day, Laura relaxed in the bathtub of her room when two very suspicious characters Chris (Verner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Maians) broke into her and kidnapped her with the help of treason Jane. Laurin's agent goes into a blower to rent hero Al Cliver, who is informed about the situation, the hijackers have Laurent on an isolated island and are seeking 6 million redemption. Peter was told that he would be paid 200,000 to get her back safely and another 10% out of 6 million if he returned it, faster than rats to the drain line Peter and his veteran Vet helicopter friend Jack are on the island and decide how to save Lauru. So, the hijackers have Laura and Peter with 6 million, but they do not want to surrender so much. Just to complicate things this especially isolated island is the home of a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations in which they lived, they only managed to build a straw hut, now it's primitive) that worships a cannibal man (Burt) Altman) with a bulging eyes like God with human sacrifices and this cannibal loves young, white female meat and indulgences ... This co-production in Spanish, French and German is co-written and directed by the fruitful Jesus Franco who also He received credit for music. Seko Cannibal got a certain amount of fame in the UK because he was listed on the video 'Nasties' in the early 1980s under his alternate title Devil Hunter and was therefore officially declared obscene and forbidden, saying that I have no idea why this is a bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid to be connected with the party, decides to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brovn. I suppose even Frank's most stubborn fan would have hardly defended this thing. Scenario Franka, erm I'm sorry to think of Clifford Brovn and Julian Esteban as Julius Valeri who was obviously another less than an impressed final product and wanted his name removed, it's terrible. It's so simple and straight forward. To begin with, the film is so boring that the untrue, confiscated plot is one of the most beautiful ones I've ever seen without any tension or excitement, and the terrible side of things does not improve when we get a big black with stupid exaggerated bloodshot eyes plus two pitiful cannibal scenes. As a horror film Sekso Kanibal fails and as an action adventure no more success, this is one that should be avoided. Director Franco shows his usual incompetence, the head is cut off by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and leave the impression that he is not tied to anything! The Cannibal scenes are poor, the action is poor and there are endless scenes of people who randomly walk the jungle from 'A' to 'B' and actually do not do anything when they get there. It becomes incredibly bored and hard to watch after 10 minutes and do not forget that this thing continues for 94 minutes in an uncroled state. I also have to mention a hilarious scene when Al Cliver climbs to the cliff, and that's what Franco turned around by turning the camera on his side and Cliver crawling on the floor! Just look at how his coat hangs and the way he never takes anything, because he only pulls out! The mountain is not so great and as far as movies about cannibals, this is very pitiful, there are some brutal people in the mouth of cannibals as the chewing gum fills the meat, the man is stabbed on the spines, has blood and hands of the bowel. There is a pretty nudity in Seko Cannibal and the unpleasant scene of rape. Rough cannibal must have had a small budget and I think low. This is a bad film made with bad effects and production values ​​at the bottom. The only decent thing about it is the setting of the jungle, which at least seems authentic. Music is shit and sound effects become unpleasant because it has a lot of heavy breathing whenever it's on the screen. The act is shit, everything is obviously called, but nobody can act in this thing. Sane Cannibal is a horrible movie that makes a fatal mistake to be as boring as hell. The only good things I can say is that they have a certain dark atmosphere and that those close parts of cannibal chewing gum are quite rough. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Seko Canibal as broad as possible a link, which should be avoided.
