I bought a DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBai for a few bucks, not knowing what it is and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those rude European horror films that have virtually no redeemable quality except that it's thoroughly fun, for all the bad reasons. The opening was worth the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where he should help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who works on dead tissue experiments. On the way to the trap 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) the housekeeper of the castle fights with her. 3) the maid wants to be dead. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spat on her and wants her out tomorrow. Hmm ... something tells me it's not welcome. With such a poor arrival, you would think that Ivanna would leave the place in a minute in New York, but not, as with so many brilliant films, our "stubborn" hero decides to stay in place and even enjoy dinner with the light of the candlestick dirty Baron of the same event. The Intro is so outrageous (even bigger than the unforgettable first few minutes of this Canadian film, JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy this. But the game does not end there. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, tied up and tortured by mild S & M meetings by an invisible man. Even after these night S & M sessions, Ivanna remained in the castle, an angry baron persuaded convincingly that what she was experiencing was nothing more than a dream. To be expected, even after being treated so badly from the beginning, Ivanna falls in love with Baron. Ivanna completely ignores anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that a hard baroan is popular among young ladies. Every woman in a mansion (it seems that only women work there) is in love with a poor dick, who does not bother to use pretty young things. Things become more forceful like someone lurks around the property and kills (and kills) women. Basically, Baron's physically disfigured brother, Igor is responsible for everything. On a very long stage, the brother warns the baron not to interfere too much with Ivan or suffer consequences. So what Baron and Ivan are doing about this? Well, they're getting married, of course! During the very short wedding ceremony, Baruna was shot by one of the angry locals (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna, who, in the midst of all the dead young ladies and the torture surrounding them, cheerfully comforted the injured Baron that "it is only a body wound" and the two of them can go further and enjoy the honeymoon in the castle, where the killer / rapist / brother torturer. The whole thing quickly turns into a strange love triangle between Ivana, Baron and Igor. All this blame for love! In any case, you get an idea: the subtle is not. Almost everything in this movie is meaningless, and when it's not OTT, as predictable climax, things get boring. But for most of the film, the director or the writer enjoys in one illogically untidy moment after another. I really like these films, all so subtle as hammering on the head, and inhabited by characters who behave illogically. Even those who have made the Retromedia DVD understand it and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest parts of the dueled film that is continually looping. The production values ​​are wonderful. Opening and closing loans, with those candles and red curtains ... ah, class. Music sometimes sounds like something from Tim Burton's film, which only adds to the strangeness of all that. And usually for such films, when young girls remove their clothes, they just beg to be killed. As a standard film, I estimate this 2, but like "It's so bad it's a good" movie, I estimate it a solid 8 star. If you enjoy movies, take a look at this. The only thing left for me to think about is: what would it take for this woman to get out of this creepy trap?
