Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetari, who is sometimes criticized as being too young and non-French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who more often than does not annoy Dickens from me. No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something in his personality on a screen that is too ambitious and focused on him to be convincing as a poor artist in Paris, happy to postpone facing critics indefinitely, playing with little children and old ladies and painting in the streets. It made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other films where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is somehow cousin of Tommy Albright at BRIGADOON, another story by Lerner and Kelly that the American eventually falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman embodying his virtues. <br /> <br> Except that Jerry is not as sweet as the poor Tommy. That's one more thing about this movie. Jerry is sometimes Milo Milo, and even worse Lisa. When he first sees the other in the club, he takes out a dirty trick to make him dancing with him. When he sits again, he pulls an even dirtier trick to get his phone number. When she calls the next day, she interrupts her relationship, which she seizes as a sign that she gets into her job. And through all of this, it is obvious that he wants NISHT to have something to do with him. When he begins to laugh at his scarves in the perfume store, it is as convincing as Milo's interest in his paintings. He is sure to be handsome and playful, but why would it make it worse when she got Henry, who looks like a gentleman for lifting? Perhaps, it seems so frustrating partly because of the actress. If a role like Lise played, let's say, to Judy Garland, she would be Jerry with sore insults and insults. If she played Cid Charisse, someone would admire his courage. But when she plays Leslie Caron, she looks and seems like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry just looks like a crawler. And why did they choose these other actors (though they would personally rather solve things by changing the leadership) when the whole story depended on the romance of these two young poor souls who separate themselves from their obligations to the ungodly elderly? Not only is Gene Kelly several years older than Guetari and Foch, he is old enough to be Caron's father. In short, I think that all this would have been improved by throwing some young dancer comedian relief like Jerry. , a kind that usually appears in music supporting roles ... eg Rai MacDonald in GOOD NEVS or Bobbi Van in SMALL TOVN GIRL. Perhaps not necessarily, but someone who likes them. Someone who could handle Lisa and make it look harmless; someone who would look genuinely happy that he lived in that hole in the wall; someone whose humor and naivety would be better than the sarcastic sarcastic character of Oscar Levant. It would probably make the ballet less difficult. And maybe he gave a voice that could better sing Gershwin. All this can leave the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. Like it. He was great in most of his films, just not in this one (well, a few others). I do not despise AAI alone; has good points, as an artistic direction. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience, is quite charming, and really looks like she just got out of the picture. Georges Guetari has a great job and his "Stairvai to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and she was supposed to end up with someone. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not want that.
