N.B .: Spoilers inside. Assigning an art director to opera production naturally and inevitably means that you will get a part of that director's head. However, directing Wagner's opera is a particularly difficult task, as he may have been the most explicit operatic composer in terms of how things should look and how they need to be developed. Hans-Jürgen Siberberg is burdening this recording of "Parsifal", Wagner's final masterpiece, with enough foreign ideas that led him to almost burst through the seams. You get more than a part of the director: you get all the fat pigs and then some. Siberberg must be admired for his tendency to uncover headlines about the uglier aspects of German history. But does this work to connect this desire with Wagner's opera that already has its own concepts? Scenes with the Holy Grail knights in Parts I and III are particularly burdened with visual allegory and symbolism. They are drawn from Wagner's time, long before, and they go much further. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Siberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily improve Vagner's vision); If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not boring. I will not try to uncover the opera. Suffice it to say that this is a typical Wagner synthesis of different elements, in this case, mixing the legend of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices, and splendor of Christianity. The theme of redemption here plays a major role, as in almost every Wagnerian opera. I personally had to sweat to break through Siberberg's first act (in the midst of my heavy acclimatization, music saved the day). Does Act II accept the pace? Here we meet Klingsoor, the evil sorcerer, to catch the wandering "innocent fool" of Parsifal. The biggest seductress of all of them, Kundra, will be used to draw him to the dark side. After the initial love with more symbols, these are removed, and the long, luxurious, transformation duet between a young fool and seductress is really summer. In the end, the movie begins to do true magic, mainly because Siberberg decided to make things natural and simple. Suddenly the act begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the sublime soprano of the Ivonne Minton team to create a wonderful Kundra); Suddenly, it seems that music revives and gives a vivid inner twist of two characters. The camera's operation remains simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to speak his story more under his own terms. And he works fine. For me, this was the most interesting part of the movie. With the reintroduction of knights in Part 2 of Law III, the strange exterior symbolism, unfortunately, re-enters in. Some other crazy Siberberg ideas: using the huge Vagner's death mask as the main setting (causing the composite protuberant punch to comically increase); dressing knights III. act in all kinds of costumes, wigs and make-ups (what the director says, that knights are a bunch of jokers? To express multiple or timeless layers of meaning beyond their superficial functions? the insertion? right after incredibly moving baptism Kundra of Parsifal? projection, in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely ruined my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes to regroup); Fully avoiding the passage of time between Parts II and III (when we meet again with the knight and "when Gurnemanz, he should be old, and Parsifal should appear again as a tired but wiser middle aged old man), but it is certainly the most striking stroke to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some consider it to be Karen Krick, who plays Parsifal 2, playing power and dignity (she is also the best son for the lips of the entire actor). But please ... Wagner's concept of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing about his past, to his breakthrough in Part II of what Amfortas's eternal wound means and how he became his, until his return as the great Redeemer III. this is a masterfully constructed character. Emphasis in bi-sex is just deceptive and absurd. (And what about this stupidity about Homerots Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we just accept the attitude of a mentor / apprentice, who is miraculously reversed in Act III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the choir is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to get my solo recording (BIG REQUESTED) and to restore my Vagnerian bearings again. The film experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to rage. According to Siberberg, he created a visually stopping work and he certainly offers a unique role in the important opera. But instead of holding Parsifal, it seems that he wanted to introduce all of Wagnerian's things: man, life, enormous influence ... all in a rough symbolic code. The "Parsifal" opera is already full of heavy symbols: The Grail, the Spit, the Sacrament of the Sacraments, the baptisms, the Amfortas Ubiquitous Wounds, the Klingsor Castration, Kiss, Kundri's Curse, and so on. Not to mention the * musical * symbolism that is constantly heard in the scoreboard, in the form of the Vagner's leitmotiv system. Parsifal itself is one big symbol! Going back to my question in the first paragraph, Siberberg's whole pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something that will tease you fancy, then go after him. I will not recommend that you just keep away from this; You may be satisfied. Or if you need something to break Wagner's barrier, try ... but please, please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in its late, very mature league.
