Recapitulation: According to the legend, Valkirk Brunhilda defied Odin and was tied to a wall surrounded by eternal fire. Only a warrior pure in heart can go through the flames, free Brunhild and free Odin's claims, and have it for himself. Now, the war is being prepared in the Nordic countries, and the king needs an alliance with Berserkers. Berserkers are warriors who claim Odin Wolves, craving for war, blood and flesh, and thus for exiles, but superior in fighting. The leader of Berserker is the despised son of the king, the boar, and his price for the alliance is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the king wins the battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, breaks his oath to the boar and betrays him and kills him. The boar was saved only by Barek's call to Odin. But this is just the beginning of the battle between the brothers, and their final battle will begin now, the millennium later ... Comments: I was hoping that this would be a movie based on some Viking terrain, too little quality movie about Viking is done. It started very well, with detailed trails and armor, nice and suitable scenes and OK battle. The foundation in the Aesir myths is thin and it seems to me very corrupt. Odin is much more vindictive, more evil and absent than I remind him of the school, and the walks are turned into some vampire demons. I'm not an expert, but it looks completely wrong. But the fatal mistake made by this movie is to move the time adjustment from the original time period today. If these two brothers were fighting at the right moment, with some decent battles, this movie would be much better. Now the setting suddenly changes in today's Stockholm. Nevertheless, Odin is present and sends Boar and his berserk for Brunhild and Barek, who gives silly scenes when they are screened and painted with Barek among the industries. Beautiful mountains and forests are replaced by cement. And when it's allowed to focus on individual struggles, instead of mass struggles like the beginning, I quickly saw that the fights and skills of the actors are slow and clumsy. The end result is a thin story, sometimes it's hard to follow it, and sometimes stupid, and the only thing that could save it, the action, is from a slow, boring and clumsy sword. A very little line from the Aesir myth or Viking tradition. So the story and the action fail, and the film is simply bad. Finally, like the Swede, this film is a little confusing. Allegedly shot entirely in South Africa, it still contains some famous Swedish signs, plates and what appears to be an authentic police car. However, the effort is poor and goes only so far, as if it was really set up in Sweden. No name is Swedish (perhaps with Anjas as an exception), no known landscape is Swedish, they (supposedly) speak a bit (Ancient?) Norwegian, not Swedish. Both uniforms, both police and medical, are obviously not Swedish. If they did not even try to do it right - and really give the illusion that it was set up in Sweden, why at all? 4/10
