I am completely aware that there are no statistics that easily support the correlation between video games and real-life violence. The film is false and fake because it is in complete contradiction of myself, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The movie does not work, not necessarily because I really think that they were influenced by video games, but because the movie was set up as "random" and not followed. Let me explain. In Aileen: The life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claims about the police and be controlled by radio waves ridiculous, but she is so upset that she really believes they are true. The viewer can still make a difference. On Zero day, two children constantly say that nothing is affected by them that is the environment, which is obviously wrong, because everything they do is the opposite of this. Neo-Nazism, which talks about going to CNN with Volf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because of his name, but also the shameless attempt of the director to report on his bad film), etc. This film does not reflect the 'reality', it only shows the phoneticity to prove the point. Unfortunately, you fell on the bait and you did not see it, and you did not understand it from my review. The whole film only takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it in something "real life" in the hope that it will confirm and fail, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I think children playing video games are probably killing people, but if I'm not mistaken, there is no video tape about Columbine children (or some teenage killers) shooting at the forest, claiming how much they looked or behaved like Doom weapons? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that children are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that it is not a problem at all. A bad day is a bad movie not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the film producer does not know what he's trying to say, and the film does more to disprove his point, and then he supported it. Almost as if the new ratings for video games disturbed someone so that they came to the Zero Dai in retaliation. If you want to see that the 'nonsense' teen theory has killed you right, go watch BULLI.
