I have to admit that I was a pumpkin for samurai shifts because I can remember. I used to watch it rather non-selective, whether it's an "elitist" work like the Seven Samurai or a bloody variation of comics such as Lone Wolf and Cub. I also liked American / Japanese "Crossovers" like The Bushido Blade. And of course everything that contains Sonny Chiba and Hiroiuki Sanada. And I practically watched every Samurai at least twice. But not Kabuto. In 1993, I first watched Kabuto on the video, that even Samurai films can be boring. Initially, I rejoiced Maedia to come to Europe and the confrontations that would come from it, but by the time he arrived in Spain, I did not care less about the film anymore. I would not do film justice to call it "bad". Technically, it's a pure entry into the genre. But it's just never quiet enough. Sho Kosugi has limited abilities as a director and actor and has only a fraction of the aforementioned charisma of Japanese actors. Speaking of the son of Košugis, Sho Košugis, which appears in almost all the films of Sho Košugi as Shoša's son: he inherited little - none of his fathers - limited acting skills. The addition of minus-points is the absence of blood and blood, which until then were a trademark of all Samurai films. This was obviously intended for the young American / European audience. Just say that it is such a film for the average historical adventurous adventurer, but also for the stubborn fans of the Samurai Cinema. The fans who are in "Samurai meet?" - A genre, you should go and watch Red Sun (1971), in which Charles Bronson is a cowboy who has to team up with Samurai Toshiro Mifume to retrieve a Samurai sword from the bad guy Alan Delon. It's pretty good to do it properly and where Kabuto was wrong. So, although the movie is only 100 minutes, it seems to be a much longer movie. The reason I gave this honorable 4/10 points instead of 3/10: The first time I saw this movie, I saw it in a German synchronized version. In this version, Kosugi can actually be understood. I must admit that his 'Engrish' is sometimes ridiculous, but becomes tired after 30 minutes.
