This review refers to the cutting of a movie that is generally available as "Furi of the Wolfman". As far as I understand, there is an uncut version with additional footage, and I hope it contained at least eight or nine key scenes that appear to be missing in a section called "Furi Volfman". In short, the film makes no sense. It is complete nonsense and incomprehensible nonsense. Valdemar Danin, this honorable lyantropic antichrome, portrayed by Paul Naschi in a seemingly endless series of films, is obviously a normal guy who just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he attacked him. Somehow he turned it into a werewolf. Daninski is a doctor, scientist and instructor at the faculty. One of his colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in an unclear form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes," a meaningless word used to denote a string of wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman thinks it will enable her to "change the direction of the human brain," of course allowing her to rule the world, provided that she can tie us all up for these wires without any problems. Elmann is also in the wolfhounds because she kidnappes Daninsky and takes him to her hidden lab. There are also a bunch of other people captured there. Some of them look like Gypsies, and they are bound in different states of lucidity. Others are obviously a hippie. Elmann thinks that one day they may be able to "help them become people again" (?), But in the meantime they control them with their hematodes. Valdemar becomes her hairy assassin, wandering like a wolf-worm - that's until the filmmakers decide to use footage from another Naschi wolf film, "Bloody Terror of Frankenstein" (do not ask), when the Naschi's makeup makeup changes significantly and lurks around like animal. Does that make sense? Not? Okay. It's the saving grace of the movie. It does not try to engage you on any intellectual level, it only goes at full speed, regardless of pointless dialogue or cheap sets for horror films that it can collect. "Furi of the Wolfman" is perhaps the best Night Witch movie ever. You absolutely do not have to pay attention to it, and, in fact, if you do, you will be completely confused.
