I've seen this little magnum opus for the first time recently, on one of those dollar DVDs that are everywhere today, and it was so excited that I can not keep it. For those who have never seen this mesmerizingly poor Mexican import, and wanting to look at it without prejudice from anyone else's tough comments, there are undoubtedly important spoilers below. So, if you are one of those ruthless individuals, stop reading at once and go and watch it yourself. If you drink enough in advance, you may be lucky to pass out before it is over. Begin with the assumption that a man can become a jeweler after he has been touched by him. Nobody in the film gives an explanation as to how this kind of inter-species implantation could happen, and the rest of the film is even hopelessly meaningless. But give yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink), and continue. Paul Naschi (our waswolf) looks like a man struggling with toothache, in a city where only a dentist has replaced his stock of novocaine for cheap whiskey, and has since been drunk. (Is not he happy?) Naschi's face expression never changes, either in or out of makeup, and obviously no one has given him any training on how to act like a werewolf. Occasionally he tries to imitate Lon Chanei Jr., but most of the time he simply goes in his black mafia shirt, like another cool guy with a little too much hair on his face. To be honest, makeup is actually better than an actor in it, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschi's insect is the only one who can remember to change his shirts twice in the center of the hunt. He goes from a black shirt to a red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, and then back to black, all in one, fading at night. Interestingly, he always holds Chanei squats while wearing a red shirt, and a cold man walks while wearing a black shirt. And only as long as he wears a red shirt, we see that a great deal of anger has alluded to the title. I suppose there's something in that red shirt that just pulls the animal in it. So, after being bitten by a goat, the flood returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife has slept with one of his students. Two illegal lovers are trying to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. She survives the wreck and makes her home on time for a full moon. Then, after chewing on the wife and her lover, he again flies away, and somehow manages to kill himself with electricity. But is that enough? May I allow this tortured wretch to rest in peace? No chance. He was raised from an alleged female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as the "Doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation Doctor Vho). She dug him up and pushed him to her castle castle, led him to the prison, tied him to the wall, and curled him well. It is assumed that such a series of humiliations should be enough to get a little furious in any dragon. After his whipping, our insect carries out most of the rest of the film wandering around the castle, trying to find the exit. (And who can blame him?) During the routine, he encounters an incredibly unconnected assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in a medieval armor, an unusually incapable Phantom from the opera (supposedly the father of a doctor), and the slave's slave slaves. So, what is it about, can it be reasonably asked? Man gets an unclear impression that this has to do with the mind control, and involves something that the Doctor calls "hematrodamas". (The best assumption: I really have no idea how to write, if there is even such a thing.) Fortunately, the experiment ends with failure, and most importantly, it ends ... before there is time for biting your own leg. Of course, no sense of such a movie is expected, but at least it should be good to laugh. This is not. Forget it, buddy. There is a film anarchy about this film, from a crowded, fluid-soaked ambience to terrible cinema and an ardent musical voice, which defies even the most demanding attempts to rid itself of any MST3K type. If it's not good for that, why is that good? If Montezuma's revenge could somehow be digitally remade and put on DVD, it would look just like this movie.
