"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" forms a completely independent story that does not fit into the previous films of Valdemar Daninsky. Some commented that this film should be held before the "Wolverine Shadow" event, although it was later published ... maybe they are right, I'm not sure. After all, in this film, Valdemar Daninski bit his creature like a jetty in Tibet (a big dialogue here - "It was a shame, but that's impossible. I'm a scientist and there is no such thing." That's all. ") And although marked with a sign pentagrama, he is able to prevent a change in the insect until he finds out that his wife cheated on him. Moving into the beast one night, he kills both her and her lover before he runs out of the storm, and when he is struck by electricity, He was resurrected by a professor of the university leading some kind of incomprehensible experiment and with mind control. It was taken to the subterranean cellar of the castle, where subjects of these experiments live as animals linked by chains. First, Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschi, whatever he calls, he is a good actor and passionate He takes care of his work. Regardless of how bad these films are, you can always rely on it for decent performance. The rest of the actors seem good enough, but it's hard to say when they have a half-voiced voice over all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of those who used voices were terrible, horrible, terrible. Whenever I laughed during the film, it was incapable of delivering my lines (it seems that the heroes are constantly called "Valdeman"). But, unfortunately, it's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschi movies, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. Director Jose Marie Zabalz seems to be an emergency and missed. there are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly designed and poorly arranged, especially in the final stages when it really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was mostly drunk when he was on the set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to overwrite Moline's dialogue, used the add-ons without his permission, and collapsed a few videos from Molina's earlier films. All this ruined every chance that this film was one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again. But these are not all bad news, because there are some good ideas there. Some aspects of the story make an interesting psychological drama with a waswolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. The "Vukodlak kao ieti" idea returned to Molina's later work. Some pretty horrible and surreal things go down in the basement, and there is a very memorable sequence halfway through a movie where Danin moves from house to house through the village, slaughtering or abusing the innocent while going - one scene is particularly intense, but it is actually built directly from Molina's first film, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with a few more recordings. In fact, I found the movie as a whole fun, although there are some problems with the version of Front Rov Entertainment, such as fairly obvious cuts (although some of them may be due to the lack of continuity of the director). Gods know what kind of flaws are - I'm probably going to try to get to the uncut version at some stage in the future. This is a pretty good piece of picking Naschi which experienced fans can enjoy, but it could have been much better and probably would not have been a great presentation.
