Valdemar Daninski (Paul Naschi) travels to Tibet and bites him, and he becomes a waswolf. He accidentally killed him after he attacked his wife and his lover, and later it was revived by a scientist dr. Ilona Ermann, who uses it in mind control experiments. Danin later reveals underground asylum inhabited by bizarre subjects of failed doctor experiments. After hearing Naschie's death from colleague Jonne Kitley, I checked my collection for the proper movie for watching. In my scrambling, I discovered that I own not one, but three (!) Copies of "Furia Towing". The movie is a questionable video quality, sound is called in the central way, cinema is somehow a slapstick style. And in the American versions, two love scenes were removed. Frankly, without remastered, uncut copy, I was not really getting a real movie in all my glory. This film claims to be the fourth in a long series about the Werewolf Count Count Valdemar Daninski. I suppose it's true, but you would not know it from the film itself. The action is sometimes confusing and there really is no indication that this is a continuation. If you read the abstracts of the action in Wikipedia and compare them with what is printed on the box, you will see that I am not alone in my confusion. Perhaps the shortcomings of the film can be forgiven if you understand the manufacturing hell through which it passed. Although it has been floating for years, it was only published in 1973, due to problems in finding a distributor. And in his autobiography Naschi said that director Zabalz was an alcoholic who was incompetent and hated to work with him. These are not really easy accusations, and I have no idea what Zabalza had to say in his name. Chances are you will sooner or later come across a low-profile version of "Furia". of the Volfman. "It appears in various packages of three packs and boxes, so you can accidentally get it and not even know it. What really needs to happen is an American uncut version, with decent sound and video mix, and love scenes which are coming back. As far as I know, this does not exist. Let us respect the heritage of Paul Naschia and present his films to a wider audience at the level of quality he deserves.
