Bad actors, bad recording, tense dialogue, shallow characters, but it was still a bad premise. Basically, an eleven-year-old who is maltreated because he has very little money gets a blank check from a moronic criminal. Of course, the eleven year old has enough technology and intelligence to buy a house, cash a $ 1,000,000 check, and even condemns three unarmed idiots, reminiscent of three puppets. Preston Blake is a boring, disgusting boy, who decides to use the situation as best he can when he writes a blank check from a complete stranger. In other words, he wanders at the bank, Surrenders to the counter in his printer, and miraculously goes out with a million dollars in cash. Preston is also obviously capable of reaching incredible speeds on his bicycle, due to the fact that a man driving Jaguar after Preston and his 10 speeds could not catch him, even when Preston jumped down the vehicle. Of course, with every hockey adventure movie, it must be a hot heroine. In this case, our hot heroine is a child who abuses the FBI agent who is with the eleven-year-old Preston and promises another date when he is 17 years old. However, the absolutely worst aspect of this film was not his performance. , nor his messy dialogue, such as "The only other way in which I could think of taking off a cat is to put the hose in my ass and then pick up my fur." It was the whole fact that no one in the whole movie realized that the FBI did not care for random people. What I failed to explain was that Preston used the pseudonym "Macintosh" to turn into a kind of entrepreneur. Of course, the FBI thinks this is intriguing and sends out our young heroine after Preston, who uses his 11-year-old mind to scream first when the lobsters fall on his face, and then treat him with hamburgers, ending with a ridiculous riot through a cemented surface, the discharge of water from earth. Our heroine fails to realize during this adventure that a FBI criminal tries to slide and slide right behind them while they reach Preston's limousine, along with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails to secure a cheap, third-rate. a laugh that can be smothered throughout the family. All in all: 1/10 is incredibly nice for this movie. I do not see how it only has 4.4 / 10.
