Frankly, I had no idea that Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I Gordon's Director, and not a hit rapper) was still active in the '80s! I always assumed that the "Imperial Ant" was a tastefully incompetent person, his last masterpiece in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands came across the ancient and dusty VHS copy "The Coming," completely vague and unheard of. a sorceress movie that actually turned out to be more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story of the late dark ages, soon takes a stupid turn when the villain from 1692 unexplainedly becomes shifted to today's Salum, Massachusetts, and immediately attacks a girl in a museum of history. You see, this girl is a reincarnation of Ann Putman who in 1692 was a credible evil girl and falsely accused more than twenty people of practicing witchcraft that led to executions in the country. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wants his vengeance. But the poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent student, ?? or is she? "Burned at the Stake" takes place as a mixture between "Ecorcist" and "Vitchfinder General" with a little "The Time Machine", which has been inserted for good measure. Well done! The action becomes more violent and more senseless with every new craft, but at least never goes into total boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary films such as The Dunvich Horror and Devonsville Terror. The film jumps back and forth between the events of today and memory on 1692; which makes it quite entertaining and fast. Ann Putman's girlfriend is a pretty fascinating character, which reminds Abigail Villiams of the famous "The Crucible" (also featured by Vinona Rider in 1996). There are several cold sequences of death, such as a teacher at a cemetery or a journalist at the library, committed by the spirit of the malignant Reverend who made the Pact with Ann Putman and perhaps even the devil himself. The film becomes quite spasmodic and completely absurd near the end, but overall it has a good party. In addition, the least you can say about Bert I Gordon is that he definitely has built some executive competencies over the years.
