I remember a certain Tuesday morning 18.6.22. I staggered, trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a terrible explosion was heard. I went to the kitchen where I had a look at several quarters in southern Jerusalem and saw that the pillar of smoke rises from a distant point, and a smoke view followed a minute later, due to a siren. I remember I rushed to my bedroom, took out a binoculars, ran back to the kitchen and spotted a picture of a broken bus. The bus was still in the vicinity of the download station, where a terrorist landed on it and with one click on the TNT device killed 25 passengers, many of whom were on the way to school. My good friend's wife sat on the bus in the last row, an apparently arbitrary and meaningless decision that saved her life. I'm sure that every Israelite has at least one terror-related memory he wants to never have and it was just a matter of time before someone would film a movie about it. As it turns out, the film was supposed to become a suppressed memory of its own. The film is about the performance of the writing on a dry race, Haim Buzaglu (portrayed, hmmm, Haim Buzaglo, also wrote and directed the film) who spent most of his time in running the competition with his empty page for processing text. In the meantime, his girlfriend, a field reporter for the Israeli commercial channel, decides to make a piece about a former military officer. Buzaglo, bored and somewhat paranoid because of what is known as "what on earth this hot baby comes up with," asks the private eye to make a visit to his girlfriend. As a detective progresses in his research, his observations permeate the game, and later the lives of his actors. In the meantime, the play is transformed from a comic game to an indictment against the separation of Israeli society. As for the film, the film becomes an exercise in the editing of madness, embedded in its tiny carbon characters and unreliable dialogues as it moves miles away from the subject with which it was supposed to deal. When I say "cardboard characters," I'm talking about characters who are under the writer / director's obsession for "significant" film, devoid of any true dialogue and any rest of the reliability. I will not talk too much about it. Suffice it to say that I am sure that homeless people, prostitutes, homeless people rarely go to the theater. With the intention of seeing the show, it is. This film, according to Haim Buzagl himself, is the first part of the current trilogy of the agenda. I sincerely hope that the other two films will be derived from experiences like the one I wrote at the beginning of my review, in contrast to the lonely world of characters that are all besides existence and a plot that is nothing special. /> 4 out of 10 in my movie gauge. PS This film was a landmark in savings. It was filmed for ten days, all the actors worked for free, and the entire price of the movie was about $ 12,000 (no, I did not omit zero or two, twelve thousand dollars). You wonder why it took $ 34,000 to complete the Blair project.
