My God, this movie is bad. I was totally seduced by a local movie review, because this is a garbage that can be confirmed. Yes, yes, good guys carry white, bad guys wear black ... and good guys always win. Now go home and embrace your kids and feel that Hollivood has made you feel. Blech! I can not believe this brain was a dead film made by Ves Craven. I suppose he needed a little money to pay a mortgage, so he made this piece of manure. It's a kind of production that makes anyone who watches movies regularly believe that it can do better or better than such an experienced director. You see, a bad guy wants a cute girl who likes her dad to do a little bad thing or hurt her dad. But as Mrs. All-American girl from the neighborhood, we know that she will save the day and beat the bad guys ... end. A girl can make it. Now, let's just go idiot find this fun ... "driving a slide", let alone something new or new. All the "super-duper" reviews you see on this site are from industrial hacks who either make money from this movie, return the service, or have sold their souls to the devil. Rachael McAdams is beautiful ... yes, that's it. It's not a good performance, it's not horrible ... it's just sweet. She should show a lot of skin to preserve this film. She is not strong enough to be a good female action leader. Cillian Murphi was at least passable in 28 days. But here plays a stupid villain who pretends to be smart. He beat his ass amazed from 5'5 '' McAdams, because he was still a cheerleader ... and a hockey player on the grass ... and I'm sure he has all the Tae Bo tapes. she should be able to spy on an international hiring terrorist. I would not believe that he would steal a pack of tires from 7-11. See, this film was made earlier, except before they did it well. Go again to rent any of the Die Hard movies. You have loved people in danger, international terrorists, except that the characters are more sympathetic and convincing, and the bad guys are more competent and more interesting. I just do not understand how Hollivood can continue to make such a shit as if they are unconscious of the appropriate models that can be easily copied. It's no surprise that movie revenues are reduced. Throw $ 6 to the toilet and save yourself 2 hours of your life that will never come back. Ciao, FreddiShoop
