I've seen thousands of movies and I never wrote a review, but the Red eye I saw was so inconsistent with the great acknowledgments set out here, that I'm forced to offer my two cents in protest - and I vote the lowest possible result to approach the average of reality . This is a boring, boring stink of a movie that is remembered only because of its apologetic representations of targeted terrorists (John Bolton-esquire bully diplomat who is really a great guy, do not you know) and from oh-so-nice and popular Dr. Phil (whose book is best-selling, one teaches, read frequent flyers around the world). The only real Red Eye I experienced was rubbing my eyes in disbelief. Before you deduct $ 10 or more for this movie B, read the selected "Quotes (from the trailer)" above, and ask yourself if you really enjoy the movie in which they were the smartest lines. Unfortunately, nothing else in this movie is anything better. The basic premise is as stupid as hell; acting is gentle and non-inviting, completely lacking pro / antagonistic chemistry; the potential for uncertainty is shaken at every step - except over the past five minutes - by poor routing and previous editing; the scenario is full of inadequacies such as: early detection of heroin as a university star of lacrosse is questioned when it later struggles with the antagonist with a hockey stick on the grass; and the holes for the parcel are wider than the first class (while character development is strictly a trainer). And there are also moments of extreme ridicule, as when the daughter of a senior civil servant does not go straight to airport security, on the first occasion, to warn them about the plot of the assassination against the homeland security chief and her father. Or when that same woman runs hell-to-skin along a slippery aerial linoleum, pistol and neck neck, while wearing 4 inches of sheets. Or when her pursuer catches the same with a sucking wound in the dustbin. Or when terrorists use a fishing rod to bring their weapons to the bottom of the harbor. I am always willing to stop the unbelief, but I will not jump at 30.00 feet without parachute. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it shows women who are capable (even in bimbo-form) to get caught up in the most extreme emergency - the type of gender picture that is missing in American films. In addition, this film never leaves, and is no longer exciting from the red eyes of Boston to New York. Do you remember when you were last deceived by misleading trailers and shiny tributs - in this forum or somewhere else? This is one of those times. Wait for Red Eie video and then do not watch it.
