All Craven, you're laughing ... to our account. The Red Eye is absurd ... We are confronted with a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks looking at the girl, who then appeared at the airport behind her, flirting and talking to her successfully, somehow manages to sit next to her. The two-seat space is not captured in the middle of a row with five seats (check-in contacts?) and it's pleasant during painful creation. Then, once in the air, indoors, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten empty, if it is super-efficient, Rachel McDonalds speaks as if we have a dad, does what I say, or he gets a pop. '. Well, forgive me, but did not they already have a dad ready for slaughter-so-you-better-long before she stepped into the airplane and that's why it would not be oh, sooooooo much simpler to simply hack off the street and terrorize it in the room somewhere, forgetting the complicated and insecure vow of a father, pulling out a nail or anything else until she did everything she needed to call? Or even - because this is a movie and we need several unrealistic turns - keep a dumb dad in trouble untouched, if you have to, but better dress it up by holding it to the evil until the complex plot ends up with some meaning, without airline hiding? Alternatively, without the desire to sound like a real thinker of a terrorist / killer - is a massive missile rocket rocket can not be much easier to use on, say, a highway car with a politician inside, rather than the 50th story of a hotel on the coast in Miami, from a fishing boat (as we know, security in Miami is weak, so it will accelerate)? I know, I know, it's a lot more fun to watch a pretty girl for eight weeks, I'm breaking her father's house to steal his wallet (that somehow - an old trek style - shifting right away from Miami to Texas) so that - maybe - he persuades a politician to change the hotel room and , and, well ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, each destroying the Great Plan, so why not reduce the elements to a reasonable hand, like - the 1. bazaar. 2. auto. 3. boom! My 50 minute drive home from the cinema was spent emphasizing the abundance of flaws and stupid cod-hitchcock turns, which unfortunately was the best entertainment for the whole sad experience. As for the security at Miami Airport ... we have an apparently crazy and violent girlfriend fleeing from the plane, being persecuted by police officers who, sitting in the process of sitting, drinking coffee, moving somewhere else to read the magazine in the bar, run again as crazy worse and down all over the terminal ... so far Cillian Murphi was crazy (without any CCTV?) - I had rifles that I was putting on parking at the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami Airport a couple of years ago. So, instead of talking to cops - her allies - or getting on a blower directly at her dad to warn him that life is in danger, McAdams instead wants to steal a family carrier in the airport lobby (call damn security .. .) and drove home to Daddy, a killer shotgun with a vehicle in the front garden of the house, in a rich neighborhood neighborhood, crushing the front porch in that process - an act that actually arouses a little dad from the afternoon, after about a minute, and yet somehow does not register with neighbors which are not even curious, securing another 15 minutes of hiding and searching, while the duo runs around a huge Hollodek house. .. Dohhh, it really hurts me to keep thinking about everything - Cillian (surely renamed Silli's name for this?) Is rendered meaninglessly from an ice killer to a comically unpleasant (and incompetent) crazy killer in the end, this theoretically merciless shipper human life n allowing Dad to live so he can watch his daughter cook her goose. I better stop, because the current I write here must sound like unordered as the Red Eyes script. If Ms. McAdams was not allowed to board the plane in the first place, the title could have been changed from 'Red Eie' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
