The main reasons for watching "Red Eie" are Rachel McAdams, which brings great performance, and Jaima Mais, who is awesome as Assistant Hotel Manager. On the other hand, Cillian Murphi reacts so badly to becoming cartooned. The rest of the film is filled with cavities, on which I will explain in greater detail. Please do not read further if you do not want to know what's going on! Here is a synopsis shop. Character Rachel McAdams (Lisa) manages a hotel where the new stubborn home security director plans to stay that night. Rachel returns to Miami from the funeral, but makes calls from his assistant until the plane leaves. In the meantime, someone is stationed in front of his father's house, Joe (played by Brian Cock), ready to kill him if Cillian Murphi (Jackson) calls. Everything Lisa needs to do is call the hotel and move the director's apartment to where Jackson's teams plan to fire a missile (from a fishing boat) to kill the director and his family. So, here are some holes in the plot or absurd matching: 1. Jackson finally persuaded Lisa to call, and in the middle of the phones in the plane they lost the connection. Lisa tries to fake her calling, but by chance, the guy across the street from Jackson also makes a call and starts pounding the phone to show that he is dead. Jackson catches and takes the phone from Lisa. 2. At one point, Jackson's head Lisa and her, of course, knock out ... but only for 30 minutes. 3. Jackson takes Lisa to write a message on a mirror in a (very large) west, and he is a bit of a hit. In a marvelous way, the only person hearing anything is an 11-year-old girl, whose word, of course, is discarded. 4. Lisa stabbing Jackson with a pencil in his throat while the plane descends, steals his mobile phone and makes a crazy move towards the exit, lowering the passage between the seat and 18 rows of standing passengers. Despite knowing that his traveler was stuck in his throat, the flight attendants bound Lisa by opening the doors of the aircraft. 5. OK, all is reasonable (if not very likely). But here's where it's really stupid. Lisa enters the terminal at the airport in Miami, and does not have a mobile phone signal (every major airport in America has an excellent mobile phone). 6. She passes by airport in search of Jackson, and even security officers do not even delay them. Jackson, who lost Lisa at the airport, while the train from the door went out to the terminal, lost some of his voice from the pencil in his throat, but it can still be somewhat understandable. However, he does not try to call his man outside Joe's house. (PS: There is no train at the airport in Miami, but the one who showed it looked a lot like Orlando Airport). 8. Lisa steals the car and leaves. Of course, this time, when it goes out, the cell phone says "low battery" and will soon turn off (when will it stop using this faulty device?). 9. While the phone continued to speak of a "low battery", Lisa arrived at her helper just in time to save the director and his family from a guided missile hijacked by a fishing boat to the window of the room at 40. floor where the director was moved. Of course, we expect not to notice that the hotel is surrounded on three sides by the ocean, so the rocket could probably have been launched in the first apartment, thereby denying the need for the entire work of Lisa-Jackson. What's the story here? Was the original room of the director on the 38th floor the only room in a hotel with a bad look? Still, they all come out in front of the rocket. 10. Lisa goes to Joe's house to save her father just to see the killer outside. Although he is overtaking (shooting at her) by hitting his jeep in the house, no one in the neighborhood seems to notice or try to come by. 11. Jackson comes to Joe's house and refuses him (we do not see how ... maybe another head). Then she explains to Lisa that she has not killed Dad yet because he wanted Dad to see Lisa die first (Give me a break. What is this? Cartoons on Saturday morning?). For the rest of the film (about 20 minutes), Jackson runs Lisa around her house, and she fought hard against him. Of course, the real killer (ie, the one who might be playing Jason Statham) would get rid of Lisa (or for all those who are not trained killers) in the first 30 seconds. During this raid, Jackson at least once crosses Joe without the pain to kill him. 13. Finally, Jackson prevails, and he will kill Lisa when (you hit him) he was killed by Joe. So, here's my suggestion ... tell Ves Craven to keep up with horror. Or maybe he should meet with Michael Bey (who directed the equally stupid "Island") and made the "Red Island".
