I'm surprised that all (even critics) think this is a good movie. It was the most famous thriller ever made to see it. We have a 'bad guy' who wants to force 'a good guy' (or girls in this case) to do something or face the consequences. 'Good girl' in this movie must use her brains and skills to win the 'bad guy' and save the day and her loved ones. Using charisma, courage, and even happiness to save the day. Where to Start? Well, a young woman named Lisa Reisert meets a young man named Jackson Rippner (nice name) at the airport. One coincidence leads to another and soon it seems that fate brings these two together. We share drinks, sitting next to each other, seemingly agreeing in every way ... Is there anything else in this strange thing? Can these two be intended for each other? Does 'fate' have reason for their strange and casual encounter? Well, as it turns out, unfortunately that. Jackson needs Lisa to help him kill the Homeland Security Director by shifting him from one room to another, so that his men can attack him. If she does not, then her father is dead. Although we never found out the exact reasons why and who really stands behind this madness, Jackson is explaining more about how this will happen and why Lisa's interest is to help him. Of course, Lisa defeats his evil plans with his brains and in that process he stabs him in the neck, makes him break through the chairs and hit him with a hockey stick on the grass. Oh, before that, she leads him in a wild pursuit through the airport in Miami, where she gets safety and steals a car that later uses to overtake a man ordered to kill her father. Yes, right. First of all, I find it strange that a man like Jackson who can get high-tech weapons needs the help of a hotel manager. Could not he just put a bomb in the building? Would not it make it safer for him and his team by leaving out any third party? And why do characters such as Jackson explain everything they do to someone they threaten? Does not this make it easier for the same people to stop them? Actors tried to take into consideration the film they received. Racheal McAdams and Cillian Murphi are still actors to watch. Also, I believe that Jaima Mais (who played 'lovely' Cinthia) will be one of whom we will see more. It's a shame that everyone was stuck with this. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10
