The Rajinicant is reborn after gaining magical power that can be used seven times. There are several problems with this film that are obvious to the ordinary audience: the 50-year-old Rajinikant is still at home with his parents; the father of a girl from the neighborhood thinks that he is a convincing "boy" ("vaseekaramaana paiian"); The Rajinikant suddenly interrupted the film with his sermons, and the worst thing was that women from the past received their practice through a housework - but we must believe that he is not a teist; Although he was well-read, he spent six of his seven powers on a stupid dragon; I can go on, but you get a picture. There are gods, there are gods, and there is a Rajinikant. The directory has difficulty integrating Rajinicant into one of these categories. In the beginning, Rajinikanth is just a Rajinikant who does what the Tamil heroes do - they oppose criminals and, despite being the eldest, they get the prettiest girl in the movie. Rajinikanth does it well, and some of Rajinikant's trademarks are really nice - "baba count" is a novelty. What makes this movie unbearable is that these few minutes are just an introduction to the worst book ever to be written. Even this preface is interrupted by a comedy that is forced and obvious. The director does not explain the purpose of the hero; we see that the hero faces several obstacles (from politicians, as usual), but we can not really fight for the hero because we do not know what the ultimate goal of the hero is. In the end, when everyone wants to be a leader, the hero gives another one of his sermons and goes to become a hermit. The director does not offer a solution to the problem at the height of the scene. A. Br. A. Result R. Rehman is really interesting. Or it shows the glow of brilliance or has not made an effort to fully invest in this film - who can blame it. There is one scene in which the Rajinikant enters the van of one of the thieves, then throws a knife and starts counting the babe. Music is very suitable for a moment and acts as a catalyst, adding further tension. The songs are all central, no one would be tired of the songs from this film after several years. Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest rank you can assign to IMDb. This film has all the elements that justify its right place on the IMDb rank list.
