There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but it's not really good at all. Limited animation as well as substandard character and background design will limit its massive market appeal. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars clowns and Disney's Kim Possible, (Brendan, the main character in this also carries an unusual similarity with Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). elegant and depressing to modern and sharp, but according to today's standards, it is still poor and inexpensive. Many backgrounds resemble Eastern Europe or the Nordic animation from the mid-'80s, beautiful in their own way, but for a modern children's audience, accustomed to CG slug fests and dogs that talk with every piece of fur on their body that swings in the wind, it is safe disappoint. The story is also not overly interesting, and many of the acting actors are not overly impressive, apparently brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling in his part. There are also a few secondary characters who encounter a little cliché and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, Viking's villains, although underutilized, are well-made and specially appear in appearance and sound. There is one moment that involves the main character and his mentor whom Volves saved from the Viking attack that was very nicely assembled. The look and feel also acted very inspired with the Vatership Dovn film including an open tear / honoring the Inlai Spiritual Bunny. Appearance is also clearly and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are in these subjects, you may be attracted to his appearance. The film also features moments of very well-structured shots that keep in the eye in a very artistic way, including a fairly equal cut and a large Viking attack that is very curious and impressive. Best of all, music, most of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the song of a spiritual girl who is really beautiful and persecuting and works very well with the images she covers. If the whole movie was so poetic as this moment, (and that's trying to), then it would be a very nice and poetic movie that unfortunately would not yet reach a wide audience, but instead it is no harm that it will not reach the wider circle. audiences because the majority of the average and inexpensive looks and do not fit modern standards of animation. All in all, a film that has clearly divided my mind in many ways, but it was not great at all, but it's worth watching music and song and occasionally beautiful or terrible moments. Oh I'm and the cat seems to be alive for a long time, it's not as sure as possible.
