DOVN TO EARTH / (2001) * (out of four) Blake French: "Come to Earth" is such a daunting and desperate comedy that makes a sitting home couch watching Chris Rock stand-comedy on TV looks like a paradise. Speaking of paradise, the film is based on the 1978 film "Heaven Can Wait". It was a good movie, and this is good - to show that a group of ambitious scriptwriters can take decent material and turn it into trash. Directors Chris and Paul Veitz missed almost every target. From concept to narration, "Down to Earth" collapses; This is an incredibly bad production. Chris Rock is a bad comedian, both in his role in this film, and in real life. He plays Lance Barton, whose manager (Frankie Faison) is even sorry when he screamed from the stage during an amateur evening in the local theater. Shortly after the script determined his lack of talent, the character is killing a truck for speeding. The death, played by Eugene Levi, made a mistake, taking Lance before his number grew. God's aide (Chazz Palminteri) is very angry and decided to allow Lance to spend the rest of his time on Earth as long as he takes the only available body of a 60-year-old white millionaire. The old man is called Mr. Wellington, whose life has his own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has an affair with her assistant (Greg Germann), who gets his money. But that's fine because Lance, within Mr. Vellington, fell in love with a young black woman named Sontee (Regina King). with a hospital situation involving finances g. Vellington. "Down on Earth" has some good ideas, but they are in a meaningless and unconvincing love story filled with fabrications and recycled material. The biggest problem we face is how we see Lance as Mr. Vellington. Chris Rock is an actor of popularity and publicity, so he will not be absent from most of this film; all the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is perfect for a love story; We believe that a young woman would fall in love with Lance, but in reality, he is actually an old, gray-haired man. That's not so convincing. The comic situation with a single scar should be viewed as the old man doing the funny thing that is really done by a young black man. But what inspires laughter when characters fall into conflicts without their knowledge. See only "Something about Mary". In funny scenes, characters are exposed to casual experiences, not at their own will. Here, Lance knows that he is in the body of an old man, and for things that older men would usually not do. If Lance did not know about the body in which he was then, it might have had potential. Another problem with the concept: we never knew Mr. Wellington, so how can we compare Lance in his when we do not know how he was originally. On top of everything, Chris Rock should be the center of attention here, and makes the figure too much like Rock. He pronounces simple jokes that are boring and painful; his dialogue is so obvious, wooden and clear. I hated the sense of humor of the film. There are so many senseless jokes and terrible comic situations. It's like watching Chris Rock like Chris Rock, not as a character in the movie. Highlight positive results in "Dovn to Earth". Mark Addy does not do anything worse than that in "Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas". Eugene Levi and Chazz Paldelets are well thrown, but they are at the mercy of the scaled scenario. These are all good qualities I can mention at the moment, and if you give me another week to remember, it's unlikely that I will remember more.
