Chris Rock deserves better than being given in "On Earth". According to Chris & Paul Veitz's brothers on the "American Pie" celebrity, this uninspired remake of Varren Beatty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Vait", which was rehearsed in 1941 by "Here Comes Mr Jordan", is lacking abrasively profane humor who won Chris Rock Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he pronounces curses from A to Z, but consciously avoids F-word. Anyone who saw this gifted Afro-American comic in Lethal Veapon 4, Dogma, or Sister Betty knows that it can cause more fun with F words than did Martin Lavrence and Eddie Murphy. Unfortunately, despite several humorous single-layers, "Dovn to Earth" hits the bottom both as a fictitious comedy and an incredible interracial romance. "Down to Earth" completely destroys every good will Veitz Brothers has generated their famous face "American Pie". This one-off ball is qualified as a fictional and confusing comedy with a totally incredible interracial romantic in a blind color. Unfortunately, more than a competent band among them "Mark", Mark Addie, Chazz Palminteri from "Analize This", "SCTV" Eugene Levi and Reverend Brian Rhodes as Charles Vellington, Jr. footed, sketched roles. Hardcore fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian to try to fix something that has never been broken. Absolutely written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Dovn to Earth" cast Chris as a messenger who rides a bicycle a day in Big Apple and gets booed from the stage at night at Harlem's celebrated Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) is suffering from a heavy backbone. Nevertheless, his charity manager Vhitnei Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") keeps him through thick and thin. After Lance finds out that the Apollo Theater will hold a final amateur night extravaganza, Vhitnei begs him to put him in line. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a reckless comedian, why is Apollo constantly calling him? In the meantime, fate has something else for Lance. As we pedaled on our bicycle, our protagonist saw a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of Jerry Maguire), crossing the street, but she does not see a bus that collides with him and kills him. Vham! Lance Barton levitates to the sky with a halo around his head. In paradise, which resembles a night cruise cruise, Lance finds that an overworked angel, Mr. Cape (Eugene Levi of Stai Tuned), recorded his death 40 years in advance. Heavenly Mr. Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri from "Analysis This"), God's right-hand man, apologizes and follows Lance back to the ground. The trick is that Lance can not regain his body, so that he has to inhale another body. The best that Mr. Cayce can think of is a merciless, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's Amber's adulterous wife (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unscrupulous personal assistant Vinston (Greg Germann from "Sveet November") just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before the Vellington body disappears, Lance accepts him as a lender as a borrower until Keies finds the right body. In the meantime, Lance-as-Wellington again meets Sontee. She is a nurse activist who is protesting for her decision to privatize a Brooklyn hospital serving the poor. While Regina King brings surplus charisma to her role as a Crusade healthcare worker, she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her dealings with Vellington. Although no longer a blacksmith, Lance does not only try to please Sontee, but also to win the gig in Apollo. "Dovn to Earth" is characterized by Rock in its most extraordinary role. The reason for the comedian to record this film is questioned. Allegedly lunch with Varren Beattie and told Beattie that he likes the original script written by Elaine Mai script writer for Beatty. Initially, Beatty tried to reverse his version by trying to add Muhammad Ali into the title role "Heaven Can Wait". The business collapsed, and Beatty himself directed the film. According to Rock, his longtime co-writers and he thought that they could "destroy" this classic. Moreover, he justified his choice "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy to "Do something that you can do only when you are hot." Earlier, Rock dismissed the scenario of the rapper bus he was touring, as he saw a small opportunity to stretch his image in such a trip. As a lifelong comedian in the film "Down to Earth", Rok does not grow as much of his image as he turns to the worst! This half-length concert movie with tedious action has the same meaning for cremating his comic reputation as the Veitz brothers! You know that the movie about a comedian is in a bad state when playing in a nightclub so you can not hear jokes, just laughing. Likewise, the casting of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler who speaks English queen, but is in reality an ordinary man from Michigan also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman, and he does not have to play an accent; His emphasis is sincere. The biggest problem with "Dovn to Earth" is the on-again-off-look-a-sitcheroo that characters make so that Chris Rock does not disappear for more than a few seconds. Although Chris conducts half the film as white Wellington, the audience sees him to a great extent as Lance, underestimating the comical irony, watching his sturdy, bald, white white, alter ego performed ghetto humor and singing outrageous hip-hop songs. Unbelievably, Rock served as a dual executive as the executive producer of the film and one of four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could compensate for such an awkward, erroneous mess of comedy. About the unique buyable film "Dovn to Earth" is an excellent orchestral film by Jamshied Sharifi.
