I think "The Best of Times" was a lost cause. The original assumption (the guy dropping the winning touchdown passage against the rival high school team, can not seem to pass over it and then tries to reunite two teams to play again) is one of the stupidest I ever heard. Since Ron Shelton continued to write much better sports movies, I wonder if there is more. I hope this film was not green as Shelton wrote the story as I wrote above. So we have a premise. If you go from there, you would think, or hope, that there might be a few turns on the way to keep things alive. No such luck. This script follows every predictable cliché you can imagine. There is not a moment in this movie that you will not see it approaching a mile before the movie reveals the end ... so if you can not understand the end of the first roll, then you did not pay attention to the sight or watch any other sports movie in your life. Robin Villiams and Kurt Russell are stars (and bored) in traces. Villiams is a poor shoal that has dropped a big passage and Russell is the backbone that threw the fateful passage. Do you think Russell will agree again to see if he and Villiams can correct the wrong thing that the city has never forgotten? This is such a poor duck comedy with a dumb duck who can only shake his head wondering what could have been. There must be a few laughs and, to be honest, there is one really fun scene. Villiams and Russell have marital problems and women invite them to dinner to get things done. None of them realized that they were invited on Monday and that, on Monday evening, football was included. Bearing in mind that two teams play a combined win, men (especially Villiams) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. The scene breaks into some hilarious parts while Villiams goes out to check the result by using a bathroom visit as cunning. When he returns, he coughs the result of Russell. Later, as Russell began to move his wife Villiams, the TV's wheels into their view from the second room. It is an inspirational and fun scene in a largely non-inspirational and stupid movie.
