Blank check is one of those movies for children who could have been a great thriller for children, but instead it is a tired cock that is not worth the money. Kuiglei is a criminal who just escaped from prison and gets his hidden millions of dollars from a great deal, and then we will meet Preston's frustrated kid whose room his brothers take over to start a job and obviously his dad treats his brothers better because they earn money the same day at a child's birthday party and since his father is inexpensive, he goes to little children as he rides, while other children go to roller pads, and then gets a birthday card and $ 11 check as far as this family is cheap? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meet the wonderful Sheikh Stanley that her parents met fans? reveals that he needs 200 to open an account in the meantime. Kuiglei gives his million to his banker friend and finds that the bills are labeled so he will send a lacquer called juice to take unmarked bills when Preston leaves his bike to write checks when he sees the cops and returns home his parents were assaulted for his broken bicycle and what did he get? their kid almost overcame and worried about the bike? Preston falsified a $ 1 million check through his computer and returned only to follow him to the banker thinking that he was the juice that gave Preston the money, but the real juice came and realized that the child had deceived them! So Preston buys a villa under the name Macintosh gets a limousine driver who says unpleasant jokes and goes on epic shopping, then sees Shea talking about opening up his kid, and you're talking about opening an account? Soon we realized that Shea was actually an FBI agent who was looking for kuiglei and his two other accomplices, and then told his cheap father that he had a job that worked for Mr. Macintosh and spent the day playing cartoons playing the game and to hang out with his limousine driver, he goes to a meeting with Shea in a fancy restaurant, a ten-year-old winner and a FBI agent tonight? After that, she was taken to a street geyser and playing in the water, ruining Sheena's dress of $ 300, but she accepts it well if it's a little realistic to sneer at it because of a mess in her expensive dress, so Kuiglei and the others are still crazy about the kid and fast-paced beans, and Preston was persecuted by Kuiglei on a scene taken from the original script and after that hosted by the birthday of Mr. Macintosh, who is really his birthday when he discovers that he can not pay for the party he sits in his chair and Dad talking to MacIntosh he does not know that his son talked and talked about Preston should be the right child and that his entire childhood before him and wants Preston to go home earlier? An hour ago you grilled him for his finances! so Preston asks everyone to go and sit, thinking that when they get ready and go to the house, Preston will pay for it, and that's how he confronts himself in the final that clears the house. Kart Juice gets hit in the groin and produces more antique until the trio gets Prestona in the corner and when Shea seems to be lost, and a bunch of SVAT guys come to save the day, so the cooks and his team are sent to jail, but there Is there hope for Preston and Shea? is there and she loves him in her lips? What? What? An adult woman kissed the child in her lips. is she mentally handicapped? I mean the FBI agent who knows the laws of the country would risk his career in order to kiss the child? she could be arrested on the spot! and the worst part of all is that we will not forgive and she will see it in 6 or 7 years! Oh, dear, and so he comes home to his family celebrates his birthday, so the stories must have love and respect to buy? What are they smoking? The point is that the waste of time had to be cracked, it's as tattered as the kid is boring villains are lame comic relief is not funny brothers are unpleasant dad is even worse romantic background is creepy shallow and the only rescue grace is the papal paper that is he continued to record a trilogy matrix and two films about a man-spider so that people do not spend money and look at themselves home. This is a review of Samuel Franz.
