Two years ago at the Berlin Film Festival we watched the film Amos Kollek "Sue" in the program Panorama, with the beautiful Anne Thomson in the lead. It's a movie about loneliness and sex, and how one thing is compensated by the other. In the same section of the Festival, now we have to complain about the excessive Sue anthems, "Ektension du domaine de la lutte", which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and without sex are the same problem. But, unfortunately, we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as the narrator calls it), because it is unnecessarily and unimaginably tired of society and ourselves. My own fault, I'm sorry. I can not understand it. It is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to recognize him, that his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality has not been brought to him, but a rotten society and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights about gender relations, but until now we will not follow it ... And the point is, there is any sign of thinking about his part of the fate, without sex. Who has not yet noticed, it's a pretty depressing movie ... In the beginning there were some beginnings that were more precise in sketching the situation. In the store of the bed, the "hero" talks about the obstacles in buying a new bed. Maybe it's too broad up the stairs, you have to stay at home for half a day ... This is a satire about a character who does not know how to take life and heart into his hands, something works ... Film Do not Follow This Time, but Handles His Helps Helplessness . Nobody believes that "our hero" is capable of triggering Tissera and murder. Too boring, too kind, too - passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex; it has an inhibition, but it can not, of course, be the killer of women!). Finish: There are women and the world, this is not the means of a modern sexualized society. Help as much as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this movie, which announces a bankrupt of human relationships, without capturing the real conflicts in yourself.
