There were many movies with Bigfoot, most of which are not good, but at least they have a charm for them. Saskuatch Hunters does not even exist at all. Saskuatch hunters are a group of palaeontologists, primatologists and foresters who go to a remote part of the Pacific Northwestern forest. Bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since monkeys are not natural in North America to begin with, it leads to a scientific expedition. Of course, it will soon discover a whole grave land full of skeletal remains of these huge monkey creatures. I think we all know what's happening to people who are harassing ancient tombs in movies. The first half of the movie consists of uninteresting, interchangeable characters that compose their equipment, walking through the woods, stopping to rest. , walking through the forest a little longer, pausing for long enough to explore and discuss several discoveries along the way, even more walking through the forest, looking for a member of the disappearing group, even more walking through the woods, digging around the earth, randomly theorizing and gathering around the campfire like they would talk about what they did a little bit on that day. When Sasquatch finally arrives, it only turns into people who stumble in the dark as they are separated one by one (blinking, and you missed the mode and really killing happens outside the camera). All this is incredibly boring. The film wants to be seriously understood and the director obviously tries to build uncertainty, but there is no one to find it, so that we are left with boring, drawn scenes people wander through the forest just to go somewhere and wander through the forest at night trying to get scared. I would lie if I said I did not use the quick-swipe button in advance to speed up these scenes. What is Sasquatch's point, like every other character in the movie, there is not much work and a personal personality is missing from him. It looks like a shaky version of King Kong, which is not so bad except in scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in the Bigfoot costume, which is painfully apparent during the daily monsters. Part of me can not help but I feel that even the use of computer effects to bring Bigfoot into life is sacrilege. If there is a film monster that I believe should only be revived through the situation, it's Bigfoot. This is one of those movies that do not have as much complication as it does space. That's all that is, in fact, the premise that the people involved have made to make a feature film without the pain to add all the ingredients to make a film worthy of attention.
