Believe me, I wanted to love the "Spirit." The idiotic comments made by people at the time of publishing how it was strange to look back with an old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation, as if the last cartoon pencil was released twenty years ago, and more idiotic comments about how computers have now made old techniques obsolete, she got my blood ... but then, an insulting, inexcusable banality that I had to endure in the first ten minutes of the "Spirit" got even more blood. The character design is generic, animation (in part as a result) is only a competent, artistic direction as a whole so endless, boring gloomy to wonder how this could have happened (we know, from the "Prince of Egypt" and "The Way to El- Dorada ", that there are talented artists in Dreamvorks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is, in each case, unreasonable. (Why are they working hard?) There is not one thing worth watching. In an animated cartoon, this is fatal. But it gets even worse ... Horses can not talk, but are far more anthropomorphic and inconclusive than deer in "Bambi", which I can. And it seems that somehow horses can talk. The spirit itself delivers a prologue (sounding for the whole world as an actor from the 21st century who was selected from a shopping center in California), and since then his relaxed, decisively unhorsely narrative is hardly absent from the soundtrack, although never tells us everything that already we did not know, or express the feeling that the work of art, although it was bad, was not able to express it twice. This prologue, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, later revealing, knows the way of knowing; (b) expressing ideas that the Spirit lacks the power to express even if he can speak; (c) involves the trash of a new age such as: "This story may not be true, but what I remember"; and (d) will give innumerable children (production is set, I suppose, for six-year-olds) the impression that horses originating in North America, which is the kind of truth, are a common ancestor of domestic horses, zebras, etc. It was originally from North America - but all kinds of horses on the continent were extinct long before the first people arrived, and the mustangs of the herd of the Duch (which supposedly "belong here like the bison lawns") originate from the horses introduced by the Europeans. So, the prologue has disturbed me a lot. Often as the Spirit speaks, Brian Adams sings, sounding as usual, as if he had a bad throat infection - and that's not what he sings or even HOW Songs, WHAT SINGES: Maudlin's narrative ballads that contribute even less , if possible, from the narrated narration of the Spirit, and they sound like they all have the same melody (although I carefully watched it, and was able to see that they probably were not). If only Brian Adams and the guy who pretends to be a horse could end up in a minute or two, the movie could be allowed to take its right shape: central and derivative, not evil evil.
