For anyone who loves predictable films with a terrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clichés to vazoo, and stereotypes that are typical of an American movie, do not look for further. DreamVorks wants to save money on acquiring voice talent, or really wants to make an animated episode of National Geographic; in any case, they managed to deliver a rather mild and boring film. Spirit: Cymarron's draw is a wrestling fest that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and also fails to entertain despite the oh-so-cuts of the subjects of animals that triumph over humans. After watching through beautiful animations, what remains is nothing else but a big mess. The ghost is about the stallion that from the beginning of the movie looks like a pretty handful, because it's a horse that can not be torn, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high-altitude horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running around comes to a sudden stalemate as he is trapped by a group of Americans in the process of linking the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this, the Spirit (who almost certainly did not name the whole movie) is getting along with the brave Indian and fellow female horse, and there are many rebellions with cynical and cruel soldiers who obviously do not believe in retirement. Why movies must mix computer animation with traditional ones? It looks pretty cross-linked, from which Spirited Avai suffered. The best example is when a train drives for the Spirit; you see how the hand drawn spirit moves from a computer animated train. It would have been much better if there was one or the other, but not both; unless you really can not get some nice effects. The famous dance sequence of beauty and beast uses computer animation, but it is not nearly as obvious as a train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, it is kind of sad to see the rest of the film as it descends a little in terms of quality. Small scene has more; I think of more similar images only of General's face, rather repetitive and boring in my opinion. Children can enjoy this movie, but with the lack of dialogue, songs and motivation, it can be a perfect technique in creating hyper children asleep. While Disney becomes criticized for his animated musicals, they become much more fun than a more realistic approach to stories like this. Brian Adams has no place in this film and why is Hans Zimmer kept away from using the Western theme in this film, when this is happening in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a bit, if you ask me. At least use the real sounds of the horse, two points for it. Still, if you refrain from talking to horses, why even a narrator must interrupt each time, which is exactly the main character? Indians are good, and western people are evil, they kill the native, torment horses, rude, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. Less-more, this is shown by the Spirit. It reaches a point where so many viewers are trying to hurt the travelers of the Wild West; they even had a scene of several horses that dragged a huge train to the hill, and the second scene destroyed the whole village of Indians. Now, the person whom the Spirit of Bridegroom has accidentally betrayed him on a number of occasions, but this is forgiving, obviously because he is not a soldier; yes or because he has a female horseshoe. The spirit is not exactly a victim to be pitied; the viewer should sympathize with the Spirit, despite putting his whole group of horses into danger, causing desolation, and even perhaps resulting in some off-screen deaths that are quickly pushed aside, oh no, Spirit is in trouble! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see on several occasions, as the Spirit escapes from the chains, strikes people around, destroys the property, releases horses, and then re-catches - all in the same order. It seems that writers also have an obsession with cliffs because they are sprinkled over the entire film; for the film from the West, they certainly do not have much space for entertainment. Bottom line: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact it's a bad thing, although it was targeted. So, instead of the typical musical, we get a boring film that becomes predictable, blunt and slow in many cases. Even a decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer is turned on. Everything about this movie was wrong; from ideals that were then Americans who were not natives, they were evil tentacles, to soundtracks and musical scores that looked so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has nothing to do with the Old West, has more Western feelings than this movie. Do yourself a favor and skip this with all the necessary means. Thank you.
