It's nice to see Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer make up one monumental piece of film garbage. It's nice to see people who are so rich and "successful" to spend their time on one of the most interesting, pathetic and pathetic pieces of film creativity of all time. This film represents the worst Hollywood. What is this? Is it based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts they read today. But then the film goes to some fantasy world and 'Cuban' refugees who will do it in the US drug subculture; like Rocka on a cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or the Cubans? For my life, I do not believe there is only one Kuban in this film. The accents are completely false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for Central American values. The whole scene looks like something from Dick Van Dike's show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. After that, the palma is palm. Is this a romantic novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the ghetto, and there is no possibility that these two characters will ever worry about one another. Is this a movie about drugs? Nothing of obsession or addiction is mentioned. Behavior of actors after a series of cocaine is nothing but drinking water. But the acting is terrible. We go to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin-elevator music or something that Lavrence Velk shov shows. I think I heard the regiment? Working with cameras is bad, with too many movements and many more cranes than it could ever have been effective. It is clear that the photo budget was too big. The sound is whitened in several places and it seems that the dialogue takes place in the warehouse. Writing is terrible. This is one of those movies that they wrote on their own. It pulls out of a tricky dialogue in the next, each pushes a plot like a bag of bricks. So I'll ask you, is it even a movie? It could be a drama series bathed for two and a half hours. But at least one drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of scenes that get shot badly. Whatever it is, film or not, it's a piece of shit.
