THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. I rarely see a video that is amazing as this one. Since he is French, is he trying to get the depth of it by being mysterious? Nothing really makes sense. Leo is gay and is just at breakfast for his family announced that HIV is positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet come for breakfast, and the first thing the family does is to decide that at the age of 12, it's too young to be able to tell her. Maybe if he had four or five, but twelve? The first completely incredible thing is that the family does not even ask where and how it came to the virus, how long does it know about it? nothing is being sought. They just worry that Marcel will find out. This is a very close provincial family, but even if they decide not to know that Marcel is aware of Leo's HIV positive status, or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all these news without any questions or reactions. How many families do you know where parents / brothers do not have at least some reaction to one of the members who announced that he is gay? Nothing. Leo decides to go to Paris to see her ex-lover. And he decided to go on the road, with all the people, Marcel. Do you know someone who would bring his little brother to go see his lover? Again, completely incredible, especially since Marcel does not need to know about his health problems, nor about his homosexuality. If this is the way the family decided to find out, it's pretty brutal and unbelievable again. Leo goes to find her lover, Aimerica, at her job in a bar in Paris. The owner says Aimeric will not be there until early evening. But why would Leo want to see him at work? Why do not you call and do not organize to see him in a place where they can talk? Why do not you visit him at his home? But no, Leo appeared later in the day (with Marcel) and is surprised when Aimeric does not leave everything to go for a walk with him for 5 minutes. Aimeric tells him that he is no longer available, left by Leo, and that Leo did not respond to any of his letters. Leo says "But I love you" and then he leaves. But if he really liked Aimeric, would not he just tell him about his HIV status, to warn him to test himself and get his medication? That would be the least he could do? but not peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aimerika that he might be infected with AIDS. This is completely irresponsible of him? and filmmakers; this movie is apparently made for a French TV series for young people ?? this is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I suppose "Every man for himself" is still a French way of working? The second aspect of the film that was completely incredible was a "sensitive" aspect. Everyone is always relying on someone, caressing someone or loving someone. Within the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France THIS physically, regardless of the whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg on the wing of his older brother, and the older brother caresses his leg while everyone is sitting and talking about something. How many brothers do you know who's physically close to? In the second scene, the same 17-year-old comes to Marcel's room and asks: "What's wrong, can not you sleep?" they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave the film a somewhat incestuous feeling. Excuse me, I do not believe this again, this is a regular behavior between a teenage brother. The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are quite okay? especially Marcel in the lead. But that was not enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Leo, but again, Marcel was left out? He remained concerned about his cousin (I think). He still sneaked in and watched the funeral from afar. Would you have done such a close family? It's completely inconceivable not to involve him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
