The recent boom from entertainment shows on US television screens has reached a fever since the first episode "The Bachelor". The unknown audience has since been subject to countless clones and variations, including The Bachelorette, Joe Millionaire, For Love or Monei, and the disgusting Married Bi America. Hoping to redeem this trend, and at the same time to take advantage of and exploit the new demography, Bravo has launched a disastrous "Boy of Child's Happiness" in the world. And let them be merciful to all of us. The premise is simple and it is designed to be carefree: an acceptable gay man is brought up by numerous ants, eliminated from the show until one is left, but there is a plant. Half of men are actually right. This is not a big deal, but the inherent evil of the scenario occurs after a payment is heard: if at the end of the show, a gay man chooses the right man to dress up, the real man wins the money prize. A gay man does not get anything, or at least no more than a few gifts for a break, a backlit, and a cordial circle "Is not it awkward? Well, thank you for playing!" Just like the equally sick "Kueer Eie for Straight Gui" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotype. What makes it worse is the fact that men make stereotypes for money. Manufacturers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in the hair of a man, wear Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, get all the hair on his body and get involved! It's a gai equivalent to putting a black artist in blackface, and also offensive to those of us - like me - who are truly gay and do not dress up / behave like that. This implies that gays do not have any variation or chance of individuality, that they can not behave like real people, but only as stereotypes. Regardless of the fact that the bank of the prosecutor is very lacking in any kind of diversity. They are all accurate, most are white, and everything looks too clean and purified. This is another example of how, instead of encouraging the acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of variation and change, Hollivood again took the stereotype and ran with him all the way to the bank. I feel sincerely dirty watching this show, as shown by any gay man who sees this unwashed parade of soft pornography as a legitimate television. 1 of 10
