I really wanted to love this show. Honestly, honestly. For the first time, gay viewers get their version of "Bachelor". With the help of his compulsory "faith," Andre, James, who looks good, has thirty and something, has the chance to love with 15 proseres (or "friend", as mentioned in the show). The only problem is that half of them are straight and James does not know. If James chooses gay, he gets a trip to New Zealand, and if he chooses the right one, the real guy gets $ 25,000. How can this not be fun?! Take my hand, let's go: The most prominent problem with this show is the guy himself. James is your typical young and successful gay guy with a nice smile and body, one for which you would probably give two views to your local tavern before they fled for green pastures. Why did they decide to give James as a leading man, that's beyond me. God knows that there are so many warmer and lively homosexuals dying to be on TV. Apart from his rather average physical appearance, James is so interesting and exciting as a chalkboard piece. Even as such, he has this arrogant, self-confident aura about him. However, if James stood against the empty, white wall, he would be buried in it. I honestly can not remember any interesting or valuable thing James said during the show. He's boring and unforgettable. In fact, one of his colleagues from the apartment warned him that he did not feel connected. I thought it was the best part of the show. Also, James speaks with a terribly boring idiot. It sounds feminine or audibly masculine, but do not copy the tones in the middle of the sentences ... so it's painful to sit. I hated him so much during the entire performance, I thought, "Please, choose the right guy and humiliate yourself and your unhappy wind" Then we have the coaches. An extremely mild type of people who seem to be not worried about what is happening. They are equally pale, they do not seem to be different from one type to another, except, "Hey, this guy has blondes or oh, he has curly hair." Again, incredibly incompetent decisions are the goal of this show. Although it might be hacked to type roles, it would be much more fun to watch these amorphous drones. However, in their banality, they still manage to seduce James (which is not hard to do anyway), a little less. You know that you have a problem when some of the gentlemen are really warmer and more interesting than the leading man. And the fact that the parasites look like they have more fun around EVERYONE than with the main man? Very sad. Also, I just thought that something I mentioned on bulletin boards that I thought was true: real men are getting warmer than gays. Do not misunderstand me, I'm not saying that all gai guys are ugly and boring, in fact, I found some of them very cute. Only they were BLAH compared to the men you'd watch on shows like Shot At Love with Tila Tekuila or The Bachelorette. I do not know how many times I have made quick progress during this show. I can accept the main character who is interesting as a cardboard box, I can accept terrestrial, apathetic prosets, but PLEASE for God's love to entertain me a bit. No such luck. If you expect drama, intrigue, sexiness or excitement, you will be disappointed in the North. The biggest "drama" stems from the fact that one of the fathers can still have a boyfriend in New York City (How Scandalous!). As much as it can be, I guarantee you, that's the only thing that seems to resemble any conflict in this show. There must be a plant, but if you have any similarities with Gaidar in you, you'll easily identify who (who was not at all difficult, I only made one mistake.) This series unites so many of its chips to a craft that it fails to deliver anywhere else. We can watch James & Co fruit in such exciting activities as learning how to step west dance, shopping for gifts, visit petting zoo, and gai karaoke. IAVN. You must have occasional toples dances, but who cares when everyone is annoying. This is one of the main problems with the show: It seems that nobody enjoys - they are just passing through the movement and it's hard to make them have a good time. And you can not really blame them because the events are wild and unimaginable and break. Finally, the physical aspect is not there. No pampering, no compassion, no kissing (!), No mercy of any kind. It's just "Okay, it was a boring date, I'll be back to my ugly, sticky flat in Sydney Operahouse (quick licking on the lips) of the CIA." This performance is so smart it's ridiculous. I can understand that they do not want to play the invisible nature of homosexual men, they are coming. People who watch television shows in reality want more than horrible hugs and short kisses. This broadcast refuses to make a compromise. I'm sorry if this took a long time, but I thought that these are the issues that need to be solved. I am praising Bravo for showing this event for the first time, but the incredibly incompetent way this issue has been worked out is astounding. To summarize my three points: Boring + Boring + Boring = Go to something else. You will have more fun by waiting for a doctor for a scheduled meeting, at least there are interesting magazines.
