The film seems unconnected and general, poorly written. The script moves like it was written by 10 different people, and none of them communicated with each other. Obviously, they wanted to take a page from Miracle on the 34th Street (original) movie, but this was done in such a bad way that the film decomposes. This movie is for very young people, and even they see the fact that the one who wrote it does not know anything about baseball. Such as: <br /> <br /> ?? When the Angels are dead at last, the owner does not seem to worry, nor does he mind the fact that his manager only fought with his pitcher ?? ON THE MOUND ?? or that PUNCHED played a live playlist on TV. However, when the team is a game of winning the division, it bends into shape through a story (referred to by a 6-year-old) that the manager receives help from the child who claims to see the true angels. What's up? The loss of a violent from a controlling manager whose team lost 15 in a row? Or a winning coach on the verge of playing, which works somewhat eccentrically and helps foster children? The reaction of the owner makes no sense. And he was about to change his mind from Maggie and her "straight from the cliché" speech during a press conference. ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? Angels should play for the Division in the final weekend series against Wyatt Sok, but at the end of the game, the announcer continues to say that the Angels have 'won the flag'. The burner does not decide until someone champions the league, not the regular seasonal division. Vhitt Bass, goofball pitcher is an initial pitcher and wins the game that interrupts the series Angels loses? then is the starting pitcher? YES AND. ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? Mel Clark (Tony Danza) said in the ninth inning he threw 156 pitches, in a match with a weak ball. This, usually about 80-90 parcels. "AL" angel says in the end "The champions must win by themselves," although he and his angels manipulated and fixed the games during the whole second half of the season. I could go on and on, because there are many other examples where the story is badly written. For younger children (under 10 years old) this movie can be fun. A pity? done right this could have been a classic. It's been done wrong and this is an unforgettable mess that will forever live as UHF / cable Saturday morning.
