WARNING! This review will reveal the end of the movie "Scoop". If you do not want to know how the movie ends, do not read this review! "Scoop" is so bad that you will think that "Annie Hall" is a coincidence. He gets one star, because you see Hugh Jackman's naked breasts. That's the only thing Scoop is doing for it. Voodie Alen is misogyny, and his fixation on enough young women, at this time, to be his grandson, has hacked every chance of filming movies. The action looks promising: the spirit, Ian McSayn, directs one stupid student, Scarlett Johansson, to investigate whether English Lord, Hugh Jackman, the notorious Tarot Card of the Slayers of prostitutes. Wizard, Voody Allen, helps the girl. Regardless of the promising plot, the movie completely lacks charm, humor or an atmosphere. It's an incredibly lead-acid, amateur effort for someone who made any previous movie, regardless of the dozens. Perhaps Allen had a blow that was not published in the press. Much is made from the fact that, unlike previous films, Voody Allen, who is now September, has PERFECTLY let the younger man lead to Get the girl. Not so. In fact, the shop is designed so that the girl does not get anyone. There is an early scene in which Johansson, for no reason at the center of the film, allows himself to get drunk, and seduced by a powerful, senior director. "Aware" is euphemism for what is happening. It's "slam, bam, I have to go" for a moment. It has nothing to do with the plot, and Johansson blackmails him in the eyes of the observer. Why did Alen add this unnecessary scene to the movie? Because she shows a powerful director - like Allen - sex with a female lead. Allen gets her cake and eats. Johansson is not an actress yet. She does not know how to command the screen except she wears a solid, low cut. She imitates Allen in several scenes, and that just looks strange and sad. It does not help her character a scriptwriter as a doll that can not function without a ghost, or an elderly person and less than an enthusiastic magician who tells her what to do at every step. She is roughly half of Jackman's years, and she meets as a very silly presence on the screen together in their scenes. Non-obsessed audience members deserve better in their heroes, and Jackman deserves even better - a script that gives heroin some intelligence and agency, and an actor who can transfer these qualities. <br /> <Hugh Jackman is also a scammed script. Allen obviously can not stand Jackman so stunningly beautiful and young, so he gives Jackman nothing to say or do. Like Johansson, it is used only for good looks. It's a shame because, as Jackman has shown in a number of productions, from "Oklahoma" to "X Men," he can act. This is a big plot - Jackman, polite, charming English Lord, is really a killer. So, even though the film says it's all about getting someone else, other than Allen, to be a girl, she does not get anyone. Jackman, the man with whom he was in love, is the man who killed a prostitute. Nice, Voodoo. A nice way to punish a hero because it's beyond your reach. In a passive aggressive touch, Allen deprives her heroin and her own presence, killing her character, magicians, leaving Scarlett Johansson all Just at the end of the movie. Final note: On my screen, no audience member laughed at any time during the movie. Always a bad sign when a movie is advertised as a comedy.
