I looked at the full house when I was younger and I could not understand why I did it. I do not remember really enjoying the show. I think that I am, and most of the Americans who watched this were hypnotized by its poorness. He will put you in a state of trance and no return. I'm still a scar, but I'm trying to keep on going. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it must be so bad. The emission is an SO-cliche with every episode that ends with a "story" of Daddy so that the problems of all disappear. The characters in the show are all disgusting. There is all this, a clean, obsessed, gnarled father whom you want to hit face every time he comes to the screen. Then we have an alleged "roker" of uncle who is only here that looks nice for moms who have to watch this shit. We have another uncle who is completely incomprehensible and the poor Bulvinkle impression (I have to say more about him). There is also the oldest daughter who can not behave and always kicks on something. Then the middle daughter who always says: "HOW MUCH IS MUCH!" to almost anything anyone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Do not get me started on Michelle, but to the terrible actors known as The Olsen Tvins. If you believe in Christianity, I suppose you would connect with the antichrist. She always searches for things, she is too busy to be "cute", she always speaks "HIM!" and turns her eyes that makes you want to hit her. I am not a big fan to use a lot of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case, I would have accepted. She needed her everyday. She is the most personal figure ever introduced in mainstream television. One such example is when her dead uncle is busy doing her job in the attic. The boy decides that he is constantly nervous and requires attention. He yells at her and she gets upset. POOR BABI! The rest of the episode meets her emotional needs and her uncle eventually apologizes. UGGHH! The show will reduce your IK along with the slow destruction of your will for life. I am surprised that we do not hear in the news about a full house playing in the background when the police find people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not look at reprisals. You'll thank me later.
