What is the most horrible movie ever made? Gynecological nightmare 'Cries and Vhispers'? Acid Psychodrams Fasbinder? An Incredible Black Comedy 'Last House on the Left? I'm sure that for the part of the movie that loves the movie that binds its mast for the good ship Buster Keaton, there is only one answer - any of his soundtracks. I do not know what sharply sculpted my soul in this film - the foundation of Keaton's intricate and expansive physical art on a boring slapstick; the painful hesitation of the main masters of dialogue - not that he has a beautiful, comical voice, or that he can not make the dialog funny; only the studio seems to have given him no time and seems to be trying to remember his lines before he delivers them, which only makes him - Keaton, not his character, seems ridiculous; Or is it a humiliation when Keaton was preoccupied with a difficult sex farce when he gave us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in the film? No, I know what is most troubling - to watch Buster Keaton, the greatest comedy in the movie, sit aside to watch Jimmy Durante doing his chic. These horrors have led Dantes to compose you in Infernos. MGM seems to have a strange idea that the best way for Keaton to adjust the sound is to turn him into Mark's brother, along with verbal pedantry, elaborate, boring 'clown', shambolic slapstick, theatrical setting, triumph through chaos, and Thelma Todd. Keaton was not exactly such a comic and where Grouch's malicious language and cheerful opportunism can only make this action, Buster's socially incompetent professor can not, he is too studied and predictable. What Buster needed was to allow an experiment such as Lang in 'M', or Rene Clair; he would never try to keep the tide like Chaplin. When a movie like "General" alludes to - tramping on trains - the loss becomes even more apparent. The thing is, in the patch in the middle of a straight line, the film is not so bad - there is a great earthquake when the camera leaves the Keaton on the bus at the railway station; and the dissolution, if it is barely genuine, is at least more abundant than what preceded it. There is something that is almost pleasing about the way Keaton slows down the action that needs a zip. There is a film about loneliness, an emotionally paralyzing order, the stunning effects of education, etc., who struggle to get out. The best way to appreciate this film is not to look at the story of Professor Tz Post, but about the broken genius of Buster Keaton, trapped in a prison in centrality, confused by new technology, ridiculed by malicious destiny (in this case, studio). Thus, it is becoming a kind of masterpiece.
