Being a fan of Buster Keaton is for your heart to be broken on a regular basis. Most of us first met Keaton in one of the great feature films from his great period of independent production: 'General', 'Navigator', 'Sherlock Jnr'. We recognize him as the greatest personality in the entire history of film comedy and we want to see more of his films. Here begins the heart. After 'Steamboat Bill Jnr', Keaton's son-in-law, Joseph Schenck, forced him to sign a contract that Keaton was placed under the control of MGM. Keaton became just another actor for hire, performing other scenarios. Then his alcoholism worsened. After 'Steamboat Bill Jnr', Keaton never made a real movie again. Several sources describe an artificial comedy that Keaton claimed * almost * must do in MGM: parody at 'Grand Hotel'. Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton invented this story. The heart rises because, in the long-standing Keaton long-term decline, only occasionally came to a good movie ... as his short comedy 'Grand Slam Opera'. I continue to look for Lost Shots of the Keaton Drama Scene with Spencer Tracy in 'It's Mad Mad Worl': a sequence in which a bitter policeman Traci telephones an old retired cheat (Keaton) and is trying to recruit his help in stealing Money Smiler Grogan's money. This video almost certainly disappeared forever, but I'm constantly looking for it. 'Speak Easy', unfortunately, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of his fall. MGM was trying to build Jimmy Durante (who accidentally played Smiler Grogan for three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durante by associating it with Keaton, whose style of comedy was simply not compatible with Durante's. (I love both of them.) During his career, Durante was a ruthless thief in the scene: it was commendable, he knew that he was building on Keaton's cost, and Keaton was the only co-actress whom Durante never attempted to pop up. Keaton was often the victim of extremely cruel machination. In 'Speaking Easy', he plays a didactic and humorous Middle West teacher called Post (because he's as woody as one) who receives a letter informing him that he has inherited $ 750,000, which he has to go to New York to look for. Does he call the phone to confirm this? Does he even check the postal stamp? Not; He takes life savings from the bank and runs to New York. As soon as he left, Post's servant admits he has written a (fake) letter to run Professor Post from his rack! Post, who thinks he is a 3/4 millionth, crosses the roads with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who is trying to produce a musical show, but no money. The characters that these two brilliant comedians play on the screen simply fail to mix. Keaton plays one of those jaw heads (like Mister Logic in 'Visa') that all intellectuals. Durante plays one of those boring hepats who are not able to make any direct statement, as the script requires him to always speak in the slang. There is a painfully ungrateful scene in the dialogue where Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but instead of immediately coming out with it, Durante has to use increasingly complicated jargon terms such as 'kale', 'cartwheels' and so on ... while Keaton of course has no idea what Durante is. I give Keaton credit: his own dry and dusty prairie voice, his flat Kansas accent, is absolutely perfect for the character who plays here. Sidney Toler, looking much thinner and earlier here than he would have been just a year later, is impressive as an exciting director of the magazine financed by (on snowshoes) Professor Post. Henry Armetta, whom I never found ridiculous, is even less ridiculous than usual, offering a run with a stupid payoff. Thelma Todd impressed me here, in the more bad version of the role she played in 'Horse Feathers' (much funny movie). Edward Brophi, one of my favorite actors, is lost. Part of the problem with "Speak Easi" is that the auxiliary characters behave in totally inappropriate ways. Keaton's lawyer appeared in Durante's theater with an urgent message for Keaton ... but he is not there, so the lawyer continues to reveal Keaton's personal affairs to the first total stranger to fortune. (Release that lawyer, Buster!) In the second scene, Professor Post - the guy who thought he was dealing with this music - a confusion in the girls' room in choral girls, and all the horny girls immediately blew and cover. I know the fact that * modern choral girls will never react in this way, and I seriously doubt that horror girls in 1932 behaved ... certainly not as an answer to the 'angel' who controls their performances. > <br /> SPOILERS COMING. About half an hour in an ungrateful "Speak Easy," the great Jimmy Durante sits at the piano, smiles at the camera and makes that distinctive little quake to his head as he starts to play the melody. This is the moment when I thought that finally this film will finally begin to calm down with the purpose of entertaining us. No, no. The most unfavorable of all is the ending of this film, which uses the most open and unusual cliches in comedy: the one in which the extremely incompetent dimitic becomes a star comedian through his inability. (Keaton would have been forced to repeat this cliché in the 1955 episode "Screen Directors Plaihouse", Chaplin already used it in the "Circus.") Almost I cried - in anger and sorrow - at futile occasions in 'Speak Easi'. Mainly from respect for the work done by Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophi and Miss Todd elsewhere, I will evaluate this film 2 points out of 10. <br />
