For most younger viewers there, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So, for that reason, they will probably not be so sad when they watch this movie as me. I'm incidentally a silent comedy - I see almost every Keaton movie. My big fan has made this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because during those days Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian. He was incredible in his physicality, and his films were almost never boring. However, in a move that film historians are still confusing, at the end of the silent period, Keaton gave up his independence and became a MGM shareholder. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton solely as an actor - and wrote scripts that did not respect what made him great. Initially, these films with MGM were not as bad (as THE CAMERAMAN), but with talkie, the studio really ruined it - putting it in several films with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his grunting gift and was abrasive. Keaton, on the contrary, was quiet and based on action. It would be hard to find two more different and incompatible actors. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some really terrible films. Now that does not mean that SPEAK EASILI is a horrible movie. No, instead, it's just a passing time and incredibly sterile. In fact, if you enter into a film on the assumption that it is a comedy, it will probably make the movie more difficult to enjoy. Instead, it is a kind of drama with several comedic elements. It's NOT a movie that will produce a belly of laughter - especially for Keaton's fans. The film begins in an unusual environment. Keaton acted as a college professor whose whole life taught. He does not know anything about the world and has his nose in the books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant deceived him to believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from his dead relatives - hoping to encourage Keaton to go out and enjoy life. This is incredibly fictitious, but somehow it works. Not very well, but it works. Keaton leaves school immediately and goes on a trip to New York to have some fun. On the way there, he meets with an incredibly untalented theater hull. Because she does not know anything about the world, she does not seem to understand that she smells. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the start of the show, his friends learn that Keaton is not rich. So they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from process servers who want to close the show. They assume that if the show is hit, then they can repay debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the broadcast itself smells. What to do? And, will Keaton get a beautiful girlfriend, get a slave mug (Thelma Todd) or will she be broken by herself? If you care, watch the movie. As for Keaton, he has several stunts in the movie, although there are those close to the end. Instead, Keaton only takes a little walk through the part in a very muted way. There is really little love for this movie or hate. It's just blah .... when it should be much better.
