I saw this film during the weekend and while I was impressed by the beauty and polishing of ecclesiastical films, I left disappointed that this one fell so brief that it did not inform the members and left the investigators with many unanswered questions. > The movie is a 70 minute vignette from the life of Joseph Smith. It's not a true biographer, because there is no real coherent narration. Most of the episodes worry Joseph to do good work, play baseball, run races and laugh with children, often on the go. What a great man, what was Joseph, huh? Look at him there fighting the carpet for his wife Emma. So, how about the plaster of his 33 plural women? Nothing is mentioned about polygamy. A sharp failure. And it's in such failures when the film falls. It gives insufficient information and leaves members of the critical thinking opinion to wonder WHY Joseph is catalyzed and decorated, WHY is cast into jail and WHY does this mob want to kill him? The highlight of the film is, of course, the departure of Joseph and Hirum to the prison in Cartagena (a ride along the real United Nations faces looking from the door of Nauvoa). But VHI is never mentioned. Nothing about Smith suppressed by the Nauvoo Expositor newspaper and told her journalist to be destroyed for revealing the secret learning of polygamy. The audience is left to ask or assume that it is just an ill-founded persecution of the Church. He did not mention that Joseph was charged with treason over the proclamation of a state of emergency and the calling of the Nauvoo police. Of course, I did not expect this film produced in the Church to present Joseph Bushman's recent biography of Richard Bushman Rough Stone Rolling, but I was surprised and surprised how little the substance was actually presented. And worse, the substance was presented often was incorrect. Two examples jumped out of me. First, the translation of the Book of Mormon. The film shows Joseph, who reads the gold plates in the two-ring binder, which are in fact hidden away from the site. It is well known that Joseph translated by burying his face in his hat, looking at him in a pitiful stone. Another inaccuracy occurs in a prison in Cartagena, where the mafia strikes the cell. Church history reports that Joseph had six and even fired several bullets before jumping out of the window and gave the Masonic signal of distress (as published in Times & Seasons). showing the reality of the shooting would destroy the heart created by filmmakers, but by omitting it, they were unbelievable history and failed to show Josepha as he really was: handsome with a gun and capable of defending himself. In fact, the film's impression is that Joseph was a nice guy, but also something like a milky one who was beaten, thrown into prison and eventually killed in cold blood. He was far from it; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who suffered a lot of difficulty and struggle to accomplish what he believed. Take a look at the movie, but you know it's cotton sweets. Then take your flesh and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman's biography of Smith, Rough Stone Rolling. PS: The films produced in the church do not have any merit, but the experienced eyes can be selected by several famous faces. Rick Maci is as good as Joseph Smith, the elderly and Bruce Nevbold, loved as Thomas in finding the faith in Christ, plays a submerged methodist service here that has failed to show Christian love to a young seeker for Truth.
