This one came out during the last sigh of the Western genre; unfortunately, it turned out to be a very small and totally unsatisfactory effort - even if it was made by both the veterans on the ground! To begin with, the plot does not offer anything new: James Coburn escapes from a chain gang, intent on killing a man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While he sets a trap for him, Coburn overwhelms Heston with the kidnapping of his daughter (Barbara Hershei). Of course, a former policeman - accompanied by Hershey's Bunny (Chris Mitchum) - is on the lookout for Coburn and his followers, who together broke with him a prison. Instead of leading the procedure in his usual sub-Ford style, McLagland deals with the Peckinpah's approach - with which he is never completely relaxed: the repelling character, the abundance of violence, and the sexual tension created by Hersheyn's presence among Coburn's health group. Otherwise, Heston and Coburn first appeared together in Sam Peckinpach Western - the problematic MAJOR DUNDEU (1965; I really need to pick up the updated edition of this on DVD, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in pan-and-scan \ t format off TCM UK). In any case, the film is too generic to achieve a stylish mood that is obviously tougher (suggested by him and the title): again, both stars have already paid the appropriate punishment to most of the American genres - VILL PENNI (1968) for Heston and Coburn PAT GARRETT & BILLI THE KID (1973)! At least, however, Heston retains a little dignity here - his image of aging is trying to stay in front of Coburn by foreseeing what his next move will be; This second, however, deals with an unusual, brutal role and only comes to the fore at the peak (enjoying his vengeance by seducing Heston to testify about the rape of Hershei by his associates). In addition to this latter, this long sequence shows that Heston tries to deceive Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), and then the evil gang trapped in a fire that ignited the practice Heston and the violent death of obsolete protagonists (such as was his way, Heston's death takes the form of a free victim!) The supporting composition includes Michael Parks as an inefficient city mate, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant, and Larry Vilcock. - TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of Coburn's gang who is in charge of guarding Hershei (as he tries to keep his fellow salivaries)! Jerry Goldsmith contributes to a delicious but also unparalleled result.
