First of all, frankly sympathetically with everyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of watching a movie in the same mold as the fantastic Gregorian girl and local hero, but eventually left the theater disappointed and vaguely cheated. Although it is true that the sequences are usually at least some notable exceptions, there is a mistake and only exist to give study managers the chance to streamline the success of the previous film by offering us or a rarely concealed reconstruction of the original story or a line drawn so far away from the intention of the original that the resulting film makes no sense . In the case of Gregori's Tvo Girls, Bill Forsith has a dubious honor to manage both sins - on the one hand, he reviews the plot of Gregory's Girl, while at the same time serving a truly incredible and dark story involving Scottish arms dealers. Guru Gregory is now a teacher in the same school where at the age of 16 he was in a passionate passion for Dorothy football. Although he has thirty-five years now, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for football playing Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that music professor Bel made it clear he was attracted. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress on her led to his participation in the plan to uncover a local arms dealer who is also by accident an old school. It makes no sense to go on, because the rest of the story is forgetful, and the ending does not make any sense. The main problem lies in the character of Grigory himself, in that there is no sign of the lovely and charming 16-year-old Gregorio who actively and comically follows Dorothy confident that he will eventually win. For thirty-five years, Gregory has been portrayed as a rather sad creature without friendship, whose life is neither active nor comical. Out of work his time was spent on watching a video of Noam Chomsky and reading a journal on international innocence. Since his friends and family from the previous film apparently disappeared, rescuing two senseless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer offers him advice or is interested in his life, we are confused about what Gregory really is, who really wants him . he is and why he is the way he is. Why, for example, is not a friend? Why he never sees his father, who is obviously still alive? Why did he return to teach at the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noah Chomsky and injustice? Why has he become so apathetic? Why is Frances attracted to him? Why does Bel does not attract him to the last twenty minutes of the film? What, in the name of God, Bel or Frances see in him, because he is neither dead nor not beautiful, nor even interesting? Why is he still trying to impress Frances even after he and Bel became an object and when their association threatens to completely disrupt his life? Do we really believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells weapons with torture to repressive regimes could succeed in avoiding media surveillance, but that he will fall on a few school children? Does Gregory really think that throwing a handful of computers to the sea will change something? To make things worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair is trying to re-examine his performance as an adolescent Gregory to the expression of his face and the awkward speech of the body. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five it just seems strange and unclearly violent. In addition, it is difficult to feel sympathy or compassion with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniformed boys while both lay on a bunch of carpet. Instead of being fun, it simply stinks to pedophilia. It's hard to know what went through Bill Forsitha's head when he wrote this scenario or why he thought that the fans of the original film would accept a story that completely lacked the charm, wit and warmth that turned the first film into a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a film about a man who refuses to grow up and devotes to adult life, and perhaps even the happiest memories of which were sixteen years and the quest for the best girl in school, but who is gradually forced to accept that life in the past there is no life at all. It could at least be the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. As Gregori's Tvo Girls adds 116 lost and meaningless minutes saying nothing and marking even less. Gregory's girlfriend was responsible for the career of Bill Forsythe, hoping that Gregori's Tvo Girls would not be responsible for his immersion.
