In the days before he took over the top and sex, horror films were made. Castle of Blood is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other reviewers gave it mixed ratings. In a strange way, it reminds the newer The Others, who was in the movies a few years ago. Director Antonio Margheriti rearranged his image in 1970, calling this time the Web Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why he did not do it, I do not understand, although the remake was played by Anthony Francios and Klaus Kinski and he was very good in his own right. Maybe he saw a good story and wanted to adapt him more to the American audience. I really do not know. It's interesting that he made the original in black and white and the remake of color. Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. For La Danza Macabre it is said that the unpublished work of Edgar Allen Poa, who "appears" in this film. Po and Lord Blackwood, the owner of the haunted castle, bet on American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend the Night of the Soul in the mentioned castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet, but soon complains about it, because the witness is a series of murders committed by ghosts. It appears that ghosts return to life once every few years, but are condemned to begin the crimes that have been committed in life. Lord Blackwood simply forgot to tell Foster that he needed blood to be resurrected in the next Night of All Souls! She does not need Foster and beautiful Elisabeth Blackvood (presented by incomparable Barbara Steele) long to fall in love, although their romance is doomed to ruin because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not end, but I will just say that the Blood Castle is a romantic tragedy every time, because it's a terrible story. Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even with the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make a real horror better than anyone, and a somewhat blurry black-and-white recording only reinforces this. Honestly, the Web of the Spider was fine in itself, even with color and greater brightness. I loved backlogs, for which most modern directors have no patience. Indeed, when Alan first entered the convicted castle, we were treated for a few minutes that he was doing nothing but wandering from room to room, that his fear and discomfort created his face and manners. When the first spirit arises, the audience is thoroughly prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and ghosts, something that is often not done in standard ghost stories. There are also unforgettable scenes, very visual for this kind of film. Elisabeth's "murder" and dance scene (reminiscent of a similar dance of wolves in a carnival soul in 1962) were particularly good. Unfortunately, several viewers of general interest will never hear, and even less see, This film. It's a shame, because this is a cut above the rest. I got a copy from Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought anywhere else. For people interested in this genre, it's mandatory to see.
