Jochen Hick wrote and directed this small thriller film about uncertainty based on the concept that the AIDS virus is a sheep virus mutated by the government to free the gay world and that it has been obviously tested on convicts in years before the outbreak of a terrible disease. . If there was no sharpness of the film concept, this would fall into the category of many films about the destruction of the world by an unbridled infectious organism. Stefan (Tom Vlaschiha)) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its effects from convicts into which it is inserted. He encounters some disdain and resistance to dead theory, but also encounters some people who know the theory and support his investigation. At the same time, his series of serial killings takes place, each victim is killed in a similar manner, and every murder is apparently followed by the music of Puccini's opera "Turandot", which just opens in the San Francisco Opera. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irt Levi) and her police officer (Kalena Parker) are following the murders while Stefan leads a series of sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to find men who may have been guilty of his father's theory. He encounters a strange young man named Jim Thalman with whom he has the attraction of a cat and mouse and prominent doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in actors' suspicions. How does this end up being a movie, tells how much of a search for one's own identity between Stefan and Jeffery, such as the murder investigation. While Tom Vlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti agree well with their roles (they are the only three who have any previous experience in the film!), the quality of the film drops considerably from the less acceptable minimum talented Irita Levi and Kailene Parker: The credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some other small actors who beautify the screen for the moments in which they live, but throughout the movie, the continuous play of 'Nessun dorma' sung by Mario del Monaco from the opera is doused - and it seems to be the reason for filming! Good idea for the movie and some good features by the actors, but there is no resolution of the starting premise that has triggered the whole thing. Gradi Harp, February 6th
