The action of "Astronut Returns to Earth as a Mutant Monster" was extinct in the 1950s mainly due to the scientific fact that a journey outside of the Earth's orbit does not cause people to turn to mutated monsters, and that the first film uses this plot THE KUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only competent sci- fi movie that used the idea. So, the idea that a redundant return to land makes from the beginning is condemned. Unfortunately, looking at the incredible baking man, it seems that the plot is the smallest of his problems. The budget is in one issue, and I'm talking about the lira, not the dollar. There is no cinema that could be spoken of and countless editing errors. For example, a photographer takes his (Bareli legal) model for photography. Cut into a snapshot where the sun is right behind the model, then cut into a photo where the sun is right behind him, then return to the model where the sun ... The lack of budget drags the movie to other aspects. According to a trivial page, the budget was so low that the producers could not get any record of Saturn, and when the astronaut Steve West remembers what a beautiful Saturn looks like we get the sunshine. Actually, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the movie, because the actors would not be employed in the porn studio. If I were to appear in this, I would not be scared of the eponymous monster - I would be scared of the fragment from the rest of the actors. Perhaps we should forgive, for the apparent lack of a budget manifests itself in things such as the actors had to wear their clothes. For example, the general does not wear his fine medallion dress - wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap. There must be a suspension of incredulity for a movie like this to work, but it fails at every level. The tone was set early in the film in which Mr. Melti killed his sister and escaped from the hospital. Instead of receiving a call from the police for the killing, dr. Nelson decides to find my patient just like I'm looking for a missing cat. It's strange that a completely disarming killer monster can walk on the road without anyone noticing it, but this is typical of a movie in which an aggressive 70-year-old stops his car on dark roads, and people relentlessly state that their wife is pregnant Forgets to tell them she's pregnant. police that the monster is at large. The incredible burner is Z-grade garbage. I can definitely understand why people enjoy this film because it reaches the height of "It's so bad that it's good," but apart from the sometimes impressive makeup effects of Rick Baker, it's nothing but a very wrong pleasure
