A few days ago I was looking at a documentary called THE VORLD MOVIES OF ALL TIME and this is where I first heard about WONDERFUL WARNING. Being a lover in shell films, I'm trying to try to find some of the movies from a documentary film - not just to include an invisible singing person. In fact, MELTING MAN is the first "bad movie" I've ever seen since, and I must say I'm pretty disappointed. Although it's a really bad movie, it's not nearly as close to getting involved in this list. Now, before looking at the documentary, I enjoyed the "bad films" since I read the book Fifty Fierce Movies of All Time "Harry Bear. Despite the same title, the book came out long before the documentary and creators of the documentary film Medved have never attributed this concept: I saw about 35 out of 50 movies from Medved's book, but they came to a dead end - the other films are not available on VHS or DVD. So I thought to try a movie under the same name . The reason I was most disappointed by WONDERFUL NIKE It was obvious that the professional (known Rich Baker) took part in the fact that this look seems realistic. However, I should also emphasize that there are a lot of good elements in the film, that there were more cheaper and cheesy effects - such as the floating plastic head and the way the monster was running around after his left arm was cut - you could see it "cleverly hidden" under a garment! " As for the story, it's just stupid. The astronaut group wondrously penetrates the Saturn rings without being broken. Then, they comment that the sun is beautiful - as we see it closely. This is weird, because Saturn is so far away from him - it should not look like this - it should be a big stain. Nevertheless, the scene is changing immediately and we were told that one of the surviving astronauts was in the hospital. What happened between the last scene and this one? Yes, everyone was hit. Well, soon after that, the survivors escape and crash into a killer game as his whole body melts. Now, given that they have a psychopath that looks like a melting liquor, you think the government could take out all the breaks to find it and stop it, do not you ?! Wrong. General hires a lonely doctor to find him !! Without the army, without the police - just some crazy doctor. Even when the bodies begin to agree, at no time doctors or the general do anything to organize a meaningful search or get support. Now, given the stupidity of the film, you would not be surprised either. to find the following: When he melts away running around the doctor's house, the doctor gives the woman a strong sedative and leaves her in the house. When a cute old couple drives late at night, naturally they stop in the orchard to pick up fruits and kill themselves. When the lady sees the melting type, she barricades the door to be protected. It would be wise not to have the back door of her house beside her! Instead of leaving the house and escaping, she just waits! When a photographer and his model take snapshots, the guy grabs his assistant and takes it off the top. Why? So give the audience a bit of excitement and make it a rating of R. When melting finally found and the sheriff has a clear blow to it, the doctor stops him - although now the monster has killed about half a dozen people. So, as you can see, the movie abounds with stupid elements of the action. It's a very bad movie. But, given the occasionally good special effects, it just was not a horrible movie as I was hoping. Of course, this is good for laughter, but there is no place near PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE in the evil and never should have been involved in someone's worst film list.
