I'm not kidding. He was terrible from God. Last night I watched my local Sci-fi station that every night, within the monthly theme, released movies. This month is "Space Turkeis, or: How I Learned to Not Worry and I Love Bombs". Movies are so bad that they should never have been filmed. This was a good choice. Everything about this movie is completely terrible with two exceptions, makeup up (which showed potential) and editing (which is a bit left over from the rest of the film, the terrible term). The acting is horrible everywhere, the dialogue is horrible, the scenario, the direction. It's not a good movie. It consists of two types of special effects, up and space snapshots. I'm going to focus. Looking at this film, I thought: "What was the motivation for creating this movie?" People like to do things, of course, but I hesitate to think that anything good comes from it for anyone involved. I came to the conclusion that this film was made as a means to increase the Demo Reel boy for the effects of makeup. He actually went to a pretty career, worked on STAR VARS (1977), KING KONG (1976), MEN IN BLACK (1996), and even THE UNCERTAIN WOMAN (1981), plus several other significant breakthroughs. In addition, I can not say that I have actually seen a real, alive, mumble, or otherwise, but I have to say that this seemed like a just representation of one. Now, when I think about bad editing, I usually think of a scene in which someone is talking on the phone and then, in the middle of a scene, the phone jumps to his shoulder, or something like that. This movie really serves to highlight the fact that poor editing can have different shapes. Specifically, a long and completely useless scene. Almost every scene dragged longer than it was supposed, from a bit of dead air to that crazy long screaming scene with Cleaver Girl. And this cut-off head in the river, the head is thrown into the river (slowly), the film continues for a few minutes, then we cut down on the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall. Although I'm sure everyone was very proud of their cut off head, WHAT IS HELL? At the end, I will mention the running ladies / slow-down scene immediately at the beginning. A trembling slow motion tells me that they did not shoot the scene in a slow motion, but later decided it was "not doing so" and then slowed down. Oi vei. Anyway, if you would ever see another movie in which a hysterical fat woman runs down the hallway, then directly through the closed, glass door - everything in slow motion, remember - remember the unknown singer, because * this * is where it all started . Such films are best seen at home with a bunch of friends. This is a bit slower most of the time, but it's even more time to invent your own line numbers. It's not the worst of the worst, but it's pretty bad.
