I think my favorite part of this film, the one that illustrates the pure nonsense, the stupidity and stupidity of the proceedings, came at the peak of the film. DOCTOR TED NELSON and his unmarried friend of the sheriff were finally captured by a man who melts into the fall of the stairs at an electric power plant. Keep in mind that Nelson searched for MM for almost the entire movie, and that MM killed and ate several people at this time (including his boss), and Nelson is very aware that the MM is violently crazy and hungry for people's flesh and blood. So the sheriff has his gun directed at MM, which is, and I give Rick Baker's film and equipment for this, the most troublesome and terrifying object in human form we've ever seen. And a very important question is dictated by DOKTOR TED NELSON: "WHAT WE WORK NOW?!?!?" The camera goes to DOCTOR TED NELSON, and it's obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next. Apparently, Ted was so focused on the FOUNDER'S OBJECT, he never thought to bring some retention devices, a hair, a crazy shirt, or a net, or some arrows to calm down, or perhaps Venger's New Age tape to alleviate the Wild Beast. So the sheriff panic and shoots, the man who melts crazy and makes a joy. Perhaps this explains why NASA was screwing with Space Shuttle in the sub-lunar space for the past 30 years, instead of returning to the Moon or Mars as everyone knows they should be working. I do not know. In any case, it is a kind of bad, lazy writing and direction that underlines every aspect of this movie. It's hard to say how actors are really good, because the movie has a complete disdain for their characters. Two other incredibly painful sequences also raise the nonsense of the process: There is a scene in which the lumpiest old couple in the world appears to be trying to steal a lemon from a woodpecker, to be torn by a melting man. This scene is on the cinema of the 70's. I can assure you that you have never seen a senseless and irritating environment with disgusting people in your life. An attack on a man who melts a man who lives in a house holding a horse that pisses on the walls defies every attempt to process it. (BTV, I think that the famous film director Jonathon Demme has a walk on this scene as Redneck's husband who enters the first to check the house and never gets out anymore. The only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the landscape is that, as I said, their horse obviously we were forced to watch her hysteria for at least two minutes longer than any film director of SANE would have recorded. Burr DeBenning should beat IMM's director and photographer. from the old columbo episode in which he looked much better than the It's here - no one had the idea of ​​a leading man, but he was firm and unobtrusive. But no one could be so irresistible in real life as his director made him look here. shut up, I know they played for laughter, but I'm not laughing!), but not much. This definitely belongs to the category of movie catastrophe "You can not look so bad" Still, I would watch it was again before I watched many other abortions of the 70's and 80's ("Track of the Moonbeast" and "It Lives Bi Night" come to mind), and MS -this coverage is very fun, so if you have the opportunity to look MST version.
