With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Varner on the sky train, this was 94 minutes of terrible awe! The acting was terrible, but the story is what I really found terrible. The performance was wooden and stiff, even with early standards for speakers (exceptions are Lee Traci and HB Varner, none of which can be mistaken). Rose Hobart was absolutely terrible and lifeless as Julie (as she was in 1932, Dr. Jekill and Mr. Hide, an excellent movie). And the rest of the actors were worse, without words that would describe their horror. But it's worse than acting, however, it was a story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Lilia, cad and women's women without any redemption qualities. He marries Julie, but he does not support it, but lies in bed all day or hangs out with his criminal friend (Lee Traci). And, oh, yeah, he never had a good word to say to Julie and he was regularly fighting. Julie still likes him and he constantly speaks for him, which makes him just make him offensive. It is even harder for this film to present this story as a love story. Somehow, we should see Julie as a noble character whose pure love is bought by Lilia. VTF? The last 1/3 of this film takes place after Lili's murder (the plot of robbery goes wrong and Liliu inserts a knife into himself instead of the police take him away). While lying dying, he says to Julie: "I beat you all the time, but I'm not sorry about that." When he finally dies, he finally tells him he loves him. (No character has said "I love you" to another while they were alive.) After his death, God's chief judge gives Lilium another day on earth, so that he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliomu was allowed one day to see his 10-year-old daughter. She approaches her in the backyard of her house and tries to persuade him to "do something good" for her; he is trying to force him to play cards, he tries to give Gabriel a horn, but she is not interested and rejects him. So he hit it. He. Slaps. Her. And then he disappears back into the grave life. Looking, we see his daughter tell Julie about this. The girl says the slap is not hurt, she felt like a kiss. This should be the magic moment of the film. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat and beat you and beat you, without hurting you at all." Then the music is raining and Lilia drives to heaven in the sky train. BLECH! It was one of the salutary merits for this film, an interview between the chief judge (HB Varner was really magnificent here) and Lilia on the sky train. The Magistrate had some very deep things to tell Liliom about life and other chances and deaths. This scene itself made me grade 1 to 2 stars. Regarding Lilioma's suicide as a means of avoiding his problems, the judge says: "People assume that when they die, their difficulties end up with them. You thought that by killing yourself, you would undo all your responsibilities. Your name is still spoken on Earth your face is still remembered, as long as you have left who is remembered, for so long it is a matter that is unreasonable, until you are completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, even though you are dead. " Some great exalted transcendental things among some of the most terrible trash I've ever seen. By the way, this story has obviously been shot many times both as "Lilium" and as a musical "Carousel".
