Universal's response to the "Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a mild, unimaginable direction from Michael Winner, who spends an extraordinary cast with a screenplay that masks the crater size holes. Not to mention, unbearably stupid never explains some of the key elements in the story. The model of Cristina Raines moves to the high-rise, owned by the Catholic Church, with the furious, blind priest John Carradine, who breaks down there always on the window. It starts to suffer from the slight spell and nausea. What's worse are the tenants who meet in the building, such as Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (great looking at 55) is a Realtor who showed Raines a place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after she found out she had an affair. Jose Ferrer has a small role as a "priest of fraternity", who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful while moving to the high bay, not only in the house of Carradine, but also with Raines. Sarandon sends one hand hired to the high street one night to check a room above Cristina's apartment, where she heard a metal rattle and another noise. The same night Cristina "kills" her dead father in the nightmare. Screaming in the streets, Kristina really has blood on her that brings police detective Elia Volk and partner Christopher Walken to investigate them with certainty that all this kind of leads back to Saranden who is a lawyer who once beaten a court officer in connection with the suicide of an entire woman. This case is really a motivating factor Vallach's persistent approach to discovering whose blood is really on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martina Balzam as a professor who understands this type of Latin. Kristina mysteriously understands and does not charge actors like Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a person interested in this particular room that became available in the room itself (now renovated) that Cristina once stayed in it! What troubles me more than all is the lack of explanation. At the end of the film, Vallach and Valken are forgotten and it remains to ask us why they just got up and stopped exploring. Their characters are just left on the last cutter. How the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain person will die and has to be replaced to keep a certain gate at that high rise and why Cristina suffers from the trauma she is working on is not adequately explained. As certain spirits are just appearing in Cristina and disappearing when he tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during the birth of a cat (see for yourself) is not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the great scheme of things ... she brings people to that high ascent, but what are the reasons for her in the movie? It seems that this film should have been longer and cleaned things that remained lost to a hasty conclusion that is just funny when it should be daunting.
