The prison was set up in Wyoming, where work on a new prison was encountered, so the state committee decided to reopen the old state prison which was closed for 20 years, the commander is the manager Eaton Sharp (Lane Smith). 200 prisoners are sent and they are put to work by repairs of a closed prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) ordered to break into the old enforcement chamber, he is bound, but when he penetrates the sealed door, an intense beam of light shoots and we electricity, gas, and fire around the prison go crazy for a few minutes. Burke has unintentionally freed the deadly evil force that is in favor of a murder and no one is safe ... Director Rennie Harlin I thought the Prison was a poor horror in the late 80's that seemed to forget about the small point of the story. The script was written by Empire Pictures Regular C. Courtney Joiner, who was responsible for writing such classics as Class 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Tois (2004) among other foolish terrible shit I have never even heard of and it seems to be taken very seriously. The biggest problem I have with Prison is that it's too slow, it's over 30 minutes in the movie before the 'evil power' is even released, although the pace is accelerating to the end, but until then it was not too late. As I was concerned, there is no evidence at all. To begin with, she never attempts to explain why an 'evil force' has been created in the old enforcement chamber, which never explains why this force decides to kill casual detainees when it should be on a revenge mission or why it does not. ' immediately kill the Sharp chief, there is no explanation as to where Burke fits into this, although it looks exactly the same as the prisoner who struck the electric current and returned, there is no real explanation that the manager is connected to anything that happens except two early nightmares in which he seems to remember something, although he has never discovered what it is and why. To be honest, I really could not give you a synopsis of the action because the film does not have a cruel story that follows up to the end. The characters are boring and forgetful, the killings are few and far between, pacing is far away, the whole film is messy, and even spirits can not shoot straight when it comes to attempting to kill a hero. The least satisfying way to spend 100 minutes, there are really better things to do. Director Harlin is full of American film debut that works well and has a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of constant gray, blunt, dark prison cells and corridors I started to bargain. I just think the look of the movie is too repetitive, mild and sincere. I did not think it was scary, and it was quite a bit crazy, except for the best moment in the whole movie when a police guard was killed when the burst of barbed wire was wrapped around his body and face, with a nice throat opening. In addition, there is a burnt body and a damaged body falling from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene when the manager burns all the closed mattresses in front of them and then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard, I watched that scene and thought you would never run away with something similar. Here prisoners have rights and if the manager has done something similar, there will be a national protest from all these humanitarians and every prisoner would sue the warden, the prison service and the government for everything they had and won! With an estimated budget of around $ 4,000,000, the prison actually had a fairly healthy budget, although it does not look like it's on the screen, sure there is a decent cast, and a few special effects involved are good, but it's all set up on the same location with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot at a state prison in Vioming, so it certainly looks like a job. The act is fine, Prison proves that sometimes the Hollywood stars not only have one skeleton of horror films in their wardrobes, but in the case of Mortensen there are two with this and the terrible Return of Texas Massacre from the chain saw (1994). I'm sure he would like to forget ... Prison is boring, lifeless, colorless and pointless waste of 100 minutes, despite the good scene that I did not like Actually, I prefer my movies to have a story, rather than seemingly random events and incidents that are paved together without a narrative.
