Not me, but this film is, unfortunately, one of those films that are bad to be good and too good to be horrible, which makes it totally meaningless and total loss of time. There is nothing more insensitive than a central movie, and My name is Modesty: Whatever the subtitle is, it brings the core to a new level. It's full of B-actors, but it's not fun, because it's taken seriously. It is set up as a thriller, but it turns into a kind of drama that grows up, in a flashback style. The beautiful Alekandra Staden, which has been suppressed with suppression, looks more like a Top Model actress than on Modesta Blaise. I am not one of those stubborn comics stripes who want every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact, I never read Modesti Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie for watching. But that was not it. The film feels half finished, with a weak and very unimaginable conclusion to a pretty bad story. She also takes her audience for idiots, explaining to us every detail of the action and showing memories of things that happened before the three scenes (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). Now I love a good B-movie - what's better than turning off your brain and swallowing a movie equivalent of Calzone? - and "Modesty" was directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us a wonderful shit from shit to twilight 2: Tekas Blood Monei! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because he brought everything that a bad B-movie should bring to the table - nudity, gore, pistols, name. "Modesty" is just blunt. Flashback about the life of Modesty is not interesting. The act is not bad enough to laugh at her. In fact, I somehow liked Nikolai Coaster-Valdau's (hey friend, pseudonymi are your friends!) Performances like baddie. So, overall, it's just a weird one. Poor. Uninspired. Call it what you want. Do not look at anything because Tarantino presents him, people. This is just an unforgettable thriller, which never attempts to be more than that. Let me round off this review with a very boring punishment (seriously, even I was cracked): My name is modesty: the modesty of losing time - 4/10
