I'm cheering for films that fill gaps in world cinema. So after watching the trailer for Water Lilies, I expected this movie to appeal to me because I thought I had come across something unique: a movie that honestly shows teen lesbian love - some kind of female version of "Beautiful Thing". The main characters are young French women who are 15 years old. Marie is lean, drawn and beautiful in tomboiish manner; Florian is outgoing, athletic and beautiful; and Anne is loyal, fat and behavior immature. The erotic connection between Marie and Florian is always in this film, if not on the surface, then right below it. "Lily of the Water", however, it is not about the falling of lesbian love on two teenagers; It's about sexual frustration, suffering, envy, teenagers who work for cross-purposes and - in at least two cases - without joy, mechanical sex. It also proves that scriptwriters and filmmakers make their creations more difficult when they become too manipulative. In additional features on the DVD "Lord of the Flies," says Peter Brook, "French cynicism begins with the excitement of sex, which means that the French look at children as angels, and adolescents and adults to ubiquitous cynicism.A part of the fall of this film is a film producer, Celine Sciamma has swallowed a powerful dose of this cynicism. "Where is the joy?" I wondered while I was watching this film. Yes, the first love can be painful and frustrating, but can be both joyful and triumphantly erotic in a fresh, life-affirming way. These positive aspects are not available but this Sciamma is too impressed by its own cynicism and wisdom and destroys the film. First, what is the point of showing just a fat naked girls? I know that there is a traditional tradition of delicious teen nudity in European cinema, as evidenced by films such as "The Slingshot; Rascals; The devil, probably; Small thief; Noise of the heart; Friends; Beau Pere "and" Europa, Europa ", but this instance is an insignificant authorial interference -" See, the audience, I can make a movie in which I show only an unattractive naked person. "No nudity or evenly distributed nakedness would be a fair way. /> There is a scene at the club where Floriane and Marie are dancing. What follows is not only that Florian cynically manipulated Marie, which is a film producer Sciamma cynically manipulating her audience. Perhaps the greatest betrayal authenticity and organic honesty when Florian warns Marie that she will Marie comprehensively asks, "Who cares if it's normal?" Then Sciamma plays fake with his audience and the momentum of the film, as Florian's request is a false, derivative and substitute question - not an authentic, honest question of film, Mary's character and viewers who have invested their time deserve. Here are two moments that crazy on the observer's nerves: 1) Since when the French - from all people - take baths in bathing suits, and with a turtle for lifting? 2) Which teenager - of any nationality - would descend to the core of an apple thrown into the garbage to get the taste of the beloved mouth? Three major actors promise and, if they find better means for their talents, they can become excellent actors. Louise Blachere (Anne) is the best actress in terms of technique and could have a successful career in supporting roles. Adele Haenel (Floriane) could become a leading lady, or a bomb, or both. Pauline Ackuart (Marie) possesses intensity and magnetism that are unmistakable. In the future, she could play everything from an emotionally crippled library to a mysteriously sensuous seductress to an incautious politician struggling with the meteoric rise. Will an honest film producer make an authentic film about two young women who fall in love? No - not necessarily because of this middle-aged man - but so young lesbians can have something good with which they can look and identify. And yes, fill in the emptiness in the film world.
