The film 'The Boogei Man' of 1980 in Ulli Lomel's film is not a classic, but it's a surprisingly low-budget cooling device worth a look. Continuing, in 1983, 'Boogei Man II' is ultimately a waste of time, but at least it's fun if it does not take the least seriously. Now I left the open door for another extension, and I would not want to see at least another one. One day while I watched videos in a shopping mall, I came across a movie titled 'The Return of a Man Who Fought With Crew'. When I learned that it was a continuation of earlier films, I was happy to give him a few dollars ... I should have known better. Although the title title 'Boogei Man 3', this is not the sequel to these two superior films I've named above. Well, not quite anyway. Pros: Ha! It's a laugh. Is there anything good in this piece of cow? Let's see ... there are footages from 'The Boogei Man' and, um ... it's kind of gracious. Yes, that's all. Cons: Where to Start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this movie is total boredom. It moves from one scene to another without anything interesting or frightening. The act is stiff at best. "Actors" are most likely friends of directors who had not previously had any acting experience, and probably none of them. The plot is nonexistent, and the script is written. The direction is simply horrible. The director tries to make the film an artistic farsi by moving the camera, flickering the lights, and with filters, but does not add anything. Music is dull and difficult to hear in parts. Connections to the original are unsuccessful. The sign of Suzana Love got the name Lacei, not Natalie! And the events that were shown at the beginning of the original did not happen in 1978. Also, if it has 3 in the title, why not mention what happened in II? Finally, this does not add anything new or interesting to the series or genre. Final Thoughts: The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. One is that it was an original film that was the first director and sucked. Instead, it should be a sequel to a movie that is not a masterpiece, but it is definitely far more interesting and funny than this. If there is another sequel, which I doubt, then it should be remembered that this has ever happened and will be guided by either Lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of ​​how to make a decent horror movie. My Rating: 1/5
