Just to say that I liked the original Boogeiman. Of course, this is a fake movie of horror from the 80's, but hey these guys are fun to watch! And that gave us something a little different. So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it (only the copies they actually had) so I thought "What the hell is" and bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night I felt eager to watch a movie (I actually bought the tones that day) and thought this was the shortest of all I bought, so I'll just watch this and hit the sack. Error # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was ready to take a chance. So, a few minutes in the movie and there is the first flashback. At first, I do not mean anything about it. Then a new video recording with a chick in the bathtub and I somehow like the direction in which it is moving. Then the next flashback is a bit longer and I sit there and think: "Yes, I saw the first Boogeiman I know what's happening! Then the next one appears, and I cheat him and quickly go in. Then the last one (maybe I quickly forwarded the explanation, but why she lay in the toples on the mirror? At least she could show them!) And I decided to roll it up quickly, then the end and the movie was over! VTF What happened to foreplay? What happened to the long hairstyle (Is it what touched it or what?) And, more importantly, what type of weed writer and director smoked when he was real this horrible POS !!! !!! And what is the point? Did Annie have only memories of what happened in the first movie? Or did things from the first film just happen at the same time as this? This last could it would make sense because the stabbing in Pantihose Face happened in 1978 to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later.Wait a little, I would not, because Lacey (whom the movie dubiously changed to Nancy! Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of his movie characters?) It would be 20 years because she was 5 when it happened and not only married someone who looks 30 years old, but he has a child looking around 7 and 10! Did she go to high school? And why would the Pantheos be after Annie? What connection does she have with the characters of the original film? And the GREAT HUGE FILM error that I found in this movie is that when a doctor writes in his notebook, does anyone notice that he just screamed? Vov, how professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation for all the questions I have raised above? It's an infinite movie without any thoughts! I'm going to try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with only that movie, and that's it (maybe a couple of extra options, any special edition?). Then I will return this DVD and I hope that this review and everyone else will prevent those who have not seen it to see how movie stores will free it and this movie may no longer exist! Please, let it go! I'm sorry that the review is so long. I'm just mad at this movie that I had to somehow dissuade
