When I ordered this from the Blockbuster website I had no idea it would be as scary as it was. Who knows? Perhaps that day I forgot to take medication for ADD. I know that from the moment the actors arrived in the caravan, dressed in wide collars of the late 70s, bells and feathered hair, I knew that this lost jewel of the disco era of glory was bound to the container. The first insisting on how bad things should be, was narration at the beginning, trying to explain what cosmic forces play to ruin the universe, forcing polyester and porn-quality music to the viewer. From the introductory scene with badly-effected effects on the "monsters" from the other world, and then the house that jumps from space to space, it was as painful as watching the production of the primary school "Monologues of the vagina". During the entire film, a sure sign that something will happen is the appearance of a small ship. "Brod" dubiously contained what looked like an old VCR and a camcorder and would attack anyone on his way. Of course, if he was moving slower than the impact of Bob Barker, he had dangerous armor pockets and the possibility of throwing an evil green glare that could stop the bullets and equipped with a laser device that can cut through only balsa wood in an hour or two (With some help ). We move on ... While the weirdness and ringing bells continue ... We learned that they were caught in "Space Time Varp". How can we collect this little bit of scientific information? Because the oldest man leads his son, in lesser or less fashion, like reminding yourself of 'how you've won a great game' over Joe's cup or an ice-cold bottle refreshingly Coca-Cola. Was he a scientist? No, but he knew about the horses and apparently got amateur in string theory and Einstein's theories. The video I watched on the DVD was almost high quality. The sound was muddy and the transmission seemed to be taken from the cinema with the video recorder on the mobile phone, in addition, it's really, really, really bad. (There really is not enough 'really' to describe it). I know that some people love this movie and compare it with other cult classic. I've never seen this movie on its original release, but even then I think I would come to the same conclusion.
