DARK REMAINS is a low-budget American horror movie that somehow managed to win two awards. It looks like the store includes 2 separate parts. First, a woman committed suicide by carving her arms while bathing. Secondly, the young daughter of a technical writer was found with a cut throat. The sad couple decides to move into an isolated cabin in the mountains. Later, it turned out that the cabin and the surrounding locations were lying. As the film continues, the two separate parts of the story are finally approaching the way it could reasonably be expected. However, execution is accidental and leads to confusion that can only be solved by multiple views. Unfortunately, the movie is simply not appealing enough to attract most viewers to watch it more than once. Anything that could go wrong with this movie moves upside down - and fast! And the low budget can not be used to justify all the shortcomings that are found here. I believe it would be wrong to judge the actors involved in this production, because the material is simply too bad. /> <strong> The characters are uninteresting, as other reviewers have pointed out on this site. A badly written script introduces too many people without giving interesting dialogue, without creating opportunities for character-led situations and without adding depth to any of them. The direction is non-inspired. The inspiration of J-Horror films such as RINGU, GRUDGE and ONE MISSED CALL is obvious. Unfortunately, the directors of DARK REMAINS did not pay attention to the style of J-Horror. J-Horror works so efficiently as playing the fear of the unknown. The tension is created by continuous shifts between the bizarre situation (eg Ghost on the CCTV camera) and the reaction of the central character who is faced with it without any warning. In these films there are no elements of humor or language. Everything plays so straight and without smoking or restrictions that you can not help but be convinced and impressed. Predictive atmospheres create uncertainty and ensure that horror has a psychological impact, unlike "jumps used in Hollywood movies." also successfully avoids the use of CGI. Honoring J-Horro could have been well thought out. Unfortunately, the lack of inspiration will probably make the viewer laugh at the alleged "fears" on the screen. The effects of the "ghosts" makeup were not bad due to the low budget, but their actions only defied logic. Several times I cracked my head during this film. I could not give an end even if I wanted to. I just could not understand it. All I could conclude was that it was some anti-climax. What remains? The answer that the reviewer pointed out on another website is so far. The movie is a small business. Luckily, the pain ends after an hour and a half. However, most would probably turn out too much before the end. In this film, there are only two positive things - successful avoidance of clichés and the absence of "f-word" in the film. every sentence as would normally be expected. This is what the two stars are for. Those who prefer supernatural or psychological horror about ghosts and persecutions can enjoy good movies such as LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE, CHANGELING or J-Horror Horror. If you think you've seen too many movies and want to see the obscure ultra-low budget "R-rated" horror movie about ghosts, watch DEATH LOVE. Perhaps it is not the best horror movie ever shot, but it's certainly much better than DARK REMAINS and has some original surprises. I recommend everyone to avoid dark remains like the plague.
