The sad couple moves into the cabin on the mountain after losing their daughter, revealing that there may be ghosts walking around that place, restless ghosts of former tenants who committed suicide. Julie Pike (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of their daughter for leaving the door unlocked and for that reason the marriage has failed. Julie stays in a zombie country, does not emotion emotionally, distant and stiff, just photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding the stunning image of a girl holding a grid of cells. Although Allen sees nothing unusual, Julie continues to paint and we can recognize that something is wrong. A local master, Jim Hine (Scott Hodges), a rather remote guy who hides a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when he finds out that his dead mother might have had to do with the terrible events that happened to Pikes. In the meantime, neighbors who sold Pikes in the cabin are also victims, and Mr. Booth's abuse of his wife is returning to haunt him. Allen will investigate the history of his cab, trying to discover the mystery of the site. A lot of spirits moving in the background in this gloomy supernatural story with virtually every character miserable. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost, it's incredibly difficult to get in touch with her despite the fact that you understand her. The acting, as is often mentioned, is still frustrating because no character is accurate. I suppose it should be like this, under their circumstances, but the trouble I had had never been able to embrace Pajke properly because of their permanent state of reservation. Cheri is released as cold and separated, as I thought the mother would be such a way to lose a baby in that way, but the icy nature left me to pray inside to hug her that I could never. I think true artists, even if the characters pass through emotional disturbance, can grab the hearts of their viewers, if humanity comes to us .. in the case of this film, traces are not able to do it for any reason. I could have been myself, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters did not pull my wires. In any case, as the film continues, Alen slowly reveals certain truths and must defend himself from his wife who is convinced that their daughter is among them and that she will not lose her girlfriend anymore. Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes he will stop the adulteries that plague the area that Pikes must kill, is becoming a vital threat. Ghosts remain the central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, which is established in the distance. Finals reveal them all, because Allen needs to find help for his wife while trying to prevent Jim's mission. It was hard for me to get into this because of my traces of traces and their characters.
