All right, what's this supposed to be? Is it a film about a family fantasy to get rid of Spielberg's huge success of "The Third Encounter"? Or return to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "When did the dinosaurs rule the earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps this is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes, that must be it! Whatever it is, the creators of "Dana Finished" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos from the Kingdom of Spiders and writer David Schmoeller from the "Tourist Trap") had to sniff pretty much glue when they wrote ideas for this crazy favorite genres. The story does not make even the slightest meaning, and the narrative structure is unconnected like hell, but, hey, who cares as long as paper-mache dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, light and laser shows that cause headache and spontaneously ignited supernovae! The introduction of a vote is virtually silent, but there is no concern, because it is all nonsense! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not what we all think it is? Time does not have to go chronologically, it's a giant paradox! The words that were spoken a few thousand years ago still float around and even things that will happen in the future already surround us. I absolutely have no idea what this means, but it's obvious that it's a simple excuse to collect together dwarf aliens and beautiful dinosaurs. I say deliberately that dinosaurs are well-raised, because at one time one of the prehistoric monsters decently knocks on the front door before it threatens its targets. A crazy trick is revolving around the family of freaks who live in their house on solar energy in the middle of nothing. Granddad is extremely boring, granddaughter is even more, Granny is a billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son is strangely like Prince Valiant, and the young mother is ?? incredibli hot! Chris Mitchum, for some reason, senselessly wandered into movie sets like a hot mom's husband on business trips. Special effects are purely Syrian and absolutely funny (I sincerely hope that the second reviewer who spoke of "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but absolutely the most genius aspect are the dialogues! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: Grandfather: "You know what this is, is not it? This is a time-space varp!" Stevie: "I'm not sure if I know what that means, Dad. "Grandpa:" Well, I suppose nobody really does. "Decide, Gramps, you know what it is or not? And stop talking about" Vortex "as if you were some kind of expert in the field!" The Day Completed "is incredibly childish and not worth the effort for a fantasy movie, although I can fully understand that some of his fans are cherishing the movie because they watched him at a young age and became fascinated with luminous effects. The mushrooms that they ate suddenly were exhausted.
