'1408' is the latest walkthrough of underwater tactics. Such a kind that horror-style filmmakers might occasionally leap into their ear, but disappoints the audience in search of a small depth and direction. John Cusack plays a writer who has made a career writing book that describes his experience of staying in hotels that are persecuted by rumors. Despite the assurances of the sponsor and the owner that ghosts are wandering around the halls, there is little that would make him a true believer in paranormal. When she finds out about the history of room 1408 at Overlook Hotel - without waiting, I think, the Dolphin Hotel in New York - he decides that this will be the perfect conclusion chapter of his latest book. But, Samuel L. Jackson, who played the hotel owner, is vigorously trying to divulge his guest with narration about the crimes that had taken place in the room since the opening of the hotel many years ago. The story is simple and we, as possible skeptics, have to sit through Jackson's long hint. In other words: be afraid! Be very scared! Of course, it would be easy to convince the audience that they just paid to see the thriller at the edge of the seat if it did not take so much time to build up this point. Likewise, if what followed was much more than a cheap "boos" that became so common and arbitrary that, in the end, you could soon expect it. The room temperature changes automatically. The walls are dropping blood. The fearless writer can not open the door, etc. And after nearly an hour and a half of the delivery of these publications, they promised great excitement, you could sit and hope that at least you will be delighted with the end. With suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative losers of the times, even it fails to suppress our suspicions that before the film is over, we may finally have something to make a movie a bit less than completely forgotten. Despite the great performances (and always) of Cusack, which is essentially the entire film, most of the others are lost (ie, Samuel L. Jackson) in minor minor roles. The real mystery here is how this film got such a high rating of viewers. Spirits for voting?
