After seeing a high rating on the IMDb, I decided to watch this movie. Behind this high rating, I deliberately avoided reading any review. I wanted to go to the theater with a clean record, not knowing the plot or predetermined expectations. Given my rating, you can see that I was disappointed. I enjoyed the development of the main character Mike Enslin. I also enjoyed the fact that the hotel manager tried to persuade him not to enter the hotel room. When Enslin entered the room, I was ready for some terrible things. The first chocolates appear on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded. Enslin responds in a convincing way. He's crazy. I am encouraged and I think of myself, this will be good. People who made this movie understand that it is less. But that's what's going on and it's a great downturn. Subtlety is quickly replaced by the predictable approach to the shotgun ... Just break the audience with every Hollywood scary trick in the book and hopefully something works. Let's see, did you work with a clock that's on your own? Well, it's always scary. Objects moving around the room? Okay, you can not complain about it. Blood cap from the walls and sink? Great. Ghosts who commit suicide? Okay. Something else? What do you say about loud noises, shivering, fire, more cherries, mess in the room, more blood, etc. And that was all before. Too much to stimulate our attention To the deserved audience with all kinds of things in a quick sequence, they will not be able to turn their eyes away. Well, that did not help me. And you know what else? When I go to watch a horror movie in the theater, it's typical to hear a few groups of girls in the audience shouting in fear at terrible moments. But this film had no daunting moments. The audience was silent and uninterested. I did not feel any cold. Nothing. Shine was 100k what this film is trying to be. So, who are all these people who say this is one of the best horror movies ever? Friends of the director? I'm sorry, I just do not understand.
