I must say that I was disappointed with this film. I've never been big fans of BNL, their songs are childish and obsessive nostalgic (this is me in the 9th grade, if I have a million dollars, a box for life shoes, etc.). However, I saw footage of their live performances and I like the improvisational and stupid nature of the show. I hoped this film would highlight what was, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because their music was well-played, but somehow bland, not so striking (there was a standup bas solo in the middle which was completely meaningless and boring), despite that Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film does not show and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they had better moments, like at a concert in Afghanistan "Koffee Anan, he's the main man, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really big"). BNL is like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that "Blue" song was Effeil 99 or any other 2 minutes, I returned to Canada and then a month later. that song was everywhere else, * I almost chewed my hand. BNL is like that, many years ago, I remember many nice memories in the seated campfire in Canada listening to people playing "If I Had a Million Dollars." BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of their humor has a special Canadian affection for it (Kraft Dinner is the main thing for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is basically Canadian) a few years went where they slipped. in the dark, and I was kind of grateful. Then suddenly they become huge in America, and everyone down there think they are a brand new band (yes, they are brand new, but they are all in their 30s!) While the rest of Canada goes "oh" God, I thought they were years ago folded, do I have to listen to 'million dollars' again? The concert recording is not bad, but I'd love to see more of their stage routinely, the recording is not that big, and things like the clips from their massive free performance in Boston are glazing too fast. Interviews are surprisingly boring for such a ridiculous crowd of guys, I think everyone is old and have families and houses and things and have calmed down a bit. There are cases when they go to the Spinal Tap type of material, where they deliver meaningless satire, then break into laughter and laugh at such ruins. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (Canadian Media) and Terri David Mulligan (Music dude) are extremely pretentious and inadvertently borders on Tap's territory. This film also does not document much, I mean, it's basically a show and at the beginning of the movie, they are already huge and have a massive tour, it's not like we see them rising from the dark and " surprises "are popular, it is a methodically planned event, so the end is quite lifeless, some half a live concert, semi-documentary, and not much. <br /> <br />
