I am the true fan of the original Cracker series, and I own all of them on DVD. Cracker tended to be casual, but Robbie Coltrane and other band members, as well as writers, seemed to be wearing him in spite of himself. The original Cracer I count in a large series of Brit TV TVs of that time, and there is a strong competition: Firstly, Inspector Frost, Inspector Morse, Jeremy Brett's Sherlock Homes, and a host of others. Cracker, along with Prime Suspect, was at the top of my list. Which makes "New Terror" even sadder ... In the end, this was a very pale imitation of the former Cracker's glory. I forced myself to go through the whole thing, convinced that it could not actually be so bad, and that a spark will eventually burn. I was wrong, it was bad from start to finish. A few criticisms: First, just to make any potential bias happened in advance: I was offended by the anti-American, antiwar war. screed that lasted and lasted for most of the show. Krupan: The murder of two innocent Americans in any crime and a British drug addict is, as Fitch said, "understandable, but not justified." I thought, "I went through two hours of shit just to hear this disgusting shit?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone that caused my beliefs ... Behind policy, I had a clear feeling that this Cracker was just a propaganda base, and that actually helped to undermine already Second, just how much time got Robbie Coltrane? Fitz was almost a small player in this, as if he was subsequently included in a story that was originally written without any thought of Fitz's role. Coltrane could perform a performance on his broad and still appropriate, weak shoulders, but the writer obviously thought about other things, and missed the chance, and a wide margin. Third: WHAT IS ABISMAL SKRIPTA! There were some sparks and several parts of the actual development of the character (Phitsa's son said that Fitz could not stay in his house if he missed his plane for Australia, a detective who liked to beat his poor performers over their back, and some of the old sparks between Fica and his Missus), but not enough to carry the boring story. Fourth, where is Panhallagan? It would be interesting ... It was finally Manchester, and for 10 years it was in the ranks. Another failed opportunity (or maybe the actress was not interested?) Well, there is more (that's bad) to say, but I will close with curiosity: at the end of the show (as broadcast on the BBCA), when the announcement announced that "Director's Cut" was available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The director's summary, which is supposed to be paid for, may have all the good things I expected tonight, but never, as a coherent, interesting story. Unfortunately, after I was convinced that I was sitting through the terrible free version of "New Terror" hoping to see something, anything that is worth watching, only to be disappointed, I have no hope to motivate me to actually pay for a moment, potentially longer and a tougher version. Besides, it made me feel that I thought the BBC was cutting and gambling and sacrificing a show to accommodate the endless (every ten minutes) stream of ads, and then turned around and asked me to pay for what was probably supposed to be a broadcast version tonight. . To close, I quote the first paragraph of the New Teror's Variety Review: he really says it all: "The initial excitement when Robbie Coltrane repeated his role as the BBC's fault, drunk, female The criminal psychologist is under the snow by the stubborn political writer Jimmy McGovern who is determined to deliver the vision of this rebirth, at first in his message-that the Americans were a bunch of fierce pandas that did not matter about terrorism before the fall on our doorstep-McGovern- This dirt in the chest is overflowing vljuje narration and mutes the pleasure of Fitz returned the case.
