For those of you who have never heard of him (or seen them on A & E), Cracker is a brilliant British TV show about a psychiatrist named Fitz who is overweight, smoking in a chain that helps the police department in Manchester to embark on a crime of criminals . It is considered to be one of the best shows ever from England (and it speaks something), and was extremely successful in England and around the world in 1993. Now, the original stars have reunited with the original writer to launch another two-hour episode. I loved this show since I first saw it, more than ten years ago. The set of DVD boxes has a slow place in my collection, and I can quote a good part of Fitz's test scenarios practically from word to word. The idea of ​​re-buying Robbie Coltrane with Jimmy McGovern for another TV film about Fitch filled me with absolute satisfaction. <br /> <br /> Starting with good. One of the many things that impressed me on the original Cracker series is how quickly Fitz is defined as a character. Five minutes in the first episode? with his lecture (throwing books in the air), his drinking, and his cursing of the guy behind him waiting for a gambling machine? and you knew, you just knew who this guy is. You could feel how he "clicked" in your mind, the kind of click that happens only when a big actor gets a big role written by a great writer. Coltrane, of course, remained excellent during the show. , but I always felt that some of the later episodes ?? those that were not written by McGovern ?? The bad news is this: Fitz is back. As soon as you see him in this show? making incredibly inappropriate comments on his daughter's wedding ?? you will feel another click. It's him: for a moment, he is distracted and genuinely sorry for the next, always perceptive, honest to the point of non-tactics, but brilliantly ridiculous in that process. If you love this character as much as I do, you will be thrilled to see it in the movie. And this also applies to Judith and Mark: in fact, everything related to Fitzs is perfect. The problem I have with this movie is about the crime that Fitz is trying to solve. In the standard Cracker mode, do we exactly know who the criminal is in the first five minutes? The uncertainty lies in the fact that Fitz understood. In this case, we have a serial killer for American blood. And the reason for this, unfortunately, is not due to a convincing psychological trauma? Rather, it seems that the killings here are only to allow the author to show his personal political beliefs. It's hard for me to write this because I really believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers. in the world. I do not even have problems with movies dealing with current topics, or films that take political views. But in the Cracker universe, we expect characters to act as human beings, not as caricatures. Instead, the Americans in this film are shown in a completely stereotyped way. They are unconscious spokesmen who complain about everything, treat the locals as shit and deceive their wives? one of them manages to do it all in less than 5 minutes. I honestly thought that I had mistakenly replaced channels or something. But it does not stop here. We are constantly reminded of how the war in Iraq is going badly? Reminders that have nothing to do with the story and appear practically out of nowhere. The killer is so busy wounding that Bush is burning up by Hitler to almost forget to continue killing; but more importantly, he is a spokesman for the political views of the writer that he forgets to act as a convincing human being, and thus also to us? as public? do not buy his sudden transformation from a happy family man into a tortured soul with serial killings. <br /> <br /> I can not say that this has ruined my performance ?? It was still a good TV, better than just about everything else in the genre (mostly because, once again, Coltrane). But the constant politicization made it impossible to be as good as a real Cracker classics like "Being Anyone" ?? an episode that was equally "problematic", but it was treated with much more subtlety and psychological depth. Two other small points: Panhandle is not near is a disappointment, but what's worse is its replacement. Whole police? which has been filled so long with such great characters - now it's full of vanilla. Fully interchangeable police officers who lack any kind of personality (how you could detach Richard Coile from Coupling, the personality is beyond me, but it's really missing here). Also, there are several moments in which the shov is lost to me. One such case is that Fitz has to narrow down the whole Manchester population from a million to a hundred based on some very strange criteria (French windows? How does the computer know if I have French windows?) ?? he not only succeeded in doing so, he succeeded in less than an hour. I do not think like that. Overall, I was a bit disappointed. It is recommended to watch, but do not forget to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. However, if a new series arose, everything would have been good: I am convinced that McGovern can still write great things, and perhaps now that he has pulled out his policy from his system, he can return to writing about people.
