Man, it's hard for me to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had anything to do with this mess. Seeing the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this show will not be on my list that must be seen. There are only so many things that work against it. No actor is particularly good. Anna Pakuin as the main character of Sookie, is terrible. I remember she was better at many other things I saw, maybe it's just writing. She is not very fun to watch, there are moments in which she needs to be honest and look pretty ugly. The actor who plays Bill is slightly better, only because his character should be wooden and separated. Other actors do their best, but with clichés with hard-to-run accents, they get a hard job. Tara is an absolute misery to watch, Rutina Veslei absolutely kills the accent. It's like nails on the board bad. Almost as scary as Nelson Ellis, it's hard to understand what she sometimes says. And his character, like Tara, also seems a bit racist. I do not know, having a character to say 'vhicome' on the HBO sho that is not The Vire just seems a little strange. The casting of actors so far is Sookie's grandmother, her brother for sex addicts, and the only genius casting I saw in Williams Sanderson as a sheriff. It seems to be talking to meandering towards her at this time, without real worry about the viewer being interested. Romantic is very Dark Shad-si. Although this points to the camp factor from something like the old episodes of dark shadows ten times. Sometimes it seemed so terrible that I just had to assume that it should have been. But unlike a show such as Buffy, who has masterfully pulled out the camp, this show is not. Absence of camping is an extreme picture and sexuality of sex. I am not thrilled by none of these when they are done well, as they did in many other HBO shows, but here at least a prolonged rough sex scene with Jason Stackhouse is a bit overstated and meaningless. The only good thing I can really think of is this disorder is that I liked the sequence of opening the title. HBO had a series of bad luck with its performances lately, I hope it will cancel after the first season and try to get something better in the air.
