When I first watched the show, the first few episodes seemed promising. Bill Compton introduced himself as a stereotypical "mysterious" vampire, and Sookie introduced himself as an independent woman. However, the show went from here to downhill and sometimes interesting characters are fun as a cardboard box. As the story progresses, the main characters are losing their original personality, along with their acting abilities. In Episode 5, Bill's Eyebrows are so low that his face only consists of a forehead. Sookie, or rather aka actress, is still dead by her vampire lover. All these tragic events surround her and she only reacts to how comfortable it was to lose her virginity. Personally, I think the main heroes made it premature to sleep with each other. The way they teased each other was something that clutched me and it was easy to play with a little more. As soon as Sookie loses it, she turns around like a total ditz, thinking only about Bill's libido and the size of his add-on. Bill also loses his position well, he just gets stupid. His actions have never been explained, except for Sookie. Why? Their love for each other is never intertwined, if there is love. So far, it's just sex that is the core of their relationship. Yes, yes, vampires are usually of the same sex, but come. Every five seconds I see that some sort of humping happens. It was not that surprising, as HBO is always trying to convey soft porn as a decent TV show. Bill got out of the dirt and just agreed with Sookie for no reason whatsoever it was? So I laughed that I almost got in. The action is just a flow of consciousness. The characters never enter the details of anything. All the events that have happened usually remain unexplained. The only thing that's constant is sex. The only thing I can say that I like are smaller characters. Tara and her drunken mother are far more interesting than the main characters. The only reason I continue to watch the show is the development of smaller characters. Minus sex and main characters shoving would be much more valuable.
