For every series that is broadcast on television, 100 ideas were created, 50 scripts were written, 15 pilots were made, and one, only one, is actually a product. From such a selection process, we have led to the belief that the final product must be a cream for crops, for which other reason may be rejected so many ideas to give us a television series. <br /> <br /> And so go with True Blood; all the stars were in balance and what started as a series of novels turned into an idea, a screen game, a pilot, and finally a series. Unfortunately, this can sometimes be a long journey and, by the way, there are many reversals that eventually change what was good and clean and show that the production that people feel best for rating. Oh, how they are so often wrong ... True blood is an example of a creative concept that has evolved into one of the poorest stories, the worst acting and dumbest subsets in any recent television history. . His international team of relatively unknown players is struggling to find their voices, but still stumbles on false South accents. Alan Ball is not so much a secret desire for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) that gives us a fresh up-to-date photo every week, although that often has nothing to do with the story. Characterization of Tarene's black woman fails to connect, and you are secretly hoping that the vampires will quickly perform before going to another speech about white suppression while attending the ceremony of the famous Confederate dead. He finds a squeezed love for Sookie and we must suddenly believe that he needs to look after his morning, day, and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any relationship. As for Bill Vampire, his moral height is rapidly surrendering at first chance to lead love with Sookie and has no problem with her short snack (although she remains somewhat unharmed). Other vampires are considered not as common as Bill, but very much wanting to be accepted by the public as they watch live as Happi Meals with their feet. In spite of my greatest efforts of suffering through the first six episodes, I came to the realization that no matter how long you look at a bad show, it's still bad. Something dies for reasons, even vampires. Maybe this should be.
