This show had a lot of hypo, but I did not know about it until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended me a show. But I decided that if I looked, I would wait until the end of the season, so that I could watch the mass. Due to the broadcast format, I'm happy to wait. I suppose it would be quite disturbing that almost every episode ends in the middle of a hangman, and then he has to wait another week to find out what's happening in the next second of the story. Somehow the show managed to insert too much sex. Jason will have sex with almost everything that starts. Immediately after finding out that the woman with whom he had sex had been killed, he is in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam get on, even though they know that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets mad when he finds out about it later - even though he's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that a good job does not make you worry about the characters. I really did not care about Jason. Together with his endless quest for the story, he was rude to the people who were actually worried about him. After several episodes, I would not mind that he somehow died. For that reason, I was largely uninformed for the killings until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were closer to Jason). Then, when Sookie and Bill have sex, the story gets a few more backgrounds. Tara's mother wants exorcism, then an exorcist lady tries to persuade Tara that she should have one to remove her demon. It did not disturb me so much the whole exorcism as I know that there are people who really believe in these things. However, they spend a little time showing that it is a farce immediately after Tara consumes about $ 1,300 for exorcism for her and her mother. At other points, some events take place too fast. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell his grandma's things to buying vampire blood, which is clearly a new cracks or something like that. In her quest, she finds this girl who will perform V with him (blood of the vampire). They become high and in three days they fall in love each other and kidnap vampires for a permanent source V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire tribunal. He only went two days before Sookie began to feel abandoned and began to wonder if he thinks that "vampire politics" is more important than her. She does not need a genius to realize that something is happening to a local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, there was not such a surprise. But the two episodes were where it really was embarrassing, because it just pushed all the events into your face as if you could not figure it out. When Tara enters a car accident, the face of naked lady with pig is clearly shown and is easily recognizable when she appears in a prison for rescue. As if that was not enough, they later showed the lady with a pig in her house again. Then it's time to finish the story of the murder. At the end of the last episode, it was discovered that Rene was not the one she said she was and most likely a killer. In the last episode, they kill Renee as a killer in your face. Sookie observes that it is strange that Renee's thoughts have no accent. I thought that was OK, because he adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Rene has a tape of Maudette with a vampire, and his bridegroom finds a tape in one of Rene's boxes about how to lie on the Cajun accent. At this point, it was just funny. I mean, GET IT !!! So it was blushing bliss things are happening. Bill almost killed himself until he could save Sookie, who still managed to kill Rene. They start posting season 2 leaving unfinished questions. Naked pigs and Sam have a history, Lafaiette is gone and maybe he was killed. Jason is in the process of brainwashing to be a religious nurse of an anti-vampire church - which makes me even less curious about him. It's almost surprising to see how many people completely love this show. I think I expected this show to be better. I am interested in seeing what is happening in the second season, but if I watch it, I'll probably wait for the end of the season.
