After watching some of the great stuff of HBO - Band of Brothers, Rome, etc. - I must say that I had pretty high expectations before watching the first episode of "True Blood". Jeez. Often it seemed that the script was written by an eight-year-old, some parts were only terribly recorded, (the scene in which Bill "saved", I mean, come in. She throws a chain on the guy and owes him! It was pretty embarrassing if you want my opinion, or a few moments before that scene, when she found out that the couple left with Bill, funny, 5 seconds later, magic! The three of them are gone, and without any fight or noise or anything! in our modern society ... but honestly not I think they really wanted to make more of this than a tiny soap opera, that an average teenager with It looks alike, but no one else is worried about ... Unfortunately, the Plitko script is extremely predictable, I often thought it was some kind of joke or something. Actors deliver truly unpalatable performances, if It seems that this show is going on very smoothly, as if it was a regular, low budget TV show (maybe it's what it's like if you take away the family part.) The only actor who seemed to me somewhat good was Stephen Moier in the role of Bill, given the poorly written, extremely short answers he had to say: "What are you ..." "May I call you sometime ...", I think he was good at finding a little mysteriously scary part of a vampire that must definitely have anyone who plays the role of a vampire. Anna Pakuin was good, but no more. But the guy who played her brother, Jesus, is terrible. The scene in which he was arrested is simply embarrassing for modern television. The act is bad, the site looks fake to the bone, and the other two "Why is he arrested? Uh .. I do not know ..." It was pretty embarrassing. Another thing I think is completely missed is the way Sookie's psychic powers have been introduced. They make us hear what people think and speak at the same time, and that's wrong. It often seems unnecessarily chaotic, as if people's thoughts were some kind of boring radio channel, and when it approached, it hit the real frequency level and must hear everything they thought. Finally, the scene of sex is simply completely unnecessary and this vampire sex tape was completely disgusting. Do not misunderstand me - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD, but because I was very disappointed. I expected good things. I did not think it would be that way. It's definitely not a good show. At best, central.
