I will never be a member of any club that would bring me, especially this one. Starr Andreeff is a single mother / stripper who is attacked by the Women's vampire and left to die. He begins to crave blood, and he meets John Savage, who seems to be wondering where he left Michael Cimen's phone number. Savage is also a vampire and wants to allow Andrea to join her little vampire. The family, which consists of a British vampire, a blue vampire who attacked Starra, and a green hair dwarf (I'm not saying this upstairs). The family does not want Starra, so they try to kill Savage and Starra <. And Starr's Child. Somebody forgot to tell John Savage that it was a drama. He Spends most of his time on the screen showing more facial tits than Hugh Grant on the Bold Car Bender, and he reads all of his lines as the true Farrelly Brothers movie. Andreeff is trying to make most of the badly written cast, but scriptwriter / director Ruben goes for all vampire clichés, as Starr eats a hamster for your son's pets. And you buy lots of raw meat to fight blood quiescence. The kid also has a lot of poke, for those who think that violence against children is really fun. The film is exclusive, but not in the wild, over the top such as "Killer" Tongue. " Here, blood is rough and never justified, it just happens. It's just in the budget. Most of R's ratings go to Andreeff's collaborators, who are put through unpleasant bandwagon routines behind the conversation. The budget does not include Vampire Eyes! All the vampires here must stave their prey to eat. Beautiful idea, unless you have already seen George Romero "Martin." for 77 minutes, and once you insert Ruben's attempts in the artistic direction (distorted frames, blurred scenes), this is a fatigued, boring and dirty ride. Leave this club and take a shower, You will need it. This is rated (R) for strong physical violence, armed violence, sexual violence, strong blood, severe curse, female nudity, sexual recommendations, drug abuse and adult situations. <br /> <br />
