All this had a good movie - good actors (Robert Loggia, Ellen Parker), a good plot (a mysterious missile from the universe threatens to burn the planet) and many shots (if aviations were filmed, jet rockets were used. Unfortunately, it was destroyed by too much melodrama and The film refers to missiles from the universe that have attacked the Soviets and are unintentionally redirected to a low atmospheric orbit. At less than five miles and at a speed greater than 4,000 miles, it spills millions of exhausts, burning everything on the ground, including the glaciers, the base distant ra (EAS) and eskima. Any attempt to destroy the projectile from the projectile. The first flaws in this film appear early. Although we do not expect much from low-budget films, some things are I can not forget - as a little research, for example, both the Soviets and the United States were firing ballistic missiles on rockets with unmistakable accuracy. However, the first successful ABM tests were not done by March 1961 by the Russians. </ br /> Too much melodrama. Doctor Loring (Loggia) and his assistant Joan Voods (Ellen Parker) play their romance with so many woods as a wooden house. Parker's payroll and boo-hoos on the Loggia victim as she was on the screen test. Logia is equally heroic as a boring businessman. The Phillip Pine has so much heated that he makes Villiam Shatner look like an actor. The bus driver is constantly exhausting the shit from the end of the world in the scene. The only good actor is the storyteller of the movie, starring actor veteran Lawrence Dobkins ("Naked city"). All this could be ignored if there was no time limit. After rocket data is sent to DC, the Pentagon brings a group of scientists. General Larry Kerr announces that the missile will hit Nev Iork Citi in 63 minutes. After that, there are discussions of scientists and there is a deadly gloom when asked by the ambassador to see whether a missile attack from the Russians is needed and if an answer is needed. The movie shows the army is completely scrambled. Civil defense personnel leave work and go to their stations. Eight million people break into precipitation shelters, while school buses receive millions of children (and we can see the brightest New York cities I've ever seen, although watching movies from the sci-fi 50s was shot as if it were standard). The press is kept in the dark for tens of minutes. Then, unbelievably, a man in the Pentagon announces that the missile will hit Ottawa, Canada for 51 minutes! All these actions took place in 12 minutes! Then, to add fuel to the fire, Loggia somehow thought of a way to stop the alien rocket. He slowly creates a number of plutonium, loads it with a jeep, and takes him from DC to a remote rocket base to put it on top of a rocket. Along the way, a wild driver knocks him off the road, breaks up and then steals. He finally returns the plutonium and drives to the base to arm the rocket. Again, all this in the same 63-minute time frame. The film also irritates the viewer so it looks as though Ottawa could be saved, only to show men, women and children to bake. It is said that the rocket has five minutes to New York. Loggia continues to run to the base (another 4 miles). It reaches the base and shoots a rocket, and then a 2-minute countdown is announced. Everything in five minutes. The cities of New York should have been at least burned. By the way, missile was destroyed if you did not hit. ABM is being destroyed by a massive explosion on the basis of plutonium. Five seconds later, the explosion breaks down and everything is clear. Yes, they caused a nuclear explosion equivalent to 100 Hiroshima on the outskirts of New York and nothing is happening. The film had all the necessary elements to be a good movie B, but it spent them. The Lodge played its character so clumsily that you did not care that it eventually sacrificed. You did not care about other characters, even the fierce scientist who played Pine. The tension that the movie was about to move was not physically possible within the allowed time limit (it would still not be today, even with Jack Bauer). This film is very difficult to find. As far as I know, it has not been reissued in any way and for good reason. I do not know whether the film intended to be or was a standard practice, but there is a scene in which the government sends all the best scientists, soldiers and business people into deep shelters, saying they are too valuable to lose. There are no women or minorities in the group. Harry Rhodes is the only black man in the film and gets a short piece of piano playing. It was worse than "27 days," when an alien gives five Earth's chance to either save or destroy the planet, and it does not include any blacks or Latinoamericans. I saw it on a special scientific night at Turner Classic Movies and I do not expect it to reappear. If you find a copy somewhere, you might want to place it on Amazon.com.
