It's really a horrible film outburst. Its 70-minute duration is very well coated with recordings. The rest is an exterior without a description and the color of the interior of the scene. The exhibition of the plot is very poorly implemented. These are all superficial scenes that are somehow merged. There is no attempt at drama in the selection of the scene, but the dramatic is transmitted by the intensity of the actors. Do not ask. The action relates to a rocket radiating the heat of a million degrees that circles the Earth five miles, threatening to destroy the earth. It's a real-time threat that needs to be redirected if a special H-bomb can be created and put into an experimental rocket within an hour. There is nothing special to report here except for the scientist's crazy talk against the project, because there could be some life on the ship and think about scientific possibilities, but this speech of the obligatory idiots of the liberals by then was quite passable. /> What saves this movie, somewhat unique, IS is a stock footage. I've never seen a larger selection of fifty planes of combat aircraft in any other movie. This is by no means a complete list, but only some of the planes I could see. There is a brief interception by the pilot who flies, in alternative footage, the F-89 Scorpion and the F-86. The first one to cross the interceptors is the Canadian Air Force in Hawker and F-86 Saber Jets (or Canadian CF-13) and even the CF-100 Clunks. Then for some reason they are B-52s, B-47s, and even the B36s are seen to spill. More precipitation. "These Canadian planes are moving at a speed of 1200 miles per hour". I think that's not the case, because one of them looks like Gloster Meteor from the Second World War, the rest of the F-80. Meteors pressed the attack and one converted to the late F-84F with a year-old right-wing F-84 attacking the formation. There is a weird tandem version of the F-80 cab that does not seem to be a type of training T-33, but some kind of temporary variant with interceptors with radar in the nose. They are scrambled in a snowstorm. The airplane carrier at an angle is visible at about 500 meters. It is powered by cruisers F-8U, Tigers F-11F, A-5 Vigilantes and A-3 Skivarriors. The aviation compresses F-86 and F-84 and more F-89, which you've ever seen in life, as well as F-100 Super Saber and F-102 Delta Daggers. F-100s pressurized their attack with sooooo full padding. The F-89 unloads its rockets in its wings in a slo. Fire F-86, F-102, releases Falcon, even some F-80 (F-94?) With the missiles of the middle wing that are released. There is a very strange shot of the late F-84 model (prototype?) With the right-handed model of the F-85 above it, the fine, obviously, the advertisement of the manufacturer (Republic Aviation) that shows the differences between the old and the new improved models F-84 ThunderJet. How it came down here, any assumptions. There is another great Ottawa record in the old days when the capital city of Canada was a vast place on the road and particularly beautiful scenes of the New York Times Times Square during one of the civil defense exercises in the early fifties. I think that we have to deal with the idea that this was taken in Canada, with the possible exception of a car-hawk seen later in the picture, because the Pacific appears to be in the background. The use of Jovett Jupiter is a bit stunning and there's a nice TR3. Canada must have been cheap and fairly free in the background. As for the actual narration of the movie, there is little that could be recommended except for the mystery about who Ellen Parker is giving a finger at the end of the picture. And she definitely rejected someone. Would that be, R like Robert Loggia? The director who dies before this film is released? Her career as the last loan? As if gifts were donated by a gift more valuable than gifts.
