There are two types of characters on SHIELD: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who tirelessly strive for themselves and are interested in every mortal sin while telling themselves and everyone else that they are heroes, and everyone's hope is the only hope. More than any other play, STYT is about hypocrisy and self-denial. Unfortunately, hypocrites and self-deceptive heroes are shown, and as such have a typical junior hero 'incredible immunity to get defeated or caught and they come to the top over and over, making fools of all their peers. . The emission is characterized by excellent work with the camera. Leading inputs and losses are always great. It's really an artwork. Unfortunately, the story is a cartoon, overwhelmed scenario of meeting the desires of unconditional violence, rape and lies. The hero, who is pulling everything with him in an unsuccessful scheme after the unsuccessful scheme, is Vilei as a warrior cartoon character, always running away and ridiculing from all the elder fudds (anyone who does not support him in his lies and crimes) , automatically attract any good woman who supports the character to come to the show, always surviving every attempt to bring him to justice, and ALWAYS throw out your ears with their self-confidence. If another policeman detects something bad about something he is doing and someone gets hurt for his actions, he always blames the suspicious policeman, regardless of the fact that his plans and elaborate lies and convicted plans are always the cause. Every time. As well as 24, this show relies on fabrications and innumerable delays to withdraw its story for the season after the season. Incredible, incredible long-term stories are injected into the story of each season in order to provide a skeleton that can hang bloody, mutilated pieces of meat, which are corrupt actions of characters and the inevitable concealment. However, the most disappointing writers are 'hubris' while trying to change the sympathy of the viewers back and forth, to go from the characters to the funny. Sometimes, we want to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes we want to see him as a poor, incomprehensible soul. Sometimes we want to see Vico as a dangerous, sexual dish. Sometimes we want to see him as a poor guy with a golden heart. Sometimes we want to see Mari as a low-defective Izebel. Then they think that if they show her that she is sitting and talking over her dreams with Shane, we will find her to be cute and tragic. None of these manipulations is enough to get the kind of sympathy they want. Once they show these characters to destroy the lives of other people for their goals, that's it. It's nonsense to keep trying to turn your back and forth. But then, it's also ridiculous to produce seven seasons of these clumsy clowns who extract every existing super model in their beds and lead the criminal union right from the police station, right below all noses.
