It's like I wear a hair shirt. Positive, absolute, no shadow of doubt is one of the worst films ever. Pure torture. A zero star of ten. One long, boring, hard, pretentious, self-conscious, theater and lead art scene for another. Intended to be sophisticated and impressionistic, the soul is bare, and instead it is a sour mash. Half-naked, father and son tapping and whispering to each other as lovers. "Homo-erotic" is the point, loud and clear. OK, so what? Repeated several times by a son's line, allegedly erected from "The Life of Saints," "Father's Love Crucified. The beloved son allows him to be crucified." Parallel with God and his son, Christ, is a heavy hand, unimportant and bombastic, and everything else here. Some references refer to the topic of the Russian branch: "Mother and Son" (1997); "Return" (Andrei Zviagvatsev, 2003); "Little Odessa" (James Grai, 1994); Turgenev, "Eyes and Sons"; and, of course, Dostoevsky, "Karamazov Brothers". Credits in English indicate intentional international distribution, which means that the excuse can not be used to be a Russian to understand this mess. This is not nearly as successful or convincing as Sokurov's last "Russian chest" (2003). Like in his "Mother and Son", equally strong sleep, some scenes are taken from distorted mirrors, though not so interesting. The film is almost monochrome, captured from start to finish through beige filters, making it visually the way it drastically disappears. A murky soft focus only adds to the drugged feeling. Disturbing sound soundtracks are never closed, like a loop with a tape. The old radio is playing in the background constantly. Russian romantic melancholy infinitely hopes as "topics based on Tchaikovsky". The presence of "sound designers" (Sergei Moshkov) means, of course, that all these irritating little sounds, radio statics, noise, distortion, and the like, are "designed". It's hard to believe someone (Sergei Potepolov) wrote this thing. It all seems as arbitrary as traffic, as if improvised actors bored, popping out of nothingness into nothingness. Modern art has finally managed to mark the thing without being a thing, so what we see is the idea idea, empty as a shell, but not a shell, just a shell idea. Can a better definition of decadence be sought?
