Situated in South Africa, a young black man tries to shoot a part of the gangsta movie. But without knowing about street life, he was told to find out what life was or would not get a role. He managed to break into a band that was run by an old school friend, and his chances of appearing in the film are decreasing as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the growing disaster of a new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his. Although it may sound relatively interesting, that's all except. The first half is incredibly curvy and boring, while "hijacking" takes place only at the end with some very bad running of the car. In these "hunts" only two police cars are used, both of which were in the early nineties. Not only would this be pretty cheap to pick up (and it's pretty hard for me to believe in using old world cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I remember, there are only 2, and none of them gets scratch once. The search for cars is very bad, with distant and bad weather angles of the camera and minimal traffic on the roads, and they are completed in about 2 minutes maximally, because you should believe that very little child is a really highly experienced driver who can easily escape the police despite the fact that pedestrian driving is extremely impenetrable. This brings me to the characters and the acting, which are equally bad. The aforementioned kid riding a car looks about 13 years old and is allegedly extremely skilled in losing incredibly incompetent police. All the others are equally incredible, so that they themselves sometimes seem boring. At the final scene of the film, our main character ("Morse Juice") asks the gang leader to steal the car from the parking lot. While he has trouble opening it, the police arrives and asks him what he is doing and replies to him by telling him that it's their car. After a brief argument they try to arrest him, and he then keeps the police in a nišan and jumps back into their car. After he entered, the police retaliated and, in turn, was wounded. After another pathetic pursuit, they decide to leave the car and burn it to destroy all the evidence. What follows is one of the most funny and horrible horror special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", flames appear on every window with horrible sound effects that are not in time. It is so badly done and so falsified, seeing it is difficult even to put it into words, and it really should be seen to be believed. If you look at it slowly, it looks even smoother. I've seen better effects from documentary films about the reconstruction of murders. The car is the Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth much, and they could not seriously afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know how much was the budget for this film. It feels so cheap that I am surprised that it has arrived outside of South Africa, and even more surprised that it came to the DVD edition. I know it's not a big budget Hollywood production. I know it meant showing gangs in South Africa's impoverished settlements that steal middle-class cars and sell parts on the black market, but with funny effects, poorly executed car runs, terrible acting and ridiculous characters, the reality is completely lost. All in all, I certainly do not advise you to look at this. If you want to smile and see one of the worst, low-budget riots ever created, then I would recommend for that, and only that. It's a miserable, poorly-made, poorly-decorated, poorly timed and tedious piece of low budget that fails at all points. I've seen many South African movies, including many inexpensive NuImage / Nu-Worl action pictures, and despite their crudity, they're far better than anyone.
