***** WARNING, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS THAT WILL BE DIVERSED THAN THIS TRIP. **** <br /> Here's a good advice to everyone living in the UK. Late at night, read the book instead. I am currently in the process of recovering from attacks, for reading some comments on this movie. I'm actually shocked by the fact that someone actually said this film is real! All I can say is thank God that the Cold War never escalated or we may have given the borders of our chamber ... I think this film is extremely pretentious, maybe it's just my British perception of what makes the movie funny, who knows? But in all aspects, this film is not just terrible, its teeth are terribly terrible. I've never been a fan of Bill Murray, and his stupidity justifies my feelings for him in this way. Do not misunderstand me, I loved Ghostbuster, which was created only three years after this film. But this just complements Bill Murray. I can safely say that I have not wasted my time since I first saw Delta Force, although these two films have more common than you think. For one thing, both have horrible action sequences from beginning to end, and the other. They are both sprinkled with raw Cliche's, in all this. Here's one thing, these guys should be in the "US Armi". However, they were allowed to roll around their camp, Villi Nilli, misleading female police officers of the military police, and then fooling them in the Generals Kuarters. Talk about Random! This movie is awesome for this, I'm scared. Do not misunderstand me, I am not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women actually fall on the heels in love with two characters shortly after they arrested them, let them be released ... Twice is just offensive to a woman's race. The fact that one daddy's hair, a thick-sleeved ass (Vinger) and his unfortunate assistant Ramis can simply get into the underwear of MPs, which they crazy in love with, are nothing less than funny. Then there are training sessions, where you can get to know the composition of "Phicho" which unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches it or its things, and then a fat man (played by the late John Candi) who claims to join the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for the class of wrath". Leading to the loud voice of Murray, who paid tribute to the "Giant Toe" (VTF?) "Drill Seargent" who could not honestly arrange pi $$ in the brewery, let alone his recruiter. Everything that this scene serves is to overcome a multitude of fighting scenes, with people who say "a way to go to your ass"! "All the time, etc. etc. The scenes then continue to portray a group of cloths that make their tits on the Assault Course, leading to a scene where one of them wildly fires in the air by passing birds with an assault rifle, ramming a tower with bullets. , I told you that this film is random ... It has been miraculously escaped undisciplined as ...) In the end, it leads a parade in the passage, where the unfortunate detachment is a magical reversal within two hours. Thanks to some wise words from Murray, which they then direct the massive military dance routine before the Geriatrician m 'General' in front of other detachments, all of this with the great pleasure of their two girls on the stand, who should be arrested ... Everyone laughs This part is nothing more than incredible, and then chooses them to guard the new prototype armored vehicle Multi-Million Dollar in Italy (which turned out to be just a mobile house painted in green with gadgets inside), arguing that "this is exactly what this army needs!" Right ... Right Here is a terrific finale, where Murray and Ramis decided to steal this secret prototype of a military vehicle to trample or their newly acquired and somewhat Hiperactive MP girls in Germany. At what the Hapless Captain (John Larroquette) finds out and leads the Order of Fresh Recruits on a mission to return this vehicle. They then "misbehave" on the road and ended up in the Soviet Czech Republic, where they were captured. (As we did not see it coming ...) So begins an attempt to rescue Ramis and Murray + Bird in hand, where there is a great fight, a lot of shooting from the hook and blowing tanks. When they return as National Heroes, they humiliate the Russians by calling them "pussies", etc. The end. That's right. There are no court cases, nothing. They just stole the Prototype of the Military Vehicle, drove it to the Land of the Warsaw Pact and almost caused an international incident that could have been caused by the VV3! This film is sincerely funny to be diagnosed with terminal illness. I know she should have been a comedy, she has all the right actors for her, but where is that? Did Channel 5 cut off those parts? The only significant role in this film is the repetitive use of naked women who shower themselves and the female Mud Vrestling. (as I said, Random) Not that it helps to get rid of the fact that this is the ultimate shit movie, of course. This film should be realistically aimed at immature nine-year-olds, unfortunately, we have to watch it. 1 star of 10 - Total Tripe. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. You like Castrating ...
