I just saw "If?" I remember advertising for the 1968 movie, so I was interested to finally see it. Perhaps this is the perspective of an American who never went to the British public school and missed some of the social references, but I thought the film was horrible. First, as others have pointed out, it takes almost a whole movie for the noise that has been haughty in time. On the other hand, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what is happening is not a revolt, but a crack. There is a big difference. I know it's a bad form to judge a film about later events, but it can not be avoided to do it here. One person wrote a message on the bulletin board asking us not to compare the end of the film with incidents in Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Choa on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDovell) on the other, I just can not see it. All four were mistaken that their shooting would purify a world in which they are not assuming arrogance. What brings me to this: why are Travis and his friends even in a school they despise? They grew up, or near it. They are not in a military prison, as prisoners in "Brdo," a much better British movie at about the same time. No one forces them to go to college and take beating from whips, except perhaps the ambitious parents who need alertness about the nature of their sons. I had a chance at college to join the fraternity, except that I could not bear the silly, cruel orders of delinquents claiming to be my future "brothers." I took the consequences of not having an "in" with an institution provided by frats, and I can not say I regretted it. If Travis likes the second arrival of Lenin (whose idle picture hangs in his room), he is free to go out and organize a union assembly or to work for Michael Foot in the upcoming elections. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then go on the road and start writing. What is the possible benefit to the world driving motorcycle and drinking in your room? Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris" where Brando mopes had to go to a meeting with cow fertilizer on shoes. In the real world, a man said, the listener would say, "Why did not you rub it off? Changed your shoes?" - Do not let fictional characters get you self-pity, because you do not dare to point to an alternative course of action for them. So it's here.
