if ... is the film equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Dear baby boomers as the climax of creation, and seen as a pretty stupid job from the previous and next generations. Now that mid-class kids seem to be super-human about the Internet and look at the prospect of boarding-school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to Harry Potter books / movies, the importance if .... I can not. Be away from modern care. In fact, many scenes look so foreign and exaggerated to suggest the inspiration for the Pink Floyd wall. You never need to keep your personal bias against the movie while browsing, and the date of linking this movie to the side there are several drawbacks that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known as a fan of Luis Bunuel, who was mostly too smart for her own good. And despite the clear narrative of the first and second acts, this last part of the work was hostage from cod Builder of Surrealism and tight attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this undertaking because of his intelligent cynicism, he failed to see that Bunuel was curious in his work. I did not find a critic who is fighting for a "chapel in a drawer," and I'm almost sure he's still looking aside from those who love this movie. The ending is not such a concussion of the established class / value system as a wet slap on a moving target. The British public school system was firm for the middle class (ie educated at home by private tutors). And the modus operandi since ... was to check the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed were unexplored in the film, thus overcoming the transformation of the middle class. Homosexuality, generating cutlery, cold showers and so on. In reality, such issues were covered by many other great British films, if they ... just brought them to the forefront. The Brovning version was several pieces of the curse of such a pomp, to mention only one. If .... it is unusually weird and simply can not be considered modern (especially American) eyes. Honor Anderson to avoid Mike and Kiet in favor of the African concept, and a few points for cakes for latent homoerotic clues. Points rejected for pretension, the establishment of missing characters, and the incitement to the bulky revolution that has failed.
