The system of British public schools did not evolve exclusively with the idea of ​​forming higher strata in spite of popular and widespread delusions. It is designed to produce administrators and governors, civil servants and soldiers to run British colonies. These people are almost completely recruited. from middle class. When public schools began to show their value, the descendants of aristocracy were sent to them, not being educated at home by the tutors and governors, as was the case before. so Eton and Harrow became a particularly popular code for this class of parents. The vast majority of public schools took their pupils from lower social scales. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous student of the public school, was the son of a pastor in the country, not a belt with a grave. Thus, at the end of the sixties, England, a country that went through colonial guilt and discarded its latest obligations to former dependents as quickly as Harold Wilson could take off his "Gannek" mac, "If" Lindsay Anderson was greeted with cathartic joy class of fun and fun of everyone else. It must be remembered that the so-called "Year of Love" was followed by the "October Revolution" that did not leave a few police officers in London with head injuries and an American embassy with one or two broken windows, but achieved absolutely. nothing. When Anderson came to the cinema, disgruntled former revolutionaries were upset in what they saw as a glorious victory of the g. they succeeded in their attempts to enter the US embassy. The film did not tell us anything about public schools, homosexuality, maltreatment of cold showers, patrician sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. Too famous list. It has been proclaimed as an allegory that compares Britain to the corrupt society represented by the school. Well, for almost forty years in the same schools continue to flourish, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten except for those involved in one or the other side and Mr. Anderson has completed his "state of the Trilogy of the country without any If you accidentally want to read a book about schoolchildren who managed the system better than Mr. McDowell and his friends and lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalki & Co." written by a man named "If" called "Anderson" , a man born in colonial India, to a man whose work is quietly radiating from our literary history. Even before the class succeeds in proclaiming it, perhaps someone should start a revolution about it.
