There is one really good scene in Faat China. The title character is arguing with another woman and, after being threatened, Faith China sprays in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and quite fun at the same time. In that case, writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience an easy-to-figure figure, an interesting movie character that could be worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he represents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only thing that makes it the opposite is the tone. Ton is everywhere. It's true that all films do not have to clearly fit into a particular genre, but I do not think Faat China fits into any genre. Apparently, it's a drama, although there are moments of such a wide comedy (the above mentioned spraying in the face) that it can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with an abundance of serious topics that Sembene put into the picture. There is a way to combine comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semeben does not find that balance. Instead, one scene after another simply enters one another without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones in the wind. Faith of China also has a problem to spend two hours with a highly drawn final. The film ends with a great fun at which all conflicts of characters are resolved, but they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, it probably lasts for twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scene is all the way to this point, the finale is especially difficult to endure with the repetition that begins early on the scene, creating a frustrating viewing experience. Perhaps I am too hard on Faat China. I'm not the right audience for that. I did not feel anything about the characters and I had nothing to do with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something significant in the story and see powerful characters. However, I was not able to do so and therefore I can not recommend it.
