A young man kills a young woman for no reason. The man's brother was convicted of being an accomplice, but he quickly escaped. After escaping, a seemingly innocent man takes three victims and soon enters his girlfriend on the horse. If this is not bad enough, the situation quickly creates a downward spiral. This film had some good aspects and many bad ones. The strongest aspect was the actress Emili Haack. Putting aside the fact that she is naked in this movie, she is a decent actress and a very strong character. I do not see the reason why he can not take this experience and somehow turn him into a career in some way. I was convinced that she was a merciless individual. Also, the creators of this film were very brave and did not hit them. Graphic nudity (both male and female), coprophagia and extreme anal violence do not hide. I like that my horror films are a little crowded, and this one has ignored them completely, and I am glad to skip to Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they achieved what they asked for. But now negative aspects. First, and most obviously, this film has a very low budget, and the quality of the film shows it. I apologize - the plot was decent, the performance is fine, and in some scenes a film of lower quality actually made the film even more disturbing (more realistic). So, I will not hide them because they have low-quality equipment. What I will regret is the use of bad choices in footage. Without a reason, I can not determine (in addition to the film being stunned) there is a large amount of cemetery recordings. I really do not know why, and I honestly started to sleep at this time, because it was so long and meaningless. The idea was that people are misled into thinking that this movie is related to the classics "I spit on your grave". Now, there is a line that seems to imply that the main character is the daughter of a woman from this other movie. And the themes are very loose (the woman refreshes on men). But there is no strong link and the reason this title was chosen was that the video store user thinks it will get a sequel. This was misleading and dishonest. My last big complaint is that this plot does not make sense. Not at all. The woman was initially killed for no reason. A refugee from prison finds time to kidnap people to torture them, for no reason (because they hurt girls?). The same man goes from good to very evil without explanation. Similarly, the female leadership (Haack) turns a normal person into someone who is overly cruel and sadistic, for no reason, and against people who are mostly marginal to her (a neighbor who offers drugs for sex is Wrong, but it's not worth it to torture Do not let this title deceive you, or the claim that the film is incredibly shocking. Yes, some of the scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the movie is boring and you want to go to sleep. If you see this in a video or Netflick, just continue browsing. Or rent it, and we can sit and rest for hours. You are warned.
