Shock-trader Leo Fulci takes a rhythm change by making a trashy, barely coherent sword and a magical fantasy movie instead of his usual trash, a barely coherent horror. The Orly type, which is called Ilias, from a society somewhat similar to ancient Greece, travels across the ocean to the caveman's territory on an unclearly defined search for the fight against evil, where it joins a hunter who loves the animals of the wolf man and the mutant the subjects of a vampire topless evil sorcerer. Vackiness arises. The Wizard, oppressing local cavalry people and wants a magic bow for himself. She sends various servants, each weirdest of the past, after our heroes who defeated in the end, hitting for the oppressed cave people everywhere. This film contains a permanent stream of VTFs? Elements and moments. For some reason, the entire movie was shot in soft focus, and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. This may have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide how fake everything looks. In any case, it did not work. There is no atmosphere, unless it's sparkle and mild confusion and there is no hiding how cruel it is. The wolf's men look like the vookie of a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with recordings of jumping through the air in a slow motion movie Sik Million Dollar Man style, according to our heroes when they attack. Probably there are about a dozen of these footage during the movie and every time it appears easier. Other servant wizards in Toples, other than generic people dressed in the skin, are some grubging white mutants that appear to be covered with spider. Needless to say that they are slow and unharmed, and when they speak they sound like gaius Hispanics, the Daleks lick. Fighting is stiff and unconvincing, and special effects are sad. Oh, yes, music is a cheap synthesizer thing that Doctors Who Made the Shame Who Would Have Used To Use. Ilias, our nominal hero is mild and forgetful. It looks completely, especially when the middle part reveals leather clothes and big hair, and it's obviously a jerk. Of course, he fired dynamite with his magic arc, but he only searched about three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight against this whole evil of the continent. Needless to say, his arrow disappeared within minutes and must be saved by a more traditional sword and magician hero Mace. When he meets Ilias, he establishes himself as a silent, lonely guy, claiming that he has no friends, but you can not say a hidden homoerotic subtext, they are friends from the chest, who together capture the misty hills. Mays promises to take Ilias with him in return for bowling services. Ilias asks where he is going. "Whereever my feet take me," his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also a fan of animals and an unheard-of hypocrite. It proclaims its great love and affection for animals, citing common things about how it prefers to people because people can be soooo signs. He says he will never hunt and kill an animal to feed, but will steal meat from other people who have been hunting animals. He also did not accidentally kill innocent passers-by for no good reason. Shortly after they met, he is testing Ilias's arch, and the film is filmed by some random cave man, taking care of his business, walking and Mace kills him. There is no indication that this poor soul has done something to earn this, and even Ilias, who supposedly originates from a morally and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. The crime in movies is quite unusual. For the entire film, she is completely naked except for a g-string and a gold mask covering her whole head. It was as if Fulci had included her to make the film a mandatory T & A coefficient, but decided that she was too pastry at the last minute. For a long time he exerts a seeming pleasure to his snake lovers and dreams of being killed by a faceless arc dressed like Elijah. Wow, such a symbolism! Later, the film comes out when Ilia and Mace can not win and promises to become the sexual edge of an ancient warrior, if he kills them. It's hardly the most horrifying villain in the world and it's not really a step forward for women's rights. I think that he is a pauperous being on our heroes and imitates Macea in a situation where there is no one but Mace to deceive. Is it really worth trading with self-esteem, Ocron? Has a lot of other VTFs? moments. Most of them come to the end of the movie. Ilias is struggling, I forget why, perhaps his crushed hairstyle became mussed, but he sees the error in his ways and returns to help Mays in the fight against the evil of evil. Suddenly, for no apparent reason, his arch can suddenly fire multiple targets seeking energy. Screws can also shoot through a rigid wall when needed. Needless to say, his work is short for the hordes of bad guys who captured Macea. The peak is also pretty meaningless. Mace decimates Ocron's remaining forces using the possibility of attack by laser attacks. He is then able to kill Ocron from a kilometer away using his shot through the rock's capacity. It starts to die. Her mask was torn off revealing the disgusting head of the Muppet. She staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and flies with another dog. Mace smile. It's quite unusual about these incredible low-budget films and swords that are reasonable and focused. Anyone who has seen the Lost Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how foolish and winding these films really can be.
