Despite being released on Blu-ray on DVD five years ago, I never came across this Italian "sword and sorceress" on late Italian television, and now that I've seen it for myself, I know exactly why. Not because of the typical prejudice of her director for extreme mountains (some of which have some examples to be sure) or the fact that a handful of women in her parade toples all the time (it's still set in the dark) is, quite simply, very poor things. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it is perhaps the worst kind of species I've ever seen and, believe me, I've seen a lot (especially in the last few years, that is, after my excursion in 2004 Film Festival in Venice! How it is thought that the film's failure at the time of its original release led to his mistake in a later (and sad) career in the foolish low-budget mountains, I see their point: I might have liked Fulci's earlier "giallo" period (1968-77) his horror (1979-82), but, even on the other, his commitment is not On the other hand, it seems that CONKUEST did not inspire Fulci the least, seeing how he decided to stumble the process with disturbing lasting hazards, spray it with incompatible characters (human beings against the insect, anybody?), irrelevant worse (we are treated with a lackluster, nasty Cannibal Evening just before the testimony of people who eat meat, their brain is literally thrown out by their hairy antagonists!) and even some very incongruous intimacy between masked, inexorable crimes (do not ask) and its slim reptile! For what is worth, we have two heroes at the price of one here: a young magical boy who has a madman on the odyssey of confirming masculinity (Andrea Occhipinti) and his obscure muscular follower (Jorge Rivero, or Frenchi from Howard Havks). RIO LOBO [1970]!) Which, although it's called Mace (the abbreviation of Maciste, maybe?), It seems that it's easy to retire to his cave from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (especially for the time extremely unpleasant attack of 'ulcers'). Unfortunately, even the usual savings of such raw material here is short, as the electronic result of the former Goblin Claudio Simonetti sometimes seems rather inappropriate. Fulci is even trying to give the film a funny bustling code with a surviving hero who walks wildly into the wild (after defeating one and all with the help of an increasingly important magic harbor? So much for his supreme physical strength!) On his next ?? and luckily undetected ?? adventure!
