A model named Laura is working in South America when she takes the gang from her hotel room and takes her to the jungle. They are demanding a huge ransom for her release. Peter is hired to take the house to safety and there is a bonus for him if he can return the money as a girl. Peter was taken to the jungle by a helicopter with his friend Jack. They are trying to give false money to the kidnappers in exchange for Laura, but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to save the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and they also have to give up (it does not go well until now). Also, the jungle wandering is the kind of devil. In reality, it's just naked black with strangely big eyes and a breathing problem. He starts killing a few hijackers, and Laura runs only to catch some primitives. The rest of the film is a bit blurred. Now I'm not a big fan of Jess Franco, in fact to this day it's just his other movie that I've seen, but even I can say that this is not one of his greatest efforts. The movies take place quite slowly, without much. The whole thing could easily be arranged in a 25-minute TV show. There are many overly long recordings of people passing through the jungle that could have been just erected. synchronized, behaved badly and slowly, but for some reason he did not bother me. I think that the main reason for that was one of the hilarious bad scenes in it. For example, the scene in which Laura walks the street is obviously shot in the right street, while many people stop looking at the camera as a recording. Another funny scene is that one of the killed gangs hung on a tree dropping blood, while one of his friends stands directly beneath him screaming for what seems like a minute. Then, for no apparent reason, the man in the head just falls and hits the man beneath him. He must be seen to believe him. Then, of course, there is a real devil. It's just a naked black guy who, despite the fact that he has massive eyes, has a very blurred vision. is forbidden. Now that I have no idea. There is very little blood and it's hardly a shocking film. Minus nudity I would say that he could get out of PG almost. The only thing I can remember is that it was never monitored and added to the original list due to the mouth. There are not many reasons to watch this movie, unless you're a massive Jess Franco fan. There are many nudity that keeps you from falling asleep, and also some scenes that are so bad that you can laugh a bit, but I would say that you just pay a ticket to South America and get lost in the jungle. It would probably be more fun. 3/10
