The problem with The Killer Elite is that just by looking for this film and investing time to watch it, you are putting more effort into the experience than many of its principals, especially director Sam Peckinpah. <br /> <br> The already unstable Peckinpah went in rough time with this film. According to at least one biograph, he met cocaine there. Add to that and his drunkenness, and it's no wonder that things have fallen apart. It's a pity, because the film concept is good, and the first ten minutes are very promising. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private contractors who are doing a lot of dirty work for the CIA. They move quickly, live well and look like the best friends - then something happens to break their brotherhood. The introductory scene shows that they are destroying the building - why they did not even say it, for a course in terms of the murky motivation of this film. But the implication is that these guys hurt people and that they do not really care about them - anticheroids like the wild crowd of Peckinpach are not so long ago. The introductory title tells us that they work for ComTeg, and then adds with an obvious language in the face "... the CIA's thought can hire such an organization for any purpose is, of course, pointless." It's a pretty smart way for the audience to find out that all bets are off. Add to this traditionally strong Peckinpah backup, including Burt Ioung, Gig Ioung and Peckinpah regular Bo Hopkins in the plain role of a lunatic who can not miss the opportunity to be hit by $ 500 a day, and you only You want scriptwriters, including the famous Sterling Silliphant, to do something more with the story than to turn it into a platform for lazy people - Liners and bad cuts. An attempt to inject a dose of liberal social commentary is embarrassed. "You're so busy doing your dirty work, you can not tell who the bad guys are," someone tells Locken, as if he or he or we needed it. Worse still, Peckinpah's awkward direction and slow pace are worse. We are 40 minutes in the movie before we get the first scene of the battle, a totally chaotic collection of random shots where a bunch of people we never saw before are seen fighting at the San Francisco airport and their combat intervention in a conversation with the Office package. By the end of the film, what remains of the actors is the battle of a fleet of armed boats of victory, a ninja that runs outdoors to be killed while Caan casts a liner that undermines any hint of real uncertainty. "Take me from seven to five, I'll take a little man," he says before a climatic samurai duel between two ninja warriors - from China, which we all know, the country of Ninja. (The battle is taking place in San Francisco, but surprisingly no Mounties has ever been able to break things.) Caan is much better in smaller scenes, as when Locken, recovering from some nasty injuries, says one his bosses, played by smooth Arthur Hill, that the organization "threw it on the tooth". Caan refuses to stay down, and his recovery scenes, although killing the movie sweep, features great acting from him and Amy Heflin, Van's Daughter, as nurses for support. Caan was one of the best actors in the 1970s, and his laconic play with Heflin, Duvall, Hopkins and both Ioungs gave "Killer Elite" the real viewing possibility. But you do not watch "Killer Elite" thinking about it. You look at how he thinks about the film he has escaped.
