"Nobody knows anyone" is a thriller about the conspiracy theory of a Satanist bomber targeting religious ceremonies in Seville during Holy Sunday. He is also the best friend of the film's hero. The plot is set by the bombers as a computer game, with itself and a hero as players, and Seville as a virtual environment. The very real streets and streets of the city are beginning to take on the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman-type games. Viewed in this way, the scene in which the hero and his female assistant persecuted repentant with red hoods and ragga might not look dumb while playing. From the very beginning, we are aware that narration is being built as a game - the hero's job is to create crossovers for popular newspapers; At one point, the grid of crossed words on the screen becomes a chessboard on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. Traces are freely scattered, because the camera mysteriously closes in the images that are later shown to be significant (for example, ad in the tape). The elements of the detective / paper search are part of the ongoing game, not the investigation after the fact. The film largely borrows for Se7en's story of the form, and anyone who has a Catholic education will likely get the significance of certain events that occur on certain days in the period up to EAster. In this reading, the game is at the level of narration, with a hero fighting the enemy (in this case, a computer) to win and save the day. But there is another game, the film itself, which undermines the first. There is another set of indications that do not indicate the intent of the killer, but for films and his heroes. In the first ten minutes, chess is mentioned, writer Navokov and cult leader Sarin. If we remember that Nabokov is a pseudonym who likes chess, he was Sirin, we see another game, in which we suspect he is not a bad guy, but a hero himself. In Nabok's novel such as Pale Fire, the author creates a text that is designed to hide his motives, causing the game between the writer and the reader to discover the real text. Through the film are scenes that are visually distorted (eg Image Contraction), or which are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspicious at the point of view of the hero. All references to the games are related to it. In the early sequences, much is the sexual and creative impotence of the character, so the film could be his attempt to master his life, to be the winner, in a way that he can not really. Only after winning the game, his writer disappears; The words he pronounces are the title of the film, suggesting that he is the author. Furthermore, this title in the Spanish language negatively reflects on itself, a very Nabokov involution that suggests that a hero, like Kinbota, is trapped in his own soloism. Finner, Dosier Ks, Run Lola Run, Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a folder and text and as a cultural history that permeates the present), Bunuellian anti-clericalism, and "shock" films Alec de la Iglesia results in a film that is precisely this, a mess, every smart-smart allusion element that undoes the last, scattering interest. The lack of clarity in the rules of the game makes it unintelligible and ultimately worn. Ironically, in the work of such overly determined skills, the main interest of the film is its documentary quality, as a narrative record that takes place in the right city with its own independent events. Such ambiguous blurring of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece such as 'Sans Soleil' or 'London', but ultimately you must have a light touch to fit your wisdom.
