Within the framework of science fiction, two special themes that consistently arouse interest were originally researched in the pre-cinematic era literature, and have since been periodically reviewed by filmmakers and writers, with varying degrees of success. The first theme, time travel, has maintained an unwavering fascination for film lovers, as well as a written word, recently on the screen with another version of the classic H.G. Vells, Time Machine. The second theme, which also holds the audience in bondage, is that invisibility, which provokes imagination with its seemingly endless and countless possibilities. And this theme has also become the basis for a movie adapted from another classic HG Wales, "The Invisible Man," whose performance here is "The Hollow Man," directed by Paul Verheven, starring Kevin Bekon and Elisabeth Shue. Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been conducting experiments for the US government for some time, exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility, which they finally achieved in large numbers. primates on which they tested their method. They, in fact, have progressed to the point of ensuring invisibility; their only problem is that the subject returns to the original "visual" condition. The problem, however, is that Caine, after strenuous work and too many hours in the lab, has solved - or he thinks so. And when applying his theory to a living entity is successful, he decides to present the results to the board, in an effort to maintain the necessary funds to continue the project. At the last minute, however, Kane demurches, fearing that the control of the project will be taken away before they go to the next level - testing a human subject. He also takes on himself to become the subject, providing the help of his research team by telling them that they have been approved by the Board to do so. But something went wrong, and Caine becomes trapped in her mantle of invisibility; and as he and his team struggling to find a solution to his significant dilemma before it is too late, everything begins to take a tribute to Caine's mind. And suddenly, his fear of losing funding and control becomes unimportant, as he faces the immediate danger of losing much more than that. Now there is a very real chance that he loses everything - including himself. Verhoeven made what was initially exciting, even provoking a movie; it establishes a good pace and uses F / Ks for a great effect, although it tends to allow striking visuals to overwhelm character development. Anyone who knows "Invisible Man", or anyone who can logically follow the progress of a story, will soon know that Caine is not destined for happier times. Nevertheless, Verhoeven has a storytelling style that will surely attract attention and involve his audience. But he seems to be inclined to crawl to the peak, and by the way he leaves any and all the nuances that made his film so successful, deciding to enter the final sequence that is nothing but foolish blood and blood. a fest that betrays his audience and everything he did earlier in the film. Instead of seeking an intelligent resolution for Caine's suffering, and using some inventiveness and imagination to make the film lead to its inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven leads the low path, and although it can succeed at a purely visceral level, any meaning that could be derived from the story of the solvent is like ash in the wind, along with everything that would make this an unforgettable movie. And that's a disadvantage, because Verhoeven is at a higher level than what is offered in this genre, and allows him to sink unnecessarily into one much lower. Kevin Bakon is doing a good job. creating a person who is convincing, at least on the surface, which seems to serve Verhoeven's purposes perfectly. There is little depth of Bacon's picture, but he has more to do with his director's plan than with his own acting abilities. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon to develop Caine to any extent; Character is mainly a vessel around which Verhoeven can build his story, and therefore works. The film would have been better served, however, whether Verhoeven and Bacon worked closely on at least developing a link between Caine and the audience, which would lead to some emotional participation in the part of viewers, something that would attract them a bit, but not leave them at gates, as they were, as regular observers of F / K's loaded extravagance. experiment, but this is basically an ungrateful part that offers a small challenge, especially the actor of Shue's caliber. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 movie "Things Behind the Sun"). Her character, Sara Kennedy, does not support anything more than the support of the action and F / Ks. Both actors are capable of much more, and they deserve better than what they have been given to work here. Supporting actor includes Josh Brolin (Matthev), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joei Slotnick (Frank). ), Mari Randle (Janice) and Villiam Devane (Dr. Kramer). Fun to some point, and even successful at a certain (low) level, 'Hollywood Man' is one of those movies that let you think about what it could be. As a yearly fireworks, he will give you instant excitement, but after a while he will begin to fit with all the others you have seen, without anything special to separate him. And that's bad, because in view of the talent and abilities of those involved here, there could have been much more. I estimate this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
