Vampires Vs. Zombies begin with news that an unknown disease spreading across America leaves patients with killer and cannibal tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonnie Girouk) listen to the radio while driving isolated paths to break through and avoid the disease when Travis he crosses over a guy I suspect is a zombie. A little further down the road stops helping Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her daughter, Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who wander from the side of the road, at this moment there is also a third teenager named Tessa (Melanie Cristal) in the back of Julia's car, tied and curled mouth. For me, this situation would seem strange, but Travis, like the soldier who is, takes everything into his own hands and agrees to "take" Carmilla from Julia's hands and, I do not know, actually. So, with a complete stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla looks like a nice girl, but it turns out Vampire loves to bite people and turn them into Vampires, oh, and she is biased against a bit of lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while a guy called the General (Peter Ruginis), who looks like some sort of vampire killer and probably has something to do with all that, but the film is such a mess and I really do not know how to wear this plot plot until my head hurts just thinking about it ... Co-editor, co-executive producer, wrote and directed the extremely non-targeted Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror films ever and therefore one of the worst movies ever. The D'Amato script is obviously based on a classic story called 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and represents an absolute mess, the holes in the plot and the logic are so great that you can pass through them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who's Julia? Who the hell is General? What does he want? Where are Travis & Jenna going? How can Travis guide a man over and still has the least human emotions over him? What about the mental department in the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary sleep sequences that only make the viewer more disturbed. There are only so many things that are wrong in this movie, narration leaves no sense, the concept is awesome and never explained correctly, plus it's incredibly boring. I have no positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombie, not one. Forget about all the vampires fighting zombies because it just does not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires vs. Zombies? Director D'Amato has served one of the most competent, dumbest, badly made, poorly designed and painful viewing experiences ever made. Vampires Vs. Zombies do not have redeeming qualities at all, there is not one aspect that can boast. The blood is really fake, there are some traces of blood that look like red water, some really cheap effects, and half a decent climactic where zombies eat Carmel and Jen's intestines, this rather bloody scene is probably the best part of the whole poor movie, but it only takes a few minutes and does not in any way compensate for the rest of 85. Budget for Vampires vs. The zombies were certainly small, in fact, they even had a budget because most vehicles were put on the road in several cars. This is one of the hottest horror movies, and my misfortune was to watch, the whole thing is bullshit. The acting is predictably terrible, and I think terrible. There's not much more to say, Vampires vs. Zombies are easily one of the worst films ever made. (V) next to the title on the main IMDb site Vampires Vs. Zoimbi suggests he went straight to the video, and that's too good for this bunch of shit because he deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
