Okay, I watched this movie twice, I was researching it on the Internet, I asked a few people about those opinions. I even went to read the original Sheridan Lafana Classics 'Carmilla', the book on which this film should be based. I feel the best way to review this movie is to describe the game that will be played while you are watching it. It seems that complicating the film does not make any sense, here's the complication of books. Laura lives in a mansion in Siberia with her father, Mr. De Lafontaine. They continue to live their lives blissfully and peacefully. One day they receive a letter from the 'general' man who made his life mission to avenge the death of his daughters. He claims that at work is a supernatural force and explains that he will visit them soon. In the meantime, a casual encounter with a strange woman leads Lafontaini to take care of her daughter Carmilla for several months. Soon Laura begins to be overwhelmed with strange dreams and begins to crash into a strange disease. Who is that mysterious Carmilla? And what does she have with Laurin's condition, and the general? I invented this game and I would like to have as many people as possible to play it, and let me know what their results are. I have even an attractive name, and I would have a jingle, but I can not be upset with it. It's called "this movie makes no sense". All you have to do is to, while watching a movie, try to come up with a complete plot that explains what's going on. I mean, completely, to all the questions answered, everything makes sense, absolutely complete. It will have to answer questions like ... Why are vampires wandering for days Why are all lesbians? Why is a girl named Bob? And why was it fired? When is the movie a dream and when is it real? Why zombie killing is an accepted part of life that's why Why Travis Fontaine is also a zombie without slowing down while driving his car, but when you face a woman with an obvious I'm going to beat her car, accept the excuse that she too is a zombie? * Then why did he release the girl, whom he later reveals to know that he is the main vampire, to drive with him in his car? <br /> * And then he let himself go, alone with his daughter in a stolen car? What the hell is the scene of asylum? <br /> * What is the hell, green pig? * Why the head of a vampire suddenly begins to dress like a nurse? Why are vampires never fighting Zombies? * What is the character of the necklace? What is it made of? Why Kills Vampires? And how does Jenna know? In fact, it's really fun trying to figure out as many questions about this movie. I have my plot, and I must admit it is not quite there, but it is quite a good effort. In conclusion Vampires vs Zombies have no time in it, they are actually vampires fighting zombies. Everybody in the movie seems to know exactly what is happening, but it seems that they are very reluctant to let the audience on this. And somehow it's based on the classic horror novel of the 19th century. How? Why? What the hell is going on?
