Oh, he really is. I've seen movies that I do not like anymore, for any reason, but I've never seen a movie that fails in every aspect of film making. It does not even fail to collapse on the film, in the way it can be said that Hercules is doing in New York. At least I do not like the movie, but it's the worst movie I've ever seen. Acting is the first thing that hits you. I've never seen a worse film out of pornography. In fact, I have a lot of pornographic films that were better than this. It's really terrible. Technical, it's terrible. Working on the camera is amateur. Editing is meaningless. I suppose you could not afford adequate sound equipment, which meant that every scene in the car (and many of them) drives about three miles per hour, and each scene placed outside the same piece of forest (and there are too many) is actually named from study, again lending more mischief to pornography. The action is pointless, as many have pointed out. I will defend the vampires who walk by day by the fact that despite popularizing it with Nosferatu, this was never the original part of the vampire myths. Speaking of the vampire myths, the writer obviously read Carmill, or at least see Vampire Lovers. I'm not sure how I feel about it, swaying from the impression that the film that has this awesome movie has at least some aspirations towards the Gothic novel that I like very much; or annoied of their best sledgehammer references and in the worst total desecration of original material. At least the "general" is an insult to Peter Cushing. However, she gets two stars, just because I can not bring myself to a star for a movie that has or at least vampires and zombies in it. I accidentally watched Lifeforce (another movie with vampires and zombies) on the same day as this one, and despite the fact that the film itself was wrong, it really comes out of the masterpiece in relation to this. So in the end, this is not a movie so bad that it's good, or so bad it's in any way pleasing, even drunk. It's just a mess, and nobody's worth watching.
