First of all, I have to emphasize how rare it is that I took the time to comment on the film I saw, I need a very special case to take the time and write about how I felt about the film. However, out of the hundreds of movies I've watched, I've seen some of the brightest, most powerful, Shavshank, Scariest, Women in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampire vs Zombies. The first thing that must be said is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a bright movie that will be fun or at least so bad it's funny, look somewhere else. It's true that a movie like this does not try to be subtle and brilliant, with a title such as this, you should know what you are getting into. However, there is no excuse for the film to abandon any rule that rules the world of film. This is not an argument between the traditional process of filmmaking and the new and "artistic" methods of filmmaking, this is the argument between bad directors and companies that are considered responsible for making horrible films. The film suffers from overuse by saying, "I do not know where to start." Indeed, everything in this movie is broken. Since acting and montage, there is no reason for any movie to fail to deliver a cohesive sequence of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems are: \ t 1. Scumbags - It's clear that the director, cameraman and actors were not on the same page. On one scene, the scene begins with a camera lying on the ground and looks at the passenger's door of the car. You expect a person to go out but there, and this is not excessive, at least 10 seconds, the delay between the camera is turned on and the director says "action" where everything is on the screen. The viewer stays at the door of the car all the time without sound, without movement, only stereotyped "dead air" scared by radio or TV commentators. Where was the editing? 2. Behavior - An offense in most cases, you can not expect such a movie that Oscare will have winners, but Vampires vs. Zombies take a bad effect on the whole second level. These "actors" could barely read their scripts obviously because anyone with any ability to read and talk could utter words better than these fools. My only comparison for the acting should be the introductory scene from Resident Evil at Plaistation. But this act was even better. 3 - The story - Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect this to be the greatest story you've ever said, but is it too much to ask for some kind of privation? Why Vampires? What are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there any good guys? Why all lesbians? But most importantly, what about the zombies? If you saw this movie then you will understand what I mean, but to those who are not, there will not be zombies in this movie, except perhaps five minutes. It was almost as though the director had forgotten the name of the film and was forced to insert some zombies without explanation at the very end. There are many more, but I hope that I have done enough that someone does not see this movie.
