The above seemed a much more suitable title when I and my suicidal subordinates decided to watch this masterpiece of modern crap Erotic, horrible, suspicious, well-designed, these are all things that this movie fails <br /> < However, it's incredibly funny, slow sound effects and poor synchronization add to this to make one of the biggest comedies I've seen in recent years. And yet, this film does not try to be funny and it is one of the greatest film achievements, it becomes a comedy without an attempt to entertain. Through an old man who looks incredible Santa Claus goes around in zombies and breaks the vampires into the ground. This made me do not believe the title of the movie, if it's a zombie vampire, why are vampires and zombies not fighting? Oh well, moreover, except that there was more flaw in this rent than in the title. Like this; there has been a virus that passes through America, creating zombies as being that go around and behave like an average tourist. Yet, in the whole film, there are only four zombies. Another problem is that one store is abandoned everywhere. You would surely see zombies wandering in the forest or in the background. In fact, I believe that they drove around in the woods over and over, because they did not have a high enough budget for shooting in the wider area, or that the director did not want to spend his precious time on shooting in various was busy with the wooden seat in the trailer while jerked with such trivial things. In fact, the director had so much fun that he did not have enough time to hire someone big enough or even an editor. And so he said eight members of the actors to dress like different people and try not to act incalculably, while I suppose he changed his name and began to randomly cut off the film tape "editing is not a hard job anyway?" The only reason this "movie" found the way into our bag was because we somehow confused him with Freddie vs. Jason, strangely how these things are happening, is not it? And the only way we did it was that the night was tying up the gas mask and fastening to our skulls to avoid the stench of this torment. Oh yes, we were laughing at the end, but I'm sure it does a lot when it loses reason ...................
