(some spoilers) - as if you would not know how it would end. My expectations for HOLLOV MAN were high. A very good advertisement, a director such as Paul Verhoeven and actors such as Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue, as well as a very interesting topic - invisibility. Every premise for a great movie has been made. Unfortunately, these things did not matter at all. The film was very weekly, without tension and terribly predictable. Everything is in the crowd of scientists who discovered invisibility. After the animal tests succeeded, Kevin Bacon decides to test it on himself. Once invisible, he changes completely, realizing the benefits of invisibility. From this to the murder there is a very thin line. Holl Man is a sick movie. It suffers from a disease that many new films have: special effects. From the tempting theme that could bring producers to a big, tense psychological thriller, Verhoeven is destroying everything focusing only on special effects, without worrying about the real value of the film. I have to admit that fk is super, probably the best I've seen from the Matrix, but that's not enough for the movie to be good. In fact, it's a film problem today. Like Verhoeven, most directors are concerned only with spectacular scenes - and nothing more. The exception is very small, and probably Matrix is ​​the only film that combines extraordinary special effects and an excellent plot. After the Starship Trooper, Verhoeven again disappoints. Instead of a big movie, HM is cr * p. There are only two reasons why you could watch this movie: 1. special effects of the 2nd joke with Superman and Wonder Voman (I will not spoil you this moment ...) Ok, so what's wrong with film? All. Let's see what I can remember. --- It is not at all tense at all. It was, but it was not. It is too predictable. You know from the beginning who will die and who will live. --- Instead of focusing on a psychological part, Verhoeven takes care of effects only. - - Very many clichés. --- Of course, the bad guy wakes up several times before he dies. --- As in any low-quality horror, the first rule is to let the characters separate as far as possible. Every time someone is alone in a lab, the perfect sacrifice for Bekon. --- Some holes in the plot. Example: At first, Bacon needs to scan his finger to enter the lab. After being invisible, how can he do it? --- End: absolutely horrible. --- After Shue hit Bacon in the head, Bacon falls on the court. Then Shue and Brolin leave quietly and slowly, without taking a look. Is that normal? Then Bacon got up, attacked them, they were "killing him" again. And then Shue screams "I heard the explosion" (it happened a few minutes ago), and they suddenly run inside. Did not she hear that explosion some time ago? --- There is a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging over the actors. Come on, Mr. Verhoeven, I expected much more than you! So this is about Holl Manu. What was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam. Vote: 4 out of 10 (for special effects)
