Although it's not really such an awesome movie (especially if taken into account that it was made directly for TV distribution), it will be very difficult to point out one aspect in "Bloody" which is actually genuine or refreshing. Vampires in the universe are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many movies dealing with these monsters in this environment, no one seems to realize that this is an incredibly stupid premise that can in no way lead to half a decent horror movie. "Bloodthirsties" even go a step further and shamelessly imitate every imaginative film image that either turns on vampires and inter-gallant warfare. The plot and characters are mostly stolen directly from the "Spirit of Mars" by John Carpenter and "Aliens" James Cameron, while a team of futuristic vampire hunters cruise through space and regularly held to eliminate a mutant species that is specifically named for the notorious iconic horrors such as Voorhees and Leatherfaces . Good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, they constantly deal with cliché issues and endlessly argue about terribly irrelevant things. Captain Damian is an unpopular newcomer who will really have to prove his leadership skills now because he is more or less responsible for the death of former (and far more beloved) Captain Cherchil. Other disadvantaged characters include a typical cowboy style and activate a lucky sword pilot, a fierce female warrior with more balls than any man on the boat (she is of Asian descent, as a girl in "aliens" was Latino) and most soldiers are a precious secret weapon: blade! Quintana is a wonderful and deadly vampire who has chosen the side of the people. Can spot the enemies when they are still away from light years, and can also do bad sexy things with someone's wet dreams. In the end, they all learn to work as a team when they are forced to deal with the ultimate vampire criminal: Michael Ironside (in another lower role). "Bloodthirsty" is an indescribably stupid movie, but it can manage as long as there are blood kills, infantile dialogues and OTT effects of makeup. This becomes the only unbearably bored, when frustrated soldiers know who the Captain blames on the way and blah blah. This film is a continuous series of lame clichés and non-creative ideas, but at least it is visible.
