The man was in the farthest parts of the country and now travels to new worlds. But with the new worlds, ancient evil ... the vampires of the universe come. And not just a handful of entire tribes. In this film (which I have seen as "Bloodthirsty", but I assume that "Vampire Wars"), we see what happens when imperialist clans meet with imperialist vampires. I will make this review very short. because it does not deserve a good overview. The best I can say for this movie is that it has a good b-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and she was much more attractive here than in "Bloodraine 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and he's always a favorite fan (as I said, he's Jack Nicholson, poor). Even Carrie-Ann Fleming was given as "Damian's wife", which will now be recognized by fans of the choir as Jenifer's "Jenifer" from Dario Argenta. So, this film, however bad, is not without some names ... but the same can be said for Uwe Boll's work. The concept of military monitoring and killing of vampires in the universe is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this film falls heavily. The acting, especially from the vampire, is at the top and I simply did not think that the explanations of their existence were very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". As far as I understood, this should have been a smart reference to horror fans, but it was not at all smart. It sounded stupid and not in place (as opposed to many more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither", such as naming stores after lesser-known horror directors). That's all I want to say. If you can handle a lot of cheese (this day I could not and I'm from Wisconsin) and I want to see average actors with poor costumes fighting the vampires in the universe (although "the universe looks much like any other forest on earth") check this, if you can find it. I personally do not recommend this when you can watch other vampire films (Jon Carpenter "Vampires") or other films in the universe. Or maybe even some good ones. But, hey, do your thing.
