I come to the cinema every week or so, and I regularly check this site, but I've never been forced to comment on a movie before. Standing, Spavn, The Bone Collector - I can now add a dick that was 'Holl Man'. From the terrible headlines - the ridiculously overly long passage of actors and crew along with the alphabetical order of the spaghetti - to the offensive finale - the world record of the number of clichés and some of the more absurd dialogues and acting that have ever come to the cinema - this film is sad, and only impressive computer graphics keep you from going out much before the End. This is not just my opinion - it was for my friends and everything around us. When a large portion of the audience laughs and sighs during and after a serious thriller, it's clear that the film is hopeless. Not only that, it was already sick. The director took the action outside the realistic tariff for violent film, and in the area through B-film soaked with blood. It's hard not to imagine the director as a kind of dirty old man, because the extent of the invisible male attack from the laboratory and the outside world spread only to two attempts to feel a breast. Perhaps sex might be the first thing to remember if it is made invisible, but apart from the aesthetic pleasures of the involved lady, it's hard to make it a fun cinema. [spoilers are tracking] <br /> <br /> Quickly go through movies from the outside, and things are worse. While Kevin Beckon does a good job playing more and more twisted as a "hollow man," the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a terrible script - makes even a better job to be hollow. A longtime member of the team was found strangled in a locker by an invisible man, "He finally broke up" shrugged a colleague without the hint of emotion. This is a pair for this course, and the lab team moves between pure terror and complete indifference at such a speed that you wonder how they got into the acting. They were moving through the corridors in the labyrinth of a horrified, armed rifle, but then a few seconds later one of the crews gazed happily down the hallway to get blood for a colleague who was injured. A leading woman treats an invisible man with perseverance and good humor even after insulting and abusing her, and there seems to be little reaction to his outburst, even after being drowned by the Pentagon chief, "He drowned in his pool last night" The same woman , spectacularly unsuccessful to put two and two together. The scenario is full of this kind of bad pedestrian dialogue, and there are only AZ movie clips that are lined up and faster as the movie progresses to the point of complete disbelief and fun in the end. The "Eureka" moment on the computer, the women's skit on the window, the security video with the loop - the list really is endless - predictable neglect of strength in numbers, the decision not to kill the two main stars, but just put them on a place of probable death and leave them on your own, an almost dead good guy who appears out of nothing to save a woman, a bomb and an omnipresent country Timer, a blast of a fireball that just burns up before the hero arrives, dropping an elevator which stops before hitting , and more than anything else, besm The bad guy's fault. An invisible man burnt down to a decomposed improvised flame thrower, an electric shock, struck around the head with a bar that just cut through one of the smaller actors, and then apparently survived the explosion, the fiery ball and the total destruction of the lab, more than enough time left to climb through a fireball for the last pop in the movie heroes - to what stage the unbelieving audience struggles and looks into their watches. To make this extremely bad movie really succeeded, the cinema is astounding. Even the name of the film is as hopeless as the film itself, and even impressive special effects do not come close to it, which should be avoided at all costs.
