I saw it a few nights back, not expecting too much and not surprising that it did not deliver anything too exciting. A plot made up of a vampire hunter's crew (V-San, for vampire sanitation), traveling in his spaceship occasionally killing space vampires and rescuing people, it's pretty sound and the movie was better worked, maybe there was something quite ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the feeling of real quality begins to move away from the film, leaving something behind, although it is visible, rather ridiculously bad. I do not expect anything special from these movies appearing on the Sci Fi channel, and at least this was not one of their creativity creatures with the malicious cgi beasts that broke up, but it's still pretty bad, mostly because of writing and acting, but with a high contribution the total trouble created by terrible music. When the film decided only for a typical science fiction that sounds a strange approach to the sound, everything was fine, but too often the bad soft rocks were entertained and stunned the scenes into nonsense. I would tolerate the general stupid acting and writing more that there was no choice of music, which was a serious misconception, turning things from cheesy to frustrated comedy. Of the actors, Dominic Zamprogna was fine, but she was as stupid as a nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was quite irritating, because the vamp girl's vamp bust and Aaron Pearl vamp player played another member who was not well written or interesting enough to leave an impression. Although she did not seem so good in acting candy, Natassia Malte went well through a less irritating character than the others, and the fact that it's really nice to watch. The only serious name in the acting team is Michael Ironside and he is underutilized even though he feels good, quite entertaining in a way that is suspected of being intentional. He seems to be having fun and earning his salary and his role is fun. On the whole, the effects are fine, at least the standards of average TV shows from science fiction, and there are several scenes of blood spraying and a bit of fun. Things are moving nicely, and I almost feel harshly evaluating this film badly, but then I remember that I spilled at laughter at regular intervals and realized that, unless the film is a deliberate comedy, which I think is not, then it's just not t success . Too poor, crazy, unconvincing, his good try, but I did not like it. Let him just dig up Sci Fi trash or unexpected smiles to say.
