Bloodthirsts have the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types that follow and fight with vampires in space is one that has potentials in the realm of things. It's even the idea that the universe is full of various vampire breeds, and all with different attributes, many of which are yet to be found, is also cool. And since most of the lives in the galaxy are outside the vampire world, I'm not sure how the creators thought they were doing, given the nature of the vampire. Who, hell, are destined to feed if almost all vampires do not know. Since the film came on a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenites and vampire films with the Aliens lineup. Action sections of the film are quite average and derived (especially Serenites) but passable - They are pretty well executed and have enough blood for a vampire swing, including some of the comical bloody species. There are many characteristic things, most of which are boring, stemming from conflicts between characters that mostly look like vhih, immature arseholes - primarily a cowboy type and an Asian woman. There are several characteristic scenes that actually work and actors do not play too badly, but mostly slow things down. A nice attempt to get the characters out, but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The acting is fine. Michael Ironside bite it and it's fun to watch as always, and at least a couple of women are hot. The space SFKS is not too bad for what is clearly a low-budget job. The story is again fairly average and performed, but as I said, the created world has little potential. The way things are set up Bloodsuckers really looks like a pilot for the TV series - a character dynamics has been introduced, the world introduced, but not explored, etc. The film has some highlights and moments of scratching the head - things that actually make these rude productions visible. - A scene in which our heroes are examining the creature of a type of doll in the chest. Hilarious. - "Sex scene". VTF. -Kredit "And Michael Ironside like Muco." The most unfortunate aspect of all this is really terrible and usually unsuitable for pop music that play very loudly over half of the film scene. It is painful to listen and only minimize what is at best average. In essence, it's good to see that you're ready for something sour, even if it's just for the "breast" scene.
