Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as a blind Lilly, the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. The famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), blinded after a car accident, escapes his own destiny. Lilly, since she is not born, is not a teacher for the blind person and wants to "see" him again. (Blind people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here the film becomes roadmovie; and for a longer time it becomes, their relationship develops closer, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The director is on her way to the mother (Jenni Grollmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and creates art installations - of course, what else should work elsewhere! - and still lives, because he is waiting for his son to die. My God! These are destinies! Finally came the son! Mom celebrates a big party! On the beach. The wind blows and the pianist plays on the right piano in the middle of the dunes. Yes, she's celebrating her forgiveness. The son is coming in time. The mother can eventually swallow pills administered by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist can die in the embrace of his great artistic son, saying sad contemplations about life in perfect German, while his son responds with rough emphasis. Since the son is not able to see, does not fall in love with a nurse, - the movie script would become too complicated! - but she wants Lilly on her way home. Parallel to this roadmap, sister-in-law Lilly, who lives at home, asks a dashing school friend to refuse, who first drinks to be brave. The reason is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is on her way along with her lover Lily, Paul (Harald Schrott). They're asking Lily to get her back. Paul and Lily's mother do not fall in love, because the film script would become too complicated. She missed the film script to do something special to Paul. I suggest architects or pianists, or of course known! When they finally find Lily, they want her to believe, to return to Paul, because she has two eyes to see and can take care of her. But Lily was in love with her student, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? This is German Film Art! As can be seen in this pretentious production, the German film fund for subsidies does not always produce good films, because it subsidizes exactly such types of pseudo-intellectual films. This film is truly embarrassing. I have the impression that the film scenario is made up of some high-quality cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Probably Til Schweiger contributed to a co-producer with some intellectual glow. This film script reminded me of another German film of absolute illness: "Barfuss" - but the spelling is not correct! DVD "Barfuss" writes proudly: "A Til Schweiger Film". The film also received subsidies Filmstiftung NRV, Filmforderung Hamburg and FFA. Please do not spoil the time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Watch out for film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmuller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
