I caught this Cuban movie at the arthouse movie club. It was shown shortly after a master's drawing film from 1935, where the island of Symphony with the island of jazz was reconciled. What happened to the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez through the speakers in this old cinema hall and the Cuban flag that hung from the rosaille's stucco stitching, the scene was set for exciting the celebration of the engagement film and the synchronized squealing on the idols of Helms-Burton. But then the film started. And the peeling cream gradually becomes more interesting than a messy mess on the screen. The story of Hope Mas promises much. Carla is a boring envelope in the Cuban post office. Her only way out of a totally boring existence is to steal the letters and to overwrite them, transforming the basic interpersonal grunte into Brethren's emotion of breathless breath. Cue numerous photogenic cubes that shake with joy, sadness, pity, terror and the like. The problem is that the simplicity of the narration is compromised by infinite excursions to the film school, the Latin caricature, the Marx brothers, and even - during a particularly bad montage trick - the celluloid scratching of school interference on the face. The one-dimensional characters abound. Cunda, the boss in the post, is humorless dominatrix-nosferatu. Her boss, Concha, points her fingers, eavesdrops, and fries. The Emperor, a metal doll and a romantic interest, reveals hidden talents of writing when Carla leaves for Miami. The scam scenes (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) are cast for a good measure. All of this would be fine in Mortadel and Philemon comics, but in the black and white Zero FKS flick with pretentious prejudices, ah. Nada Mas is trying to take the position between somewhere between kuirki-heroine-matchmakes-strangers' Amelie and 'poetry-as-big-redeemer' theme of Il Postino. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric white woman fighting the upcoming spinster by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. Like Il Postino, the film does not give up the permanent recital of poetry, and the postman on the bike takes a romantic pencil. Unfortunately, Nada Mas does not manage to capture the luminosity and transcendence of both films. There are two things that you might deserve to watch this movie in the late night TV pillar. The first is the opening above Carla on the floor with paved tiles, which cuts to the crucifix on which it is working. The other is to see Nada Mas as a warning example: our obsession with Buena Vista Social Club with Cuban art production can often burn us to accept any slug containing bongo on a soundtrack. This film should not earn a global release - movies such as Waiting List and Guantanamer cover a similar thematic territory far more successful.
