David Arquette is a young and naive home alarm editor <br /> <br /> The seller is under the control of Stanley Tucci. Arquette is a golden boy, who made a big sale at his first call - the widow of Kate Capshaw and her little son, Ryan Reynolds. Things go Well for Arkuette, he appears in security advertisements Company and he falls in love with Capshava. Then Tucci and his right wife, Mari McCormack, let him in a little secret - sometimes they broke into their client's homes to scare them and get their neighbors buying security systems from the firm. Arquette decides not to take part, leads Capshav to meet her family, and passes through life with a dumb smile on her face. Then somebody broke into Capshav's house and killed her and her son. Arquette suspects Tucci and sets up a series of traps, resulting in a gun in his head while Tucci pleads for her innocence. Based on the theater performance, the alarmist is not well open. The scenes where Arquette takes Capshav to meet her parents are poorly played and completely optional. They are also out of line with the character Capshav plays while drinking and says Sexually Explicit Stories to Arkuette's mother, Michael Learned. Other Of these scenes, Capshaw is not given much to do, but she works a lot with the small amount she receives. Stanley Tucci, just like Terry O'Kuinn, is a mess as the owner of a security firm. He's a creeper who really does not understand Arquette's moral disgust. However, when he turns into a sniveling vicher after Arquette kidnapped him, he is hilarious. Mary McCormack seems to have been decorated for a bigger role, but she mostly stands and agrees with Tucci. Ryan Reynolds is too old to play a stupid teenager, but he's ridiculous, especially if he tells his explicit sexual story to Arquette. The scenario is from a romantic comedy to a dark comedy. <br /> <br /> Soon. Capshav's meeting with her parents is totally impotent, except to give her a reason to leave the city so someone can break into her house. Capshav and Reinolds are in the film just to give Arquette the reason to take revenge on Tucci. Arquette, who proved to be a good actor, is terrible here. He relies on the constipated looting that led him to these AT & T advertisements, and he is not strong enough to build this bad movie around. In fact, Reinolds may have been a better choice in the role. Dunsky's direction is good, nothing that will soon win an Oscar. The bright jazz score of Christophe Beck reminiscent of a movie film that this film is trying to make, and that's really appealing. In spite of the plus, Arquette's failure as a lead and script of schizophrenic quality fades the film. I do not recommend it. This is rated (R) for physical violence, gun violence, some worse, strong cracking, short female nudity, sexual content, strong sexuality sexuality. </ br> References and situations for adults.
