The City of the Spirit begins when Catherine Hickland drives along an isolated desert road, her car suddenly bursts and the horses digging ... Sherlock Frank Luz of Riverton Counti is invited to investigate Kate's disappearance after her Father reported the disappearance . He finds his broken car and drives in search of her, unfortunately his car breaks and has to walk. Langlei ends in a deserted city of ghosts, much to his shock. Langlei soon reveals that it is literally a city of ghosts inhabited by the spirits of his former inhabitants, led by evil devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs). Kate kidnapped for reasons she never explained and Langley was saving her and breaking the curse of cities ... One and only directing effort of Richard Governor in this strange movie did not really do much for me and me did not like that much. Scenario Duke Sandefur tries to mix horror and Western genres that do not make any effect. Have you ever wondered why there is no more horror in the horror? Well, I did not, but if I asked such a question to myself, I would find all the answers in the City of Spirits, because that's not very good. The two genres simply do not mix so well. There are many cliches, on the west side are innocent citizens who are afraid to oppose the gangs of bandits who terrorize them, shootings in the main street, bars of swingers and prostitutes of gore and horror have a lot of cucumbers, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking of corpses and a few violent killings. I was very depressed from her, I suppose there is nothing terribly wrong in it except that it's just boring and the two genres are not sitting together so well. There are a few holes in the land, why Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know that she resembled his previous girlfriend, but how did he know it and what would he do with her? We never know why this ghost city is full of ghosts, I mean what holds them there and what led them to come back as ghosts? Then there is a piece at the end where Devlin, after being hit, said that he can not be killed only because Langlei killed him a few seconds later, I mean why bullets did not work in the first place? The director of the governor is fine, there is a nice horror movie atmosphere with some well-lit wail sets and the standard Hollywood western city is presented here with a central street with wooden buildings that cover both sides. I would not say this is scary, because there is no tension, and the movie is dragged into place, although it's only a matter of over 80 minutes. Forget about any blood, there are several cursed bullet wounds, after firing in two cases, and some have been crushed by a throat and someone is charged with a metal pole and that's it. I would imagine the budget here was pretty small, pretty well made and competent if nothing else. Loans where bonuses and bundles are pretty good. The act is fine, but nobody will win any prize. The City of Ghosts is a strange movie, I'm not really sure who it likes and I certainly did not like it. Anyone looking for the West will be upset with stupid elements of horror, while everyone who wants a horror movie will be bored by Western elements. It's something a little different, but that does not mean it was good, it's worth watching if it's desperate, but do not try to see it.
