I had a recent experience with The Perfect Vitness (2007) because NetFlik recommended that I watch this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told him how much I like Michael Haneke, Benny's video. I do not know about you, but this parallelism I drew was aroused in me by the vigorous emotions and excitement of the film by Thomas C. Dunna and she did not let my time go. Only this recommendation from the computer intelligence of NetFlik, ​​for me, had an aesthetic / moral film bar set to such a high level that, after thinking, it was something quite unfinished in every film produced in 2007. Before I responded to the film that way, I will continue to ruin this picture as badly performed and banal; and I really hate to do it, because I think that our boy, Ves Bentley, is by chance not only one of the most interesting young people in contemporary cinema, but one of his most overlooked and understated talents in the United States. I'm more than worried that the poor guy will miss the famous boat if he continues to crawl with film directors like this one. The perfect witness is about Mickey (Ves Bentley), about thirty, still living with Mom ("Do not drink again area for you?"), but he is a "director" or at least some kind of voir on level street with a retirement pension for future Johns in the narrow passages of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. There, doing his private exercises like an investigator, Mickey "inadvertently" captures video tapes with brutal killing on an unhappy early twentieth-year lifespan with his handheld camcorder. Bearing in mind the idea that sneaking and movies as a cultural currency are his equalization with his card from a white urban ghetto (and not on the debts of his unconscious friends and relatives who have invested money for his terrible films), Mickey approaches the Attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkovski: also takes a credit card) or "Mac knife", regardless of it - and blackmails the killer to make a documentary about his impulses for murder, keeping this footage over the attacker's threats to the police. The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas because they do it. While writing and writing are amateur, this alone does not make the film a bad one. It's about these guys starting a pretty bad assumption that what they show shockingly in the context of a culture in which almost every person in the free world with access to a private computer can log onto the web and catch the truth of a head action on their little Mac or PC . No film relies more on a mere value (unless, of course, it's ironic, it's a film about torture on animals) and that's why movie images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital with every passing year. Also, we have this stunning actor-talent who runs all the stylized, real hip-guy: his beard with two inches and a skull with a small scroll on it, backwards, just like a dork from a high school who was curious about the potential services of my primary love interest? The same guy who is just called "poet". Spare me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a director." Okay. Please continue with that, Cronnie. Looks like he bought you lots of 35mm stock. And continue, you can carry all the movements of the "creative" but do not expect the top to answer, to follow your character below-average through your two-hour movie while you're ruining Ves Bentley's career. Why do not we let history tell about the merit of what you are doing, the filmmaker. My assumption is that history will eventually say something about it, as it is, it's probably not good that you think it is. And yes, the odds are that you will blame your dear Ole, end up like our man Mickey here in the perfect witness; hooked on a smack and covered with the blood of your friend with a video camera in his hand. Great.
