Another day stuck in a closed, second movie to watch. After I finally finished my Christmas shopping yesterday in the cold and misty afternoon, I had no where to go to run away "The Earth That Lost It Time". Or rather, I had nothing else to look at. Doug McClure, this bastion of actors who lead the lead, leads a handful of Allied sailors submerged in U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together they explore the land and discover the dinosaurs and neanderthals! Can I escape before they become permanent residents of the land that Time has forgotten? Despite being made several years before the "Star Wars", these films are in addition to light years in the sense of special effects. The recordings of the model are a bit better than anything you would expect to see in the episode of Gerria Anderson "Stingrai" and the creatures are not much better. When T-Rek (I suppose it was) he was killed, he fell in the same way that zombies work when you kill them - frozen in the middle of a walk and collapse, arms and legs stretched like a sleeping cow, it was pushed. Of course, the sets are not so bad, but the bad acting and the endless noise of the explosion (all of which sound the same) make everything that can destroy credibility and your enjoyment in the picture as a whole. Characters are not even convincing or worthy of your sympathy as they shoot from their weapons in seemingly everything that moves. In the end, I simply did not care if they left the island or not, and when the end came, I was easier than having been having fun. The costumes are authentic enough until the cave people arrive and they are bikini in the middle of the skin and the cloths from the back. And although it was pretty obvious from their actions, you would not know that some of the characters were Germanic from their accents. The whole thing simply lacked polishing and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in some places and meaningless in others. All in all, this movie barely registers a wave of excitement these days, although you can find some fun in trying to find out where Colin Farrell is. I noticed his name in the loan, and half expected the baby to appear with an Irish accent and a suspicious face. Oh well. Nothing special can be seen here, but just fine if you eat lunch and time prevents further activities.
