I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror films and Spof. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a small budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. Opens with a good song and a great, highly undervalued band, The Horrorpops, reforming their song Vode Vhere Vander, and immediately killing in various creepy ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is the fact that this was the end of the film. Live show, Death. Another live show, Death. It's getting old. And there is a rough (literally) excessive use of the hose in the death scenes. Why does not the killer use other parts of the body, such as the legs, the eyeballs or the brain? Do not misunderstand me, this movie has some parts that are great. As a hardcore French band, known as BERET, the perspective of the Atticus band, a scene featuring members of the The Used and Simple Plan band, as none of the bands had enough members to perform, and Bovling For Soup was over-proud of -to-guitarist getting shot in a really hilarious way, to save for future viewers of this film. But the big problem I have with this movie is at first comic, but after a while, a terrible lack of acting talent in many "actors". Especially Varped Tour creator, Kevin Liman. He is struggling hard, but I guess he did not want to shoot a movie, but he is contractually obliged or something like that. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. Resolving the film's film is very foggy and very coincidental. something about the magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. All in all, this movie has many good features, but not enough to be close to the decent movie Horror, Music or Comedi. Although I must admit it by turning me on several bands I would never listen to, otherwise. Like Tsunami Bomb and Phenomonauts (mad, Psichobilli band). I recommend that you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then watch. If not, just go to special functions and watch all music videos and live performances. They are swinging! Live Punk Rock and Horror!
