Contrary to my principles, let me first make a conclusion, because I have just seen this work of "art" and I am still under strong impressions. The reader is asked to apologize for my stronger vocabulary. Well, this film is absolutely horrible, and I would never try to write a single word about it, that there was no fact that "44 Minutes" "I'm sick of death, which is rarely it happens to me. " The fact that I paid for it does not mean that I feel better, and the fact that the movie here deserved a high user rating. So, what's wrong with the movie? It has a modern address - "44 Minutes". First, it is thought of "15 minutes", which is a much better movie, but it is still bad in my book, and indeed the two of them can be somewhat comparable. But, in order to have happiness, the things they share are their worst characteristics. Both have a g. Oleg Taktarov, who with his strong Russian accent obviously meets expectations and prejudices. His goal is to call for the Cold War's mind. Ah, do we miss good old times. Now, I do not imply that he is a bad actor, I still judge his true performance, but he is simply not the real individual here, he is more like an archetype. How anyone can still be left to such things is completely beyond my comprehension. Here we can recognize modern American xenophobia. The point in the film when Taktarov explains to his companion that the Romanians are not Germans, and that they are really funny in America. Do we suppose that the greatest desire of the poor two to become "real" Americans? Then, there is a media question. Yes, it seems that most of what we learn comes from cameras, interviews and reporters. The director should have made us feel the rhythm of the assumed 44 minutes. Instead, he bores us interviews during a movie like a cheap TV show, trying to invent a wheel. In 15 minutes, the issue of the media is a central issue. The point is presented in a way that the teacher addresses the dumb student, but this deserves a special comment, now we focus on 44 minutes. So, I'm trying to identify the purpose of this movie. What is that? To provide a good time for the audience? To glorify weapons? To glorify the police? Show violence? Oh yes, the officer gives the Bible to a minor delinquent. So, does she still have to promote peace and understanding? I do not think so, but do not ask me. I just know I did not enjoy this. Ah, Michael Madsen. I admit, I'm a big fan. I was hoping that there would be a bright spot, but I was wrong. It's not his fault. As the last remark, the comparison of "firepower" and "will" at the end of the movie was one of the worst lines I've ever heard. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give her a clean, unfocused 1.
