A painful, long-lasting daring and predictable drama, my twenty-fifth Sidney Lumet film, Garbo Talks, is extravagantly returning to the end of the low quality of my quest. The film documents a young working man named Gilbert (Ron Silver), son of Estelle Rolle (Anne Bancroft), an eccentric, lively and above all obsessive fan Grete Garbo. When Estelle suffers from brain tumors, her son decides to go on her obsessive search: find Greta Garbo and bring her to her mother. Anne Bancroft is in full condition, the chewing landscape of Auntie-Mame fashion here, such a scandal that loves the movie, where it gets up to people, and takes its ideals, and is constantly ending up in jail. It stands outside the film as an obvious artificial construct, and every scene with it is the iuk-iuk lame; every note is wrong. The other characters are equally one-dimensional, but they are less interesting. Ron Silver is flat, like his triangle triumph as well as everything else in the movie: He is having fun with rich Lisa Rolfe (Carrie Fisher), but he becomes charmed by the wonderful collaborator Jane Mortimer (Catherine Hicks), and I called each scene three scenes before than they did. It's the second problem. One-dimensional characters can survive if they are set in an intriguing and amazing story, but there simply is nothing here. The speed of the film is glacial, glittering with foreign material that absolutely does not intensify anything, and when the film begins to follow the linear plot, it is at the same time both tiring and uninteresting. There are many visiting stars, so to speak, including Harvey Fierstein as a gay New Yorker (imagine it) in yet another very irrelevant scene. Later in the film, he tries to make half a decent statement about the nature of idolatry and its role in our lives, but by then, none of the characters exist as real people, and the film has bored me into submission, so it works as a case of too small, too late. The film is my twenty-fifth Lumet-directed film, making it easy for my most-watched director, but beyond a few unexpected missions (Stranger Me Among Us, Anyone?), He did not fall into the painfully uninteresting depths of Garbo Talks. {City: 4.5 / 10 (C / C-) / # 21 (of 24) of 1984 / # 23 of 25 Lumet films}
