I did not even know that this film only existed after I saw Blade: Trinity, I was trolling on the Trinity board when I saw some user mentioning that the Ves Craven series is much better than the 'Blade' shit, so I've performed the results on the IMDb & Rotten Tomatoes for Dracula: Ascension, and somewhere in the search I discovered that this is a continuation of Dracula 2000. I also noticed that within the Craven Dracula board, it was really great for this film, which is a big contradiction with the results I have seen. Now, let's take a brief personal recapitulation. I remember seeing Dracula 2000, and I remember that I did not like it at all, and then I saw the results of Dracula: The ascension has only further reduced my expectations, but again, I am the type of person who really needs to watch the film myself (either which movie) so that I can form my own opinion. Several things that I learned when I started to watch this movie is that it is a small budget, so for this reason I'm going to have to ignore a lot of v / fk and just figure that it will be compensated with the story and the acting, I was also a little impressed by some of the castings in this movie (Jason London, Roi Schieder and Jason Scott Lee) Oh geez ?? This film is CHEESI! But at least the poor can be fun, I found it pretty funny, a bad audio synchronized with re-recording of the dialogue in several scenes, the stupidity of the characters in this movie. They are sure that everyone knew about the vampires and some basic things; Luke even had a book on it, but did they prevent them from deliberately infecting themselves? No, this is the worst, and then the whore whines out where the girl has to get out of the shower and check the noise she's hearing with nothing more than a towel. Also, I had to blink at some point because I'm not sure how 'Dracula' had clothes on your body, especially because it's wild and angry, and I think I'm in that situation , I would not want to be the one who dresses him. So the movie ends up like any movie from the trilogy? it does not work, it's already the "Klifov hangar" where I am now waiting for the third leg of "Legacy". Oh, the fun of Cheesi movies.
