the film opens with a beautiful lady in a disheveled white dress that goes through a stereotyped Eastern European city. we know that he is following something, because he constantly looks behind him. and soon we see that a mysterious man is being haunted in a black robe. then we realize that a man is actually a vampire hunter and he is looking for it. but it looks like its reflection in the showroom? There is no identical twin vampire! but unfortunately they both get it. After this brilliant and incredibly fun return to the old hammering films of the '60s and' 70s (in the bonuses the twins are listed as twins of evil, which is, of course, the name of the last rate in the Karnstein trilogy of the hammer), the shop dies in to a great extent. What a small plot includes a dracula (which easily changes its appearance every time it is born again, so the producer does not do that). I need to get the same Dracula again) that comes to the morgue, students of honey who realize that it is deadly and thinking ... what kind of opportunity, maybe I will ignore all those movies that say you are turning vampire blood into a vampire and use the blood of the vampire to find cure for the disease of our asshole. Obviously this is a mistake and all become vampires. New concept, but it is pulled out of fear. The film continues to set up wonderful situations and refuses to do anything with them. For example, students of honey are trying to bring life back to life, putting it in a bathtub filled with blood in a secluded country palace. The house itself is terrible enough to be the center of the film, but are we staying there? not because they decide to take a vampire to an abandoned pool. sigh. This film has a real problem with "homage" as I mentioned before the starting scene turned out to be a hammer, and this house would be perfect for a movie like hammer, but the film quickly changes the speed and changes in medical horror. Another problem is that they bring in so many characters that it's almost impossible to regret any of them. There are honey students and their "friend" for a wheelchair professor, and students of honey are all: arrogant, boring, hungry, and stupid. How they managed to get to a medical school they were amazed at all, unless a medical school had to satisfy my quota for big breasts. and there's a vampire hunter who remains mysterious through the movie. Hey, I can respect that, but it would be nice if they did not set it as if it were a movie about him. then you have random priests, policemen, and scientific types. so many people are introduced and quickly forgotten until they need to save a day or jump out of a cheap fear to become quickly boring. Basically, this is a lazy movie. there are no real fears, only a few predictable leaps. The setting for them is so elaborated that it's ridiculous. for example, a bathtub full of blood. so it's obvious that the drake will get out of the blurred blood. and yet we have to wait too long for an unavoidable jump. After that, he kills one of the stupid and large honeymoon students. We all know that they will become one of the undead. but what else do they do? Buried in a shallow tomb near the house. sigh, so you know who will pop you on when the policemen show up at home .............. Oh well. Maybe somebody will get a hint that it's impossible to make a scary vampire movie and simply go into the atmosphere, and then we'll end up with a whole movie that's as good as on the scene. <br /> <br />
