This overestimated, short-run series (the low-end two seasons) is equally experimental and unique as a truck driver who goes to a strip bar. I'm not quite sure what they mean by "revolutionary" and "original" when they are lining around Linch and his stupid little TV opus. What exactly are their criteria of what is original? Of course, compared to Bill Cosby Shov or Hill Street Blues, it's original. Definitely. In addition to the "law and order", TP throws out the originality left and right. TP fans often say that the show is canceled because too many spectators are not smart enough, open enough for the alleged "oddity" of the show, its alleged wild imagination, or anything else. As a fan of madness, I have to There is nothing too much about TP, it's just visible, a rather stupid girl moving in a circle, turning the net in every corner, but (or because of it) eventually goes anywhere. The assumed strangeness is always forced; The characters do not behave strangely how they behave in an idiotic way half the time ika ... Whenever I watch the "weird dream" sequence in "Living In Oblivion" in which the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) for succumbing to a tired old hoop -Midget-in-a-dream-cliche, I'm thinking about Linch, you want to be weird? "Eraserhead" is strange - in fact, he's out of the strange, basically abstract. Want a unique TV show? Watch "The Prisoner." Do you want a strange look? Felini and Leone offer it. TP looks like a roguish TV crime drama in which all young people look like fashion models. Cast gives TP a plastic look. Kens & Barbies en masse. In fact, one TP maker said that Linch is looking for "unique faces" for the series. Unique faces? Like Lara Flinn Boile? Sherill Fenn's? Like those "feminine" faces with "torment" straight from male catalogs (or gay magazines)? Do not get me wrong; There is nothing wrong with getting an attractive acting team, especially with beauties such as Fenn (how Madonna looks if she's 1000 times more beautiful), but then do not go around saying that you're making a "strange show with strange people". And I never understood Linch's wrong fascination with Kiel MacLachlan (I should get a medal for bothering his name to be accurately written). He is not unpleasant, but he lacks charisma, it seems a bit superfluous and polished. The funny "eccentricity" of his character was not interesting at all, only one of Linch's numerous attempts to make strange things, trying to achieve his reputation - he completely lost his advantage, but that time. All that Linch did - "Elephant Man" was very subtle compared to his first two films. What followed was often the central effort that relied on Linch's relatively small but fanatical fan base that kept him in the public eye by interpreting the meaning in his poorly attached stories that did not hold the water for more careful analysis. In other words, Linch is a favorite of every intellectual. So, Laura Palmer killed her dad ...? He was obsessed with the devil or some such nonsense. It's best that this "great mind" could come up with ... You have horror movies B that end with more originality. Linch is neither bright nor busy enough to come up with a great story. Go to http: //rateiourmusic.com/~Fedor8, and watch my list "TV & Cinema: 150 Vorst Cases of Nepotism".
