Veteran director and producer Allan Dwan, whose large series of films includes both completely forgotten and reconstructed (for example, John Vaine in "Sands of Ivo Jim"), tried to deal with the great musical with "I Dream of Jeanie". Using the lead role of the singer with some of the past film experiences and, as it turned out, virtually no future, he turned a fictitious and no less delicate story about the great American writer Stephen Foster. Bill Shirlei is a young, loving Foster whose kindness to slaves involves giving money saved for the engagement ring to pay for hospital expenses for a wounded little blacksmith. His intention was Inez McDovell (Muriel Lavrence) whose boring younger sister, Jeanie (Eileen Christi), slowly realizes that she is in love with the almost meaningless blacksmith of the song. Foster is in love with Inez who was rebelled by composer number 1 on Hit Parade Tune, "About Susannah." Enter Minstrel Edvina P. Christie (Rai Middleton) to help start the profit phase of Foster's career. It was, according to the music film standards of the early fifties, great production. The sets are luxurious in that particular Hollywood way that showed cheating with all the additions. Singers are not half bad, and Foster songs are almost impossible to destroy. But this is also a literally white antebellum color in the south. The largest number has a black face for everyone on stage, a historical anomaly and a contemporary piece of meaningless racism. If these portraits of black people were close to reality, the abolitionists would have been properly condemned for disturbing such a benevolent institution. "I dream of Jeanie" apparently sank into a study with a barely dead whisper. Now animated by Alpha Video for only $ 4.99, it's a periodic piece with charming songs and repulsive sentimentalism about the victims of the great American crime, slavery. Committee for Education. It must have warmed up the hearts of some spectators who wore bedding in the theater.
