This film can be labeled as a case study. It is not only the fact that it signifies an unhealthy and non-volatile lust for anything that could be termed as a caco-painting. The author lives with the impression that his pious rebellion against some generic and childishly called social hardships ("Moldova is the weakest region in Europe", "I do not believe in a joke in a bird flu", "Romanian people steal because they are poor, Europeans steal because are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is utterly rude! What Daneliuc does not know is not enough to present himself as a just person - you also need a lack of professionalism , talent, and intelligence to turn that attitude into "The Legion of Aliens" shows fatefully how much brutality is a family video, while Uncle Gogh's pianist moans in front of guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, spreading randomly with various semi-subjects, in an illiterate attempt to present a kind of story. The direction is a pathetic dilettante - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least the central mass-en-scene, its recordings are unpleasantly unpleasant, and every sense of narration shines with complete absence. (Of course, every comment is forced to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to refer to terms such as "cinematic language", "means of expression" or "style"). The acting is a positive "Cantarea Romaniei" ("Romanian Chant") level, with the exception ... paradoxically, Necula Raducanu, a very natural player, and Nicodim Ungureanu. It seems that Oana Piecnita has a true freshness, but is compromised by the amateur directions given by Daneliuc. The most serious side of this attack on decent cinema is the fact that the production got a lot of funding from the state budget, through the CNC (National Council for Cinematography). The fact that long-dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for the government's vigor is understandable (in a market-oriented economy they would be immediately eliminated by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that spends the country's money on such a ridiculous scam of non-art, non-film and non-culture belongs to the criminal field.
