Instead of moving linearly from the beginning to the end, this story of a gaius couple hit the orbits of AIDS at the time around their "perfect day". The film is organized as a life that is remembered in asynchronous fragments, not in a sequential stream, as someone has directly experienced. Narration has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of the expected or experienced loss. Unfortunately, the dialogue lacks such grace. The script often forces actors to say a stunning stupid or insensitive thing that at the moment looks completely out of character. At their second accidental encounter, apparently afflicted with each other, sensitive Philip encourages the unwilling Guia to tell him about his tough week. But at the moment Gui begins to open, Phillip, an English major, says, "You are not a crossword villain, do you?" Later, when looking at the bare, carved body of his lover, crossing the bedroom to him, our young Shakespeare in love begins to express the beauty of the moment with the words: "The way you go through the space ... I can not describe that." - but they miss verbal skills to complete their thoughts. This kind of movement continues through the scenes of Hospice in AIDS, adorned with lines such as: "Why did I think that death would be tidy and tied together?" and "You look like Florence Nightingale as Sister Ratchet." The film often suffers from a modular lack of subtlety. Unacceptable characters are far more disturbed and sloppy than they need to. Phillip's completely boring friends - an arrogant brother of trust and squeal, a needy child - keep running a caustic defiance of anyone who goes his way. Such a cup could offer the writer many opportunities for a smart social commentary, but unfortunately their objections are only unfavorable, insensitive to spirit or insight. It's hard to know if our screenwriter deliberately made intellectually limited characters or simply performed his perimeter. The action can be what attracts most and rejoices with those who praise this movie. He seriously explores the American life of the middle class in the 1980s: first encounters, courting, connecting, nesting, openness relationships, friction and cracking, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. The leaders of Phelan and Spirtas give fairly good performance by giving complex signs over time. Their appealing look helps to explain the chemistry that these two have held together through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as chemistry that has helped some viewers to ignore the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the arc in the plot and display them in unusual flashbacks added complexity without obvious dramatic utility, and in some cases left the order and the implications of the given event are unclear. Can I recommend a movie? For fans of literary and technical quality, absolutely no! For viewers who easily go through a serious need for catharsis survivors of AIDS or in a mood for tearfully guilty pleasures, and maybe a little candy is inserted. But better written alternatives that explore the impact of AIDS on the relationships of that era include: Philadelphia, and the band played on Longtime Companion, Angels in America, Early Frost, Parting glances, Love! Valor! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
