The Bamboo Puppet House (1973, 1974 or 1977, different years for this title) is Hong Kong's veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boker Omen, Blood Payments, etc.) Women in prison produced by the legendary Shav Brothers. Yes, they even received such poor exploitation diseases, and Bamboo is definitely among the worse attempts of the entire genre, even in comparison with the Western attempts that usually fade in comparison with the Eastern films! The story is about a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women were brutalized, abused and raped by bad Japanese (what else?) during the Second World War. The girls also know the secret place where the golden box is hidden and also find out that a Chinese military officer is erected in Japan (Shav Veteran Lo Lieh) is actually a secret agent amongst other Japanese people and naturally helps girls escape hell. What follows are the sequences of full naked nudity, female kung-fu, some unpleasant tortures, upsets, sleek and extremely offensive anti-Japanese items that make this film pure and sincere garbage that does not even try to be more than it is. > In the Bamboo house of puppets there are almost no interesting elements. Occasional photography, in the end, looks nice with its sun rays and beautiful nature, but that's all in the department of merit. The battle scenes are abundant and always include semi-females hitting and kicking. Overall violence is quite nasty, with several bullet wounds, misogynistic scenes of torture (for example, one poor girl is brutalized on a floor filled with broken glass, etc.) and a highly repulsive ending and moral background. Of course it's stupid to talk about "morality" when you write about this type of film, but there are elements that I will not accept to get out of any movie. The film also has some fun content. Turkish elements safe! For example, a golden box filled with heavy gold seems to be suspiciously bright as poor and endured girls do not have any problems to lift and move, not to talk about throwing! Such numerous "skin fighting scenes" make this smile incentive for lovers of trash cinema. I saw the same director Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more valuable than a piece and although there are many living snakes that are killed for reality, it is also more visually more interesting and shows us some unfavorable sides of the big city and society on the other side. Also, this is necessary for those who are afraid of the snake. Bamboo's puppet house has also suffered some censorship, which is not a surprise when considering themes. An uncut version, published in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, launches 104 PAL minutes, while cutting in English is published in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece. From what I have heard, scenes of cutting are not just violence or other graphic things, but also dialogue and "development planning" and the like. Bamboo's doll house is a garbage box in its worst form. and definitely something I would not like to see from Shav Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploit films of the same theme are much more interesting and more valuable than this fairly funny, calculated and worthless cinema-exploitation. 2/10
