I've seen this movie some time ago on the Video CD. First I will mention the good stuff. Film, at first, at least tries to look as if it is not biased, as if it does not display one character as black and the other as white. Both main characters are friends and coexist very well in the country and the economy that does not bloom while at the same time does not collapse. Their families are gathering and organizing parties, dealing with their favorite sports, shooting sports guns, as comrades not as competitors. However, after 15 minutes the plot enters the bend on the road. The audience is expected to believe that, for an unknown reason, these friends must hate each other. For some unknown reason, Bosnia is now on the path to conflict. Of course, the script adds to the TV shows that characters seem to watch live news in English, but the clips are from 1993 and not 1992 when the war began. History, elections in 1990, the people who caused the war are not mentioned. The film is trying to blame Karadzic, who was the presidential candidate and leader of the second largest party (SDP) in the Bosnian parliament. According to the Constitution of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the SDP had a presidency in 1992, but a coup in January took place. The party of the Bosnian Islamic Democratic Action took full control and held a segregated referendum in March in which it declared the law in Bosnia and announced the secession. The history of IDAP begins with Bosnian Muslims Alija Izetbegovic. man suspiciously absent from "STtH". He was a student of Nazism in the Second World War. He even wrote his "Mein Kampf" in which he stated: "In fact, there can not be any peace or coexistence between the" Islamic religion "and non-Islamic social and political institutions." In 1990, he lost IDAP's elections to the "pro-Yugoslav moderate" Fikret Abdic, a Bosnian Muslim who worked for Christian Serbs during the civil war and treated his followers as brothers. Abdic was prevented from assuming power by Izetbegovic, who lost the elections, but took office. Events from above are missing in the film, but these are factual events that led to the war. There were problems with props. Serbian soldiers in the movie were wearing Soviet World War II helmets that they did not use. One soldier also held a M-1944 VV2 gun used by the USSR, not Yugoslavia. The director and script writers had a chance, but they decided to rewrite history.
