I firmly believe that the best Oscars ceremony in the last few years was in 2003 for two reasons: 1) Host Steve Martin was in his sweetest voice: "I saw timers helping Michael Moore in his trunk limo "and" I better not mention the gay mafia in case I wake up with the head of the poodle in my bed "2) The surprise winners: Nobody had Aden Brody for the best actor (Real Applause) or Roman Polanski for Best Direction (Real jeers and boos) but have won Last year's awards ceremony but it was not bad, but there was a bit of surprise and I was happy to see RETURN OF THE KING to swap the award even if it was not the best in the trilogy (FELLOWSHIP was much better), but what allowed the BBC to cover all that was Jonathan Ross who captured a few of his own cries and pretended to be hilarious when they were anything but. When I heard that Ski was working for British television, I expected Barry Norman and Mark Kermode to make links, but instead we ended up with Jamie Theakston and Sharon Osbourne! Oh, whether British TV is desperate for film critics (it's obvious they are). I'm sure Bob Moo and Theo Robertson will be happy to fly to LA to give a sincere opinion of the winners and losers Chris Rock was not bad, but not Steve Martin while the site looked like a sports hall with headquarters ! In my opinion, it's not a great arena. The main problem that I had with the ceremony was the format with the "small" Oscars divided into the winners who were sitting in their places! There is no "smaller" Oscars, and just because it is the award for the best animated short or best costume design, they are deserved as the best film or the best director. All winners should be allowed to go to the podium. What a bunch of arrogant snobs that become Academy and I completely agree with the comments that this format is shameful and that there was no surprise, this may have been the worst ceremony in history. As for the prizes themselves Best Supporting Actress - Cate Blanchett. No surprises for the competition category Best actor - Morgan Freeman. There are no real complaints because Freeman is one of the greatest American actors of the actors. Best actor - Jamie Fock. The most predictable prize of the night. Iavn Best actress - Hilari Swank. The main surprise was that everyone thought that Annette Benning would only win the academy's politics, but Svanke deserved it and gave the best night speech. Best Director - Clint Eastwood. It was a great surprise because everyone thought that Scorsese would receive an award simply because he never won the prize. I'm really glad that it did not earn for TAKSI DRIVER, RAGING BULL or GOODFELLAS did not earn for the AVIATOR. Best movie - MILION DOLAR BABI. Again, another big surprise is because everyone thought the academy would share the awards for the best director and the best picture, while I thought that the Hollywood-friendly compliment of the AVIATOR could have been a dead end for the best picture, while the controversial MDB theme would have had many What The awards may illustrate that this year voters have decided to ignore Oscar's policy and honestly give rewards to people who have earned something they did not do in the past, I mean A BEAUTIFUL UM BELL FELLOWSHIP OF RING for gavd's sake! And for a long time, the academy could vote with its heads instead of its hearts
