The only serious thing this year was the winner. Although the ceremony itself was quite short, it was still a bit boring. I think it's a serious time to look for a new director and producers for the show, who can think of something really new. It's pretty obvious that they tried to make hip-hop performances this year and attract the younger audience by letting Beionce perform and letting P. Diddy and Prince represent the category. Also, allowing Chris Rock to be the leader was an attempt to make the new ceremony more appealing. None of this was successful. Of course, Chris Rock is a funny guy, but he was not a good leader. I really just saw him as the guy who was just here and there talking to different categories. His presence was not as big as Billy Cristal's. Also the awarding ceremony was sometimes quite stupid. Not allowing everyone to come to the stage, but also to award some of the prizes in the middle of the theater, it was weird. However, I do not recall being more satisfied with the winners. None of the films really took away the prizes because it has always been the case in the past few years. Does that mean that it was a good year for films with many competitors? I do not think so. I think most films will be forgotten for 20 years, with the exception of "Million Dollar Babi" and "Christ's Sorrow". Of course, I disagree with each individual prize awarded this year, for example, Caleb Deschanel should win the best cinema, not that I do not like the work of Robert Richardson, he really did an incredible job for most Oliver Stone. work, but I really feel that Deschanel deserved the award even more. I would also like to see Jim Miller and Paul Rubella for the best editing, and John Debnei for the best music. But oh, there is no way that the Academy Awards give everyone satisfaction, I understand that. There will always be people who complain about the winners. It was also ridiculous to see that most of the participants of the award are much nervous than the nominees and the winners. Did the prince say that one of the named names was suddenly? Has Sean Penn had a sense of humor? Al Pacino and Jeremy "I hope they missed it." The Irons were the best representatives of the night. All in all, it's very easy to forget, but with nice winners. 4/10
