I usually do not give hyperbola, but after seeing more than two decades worth of awards for the Academy, I can honestly say that this year's award was the most shameful example of a bad direction, total cruelty and pure nonsense I ever had an accident to testify. I'm not talking about the rewards themselves - as usual, there's a lot to discuss about when you've agreed on who won, who lost it, and who was never nominated, but the process is as it always was and how honest it is to be susceptible. What is terribly dishonorable is the treatment of both "star" and "non-star" received by Kate and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom". It's bad enough that in the past few years anyone who is not Al Pacino is "played" for 45 seconds no matter what he said, as he said, and what the emotions were behind that statement . She, however, does not show anything more than a complete lack of respect for candidates standing on the stage as cattle, without being honored to show their face while their names are being read, to silence them when they are lost to deny them the excitement of walking to the podium, and making them read their statements with their back in front of the audience. All these things have been done to "non-stars" - it does not matter what films would not exist without these artists and that most of them only once have the opportunity to face their peers and their audience. The stars are not much better past. It gets more sad than funny when the caliber winners Hilari Swank and Clint Eastwood have to pray for a few seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy hoped, nor was it as funny as it could have been. His opening remarks were almost (but not completely offensive) as Sean Penn did, and his comments during the performance were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he could hardly be blamed when it was clear that he was holding on a short leash like any host. In the end, Chris Rock was something that had never been before: a non-entity. Even the music numbers are poorly processed. Beionce was a good singer, but there was simply no reason to appear in three of the five songs. Another example of complete disrespect for the artist was that Jorge Drekler was given the song Antoniou Banderas - although Drekler was present and apparently would not want to sing his own song, based on his winning "speech." Efforts by Cates and Horvits to produce the show shorter and faster may have worked to a certain extent, but what resulted was a shoveless life. We all screamed about the lengthy speeches that were given to us by people we do not know, about over-production, self-esteem. But this is His night - not ours. What was supposed to be a celebration was an insult to the people who celebrated. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
