John Hughes has written many great comedies in the '80s. "European holiday" is not one of them. The sequel to Hughes' first big hit "Vacation" (1983) is so predictable, awkward and boring as they are - no matter how much you love the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Grisvold (Chase and D'Angelo) /> I enjoyed a great vacation, as in the third film, "Christmas holidays" from 1989, but Grisvold's trip to Europe is mild and forced. Perhaps because it was Hughes' first attempt not to understand him, but it is confusing how inspired and devoid of the "European Vacation" stories. There is no story: Grisvolds wins a game show as "greedy little pigs" and goes on a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor that is the trademark of the former loses its effect because you see it coming, what is the fault of the director Amy Heckerling. The "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" director makes everything too predictable. Perhaps Hughes recorded a cheap video because he was subjected to a sequel. "European Vacation" is proud of the insult of the Americans (remember the greedy games with the little pig win), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold family. He also walks on his back implicitly saying, "Oh, Griswolds, we always get into something because our dad is an idiot." Then in an almost comic fashion it ends with honoring America and how griswolds are grateful to return to such a better country. If Hughes went on a satire and intend to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should reward this 8/10 star. Not only impurities, but also "European holidays" can boast. two of the worst actors who play children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Liveli and Dana Hill). Both are arrogant and disgusting, with Audrey's unattractive and loud voice about the boy who left almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes to her comment on how she is missing while watching the giant brotherhood. Quite tasty. Speaking of this, breasts flashed in two different scenes for no good reason (unless the Americans' love of free nipples in their comedies could not be commented on). I will give the film one of his two stars. thanks to Erik Idlu of the team Monti Pithona, whose kameyas at several different points in the film reciting the lines directly from "Holy Grail", the smallest part. If Hughes intended to find one of the non-American actors just as an entertaining part, then he had another top hat to tear off the underworld of the Hollywood comedy of the 80's. Still, would you mind doing it while he was having fun?
