I'm a big Pacino fan. He is one of the, if not the best actor of this genre. However, this film could have been much better even though it had a bad role. All they had to do was tell the story of Carl Brigant until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed that this was just one of the many stories about Carlita. We could answer all or even some of the questions about his past that we were asked in the original. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get this bitch that has almost none of the original characters in it, a character who plays a different part of the original (a terrible move), and a completely different love interest for Carlite. Do not even start me with Puffy. I can not seriously grasp that cat like a gangsta after I watched him dance in all his videos. Whenever a man opened his mouth, I waited for him to dance. He made me laugh. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would give him a poor performance because of his recent history. He was pretty good. He was probably the "most credible" of the entire box in my opinion. Jai Hernandez did everything he could, but he currently does not have his skills in his career to take on this role. I appreciate his energy and his efforts. It's hard to follow Pacin. The only way you can even have a clue about what Carlito's person was, watch the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene, then in a homeless man. He was one of the worst gangs of his time, but you would only see the flashes of it in this movie. Perhaps this is a sad way that Hollivood is trying to make another crop to cash in on this failure. You would not be surprised. All in all, in my opinion, this film was short or could have been. The only reason I gave him 3 was that I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples deserved little respect with me. A serious director was supposed to film this film and actually put the time in the story and turn it into a real predecessor. I am extremely disappointed that this film is not seriously understood. It would be better for them to turn this into a mini-series on HBO and in fact tell a story as the original says. At the end of the film, they had the courage to suggest that Carlito should return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... it's a part that everyone wants to see !!! Again, this is just my opinion. I can not tell you how to spend your money.
