His first claim is that the desires are always artificial, completely false. When Jehovah's Witness refuses, he gets his documentary about movies? or anything else - it's time for anyone to get their own. Although far, far more intelligent than, say, Paris Hilton (I know, not too hard) Zizek's mouth throws out as much nonsense as its only other kind. He combines the worst of both his professional world: psychoanalysis and philosophy. Both fields are known for practically offering expert bikers a large number of free spaces to create incalculable theories, for a carelessness without beginning or end, and for linking the concept almost randomly, in the process of misusing the English language by creating a semantic language Mamica that only a mother can love. Example: there are three main brothers of Marx, that is, what is a "great" idea to link them to three levels of human consciousness, id, ego, and superego. I'm kinda surprised that he did not play the Snovhite pistol and made an analogy between the seven dwarfs and the seven levels of Gahannah (Muslim hell). It's like Schumacher's "number 23": it's enough to play with numbers, and you can think of any theory about the cocaine you want, even linking old Greeks with the death of Princess Di. TPGTC has an element of fun: watching crazy sweat of madness as a pig while delusional songs are masked as an intellectual analysis can be quite fun. Why watch "Coward's Nest" or any other crazy drama when you can have Zizek for more than 2 hours? It's like watching a fun wreck of a train. But he's almost funny on one or two occasions. I've always been confused by people who desperately try to raise film work into a sublime intellectual social science. Giving idiotic films such as "Birds" so much thought, so much credit, that probably his thick creator laughs in the grave. The cruel truth is that the vast majority of films have a zero intellectual value, and a few of those who have some intelligence do not require a philosopher who has become a psychologist to draw a single card to understand them? unless one is a complete idiot. Zizek sees layers and layers of meaning in the most important films. Hallucinogenic drugs must be very popular and cheap in Slovenia these days ... When Zizek showed a hole in a bath in a "psycho" shower scene, I thought he would say something about galactic black holes; how to take away life from the stars just as the hole in the bathtub was sucked by the blood of Janet Leigh. Or he might have been able to say that the hole represents Leigh's vagina, with the blood entering it instead of coming out (as in menstruation), which is a kind of "smart (ironical) irony." Speaking about it, the real irony is that if Hitchcock really put so many thoughts into every scene (and script), his films would not be illogical, strained by the shit they often have. The purpose of these analogies is to show how easy it is to improvise about "hidden, deep meanings". And when you add Zizek's fantastic terminology in philosophy and psychology, placing these terms on the top of these analogies, such as bridal cake decoration, you get a wandering confusion that can immediately impress the uneducated - i.e. Very impressive and gullible. Žižek pronounces numerous (unintentionally) funny things, one of the absurd ideas is that Anthony Perkins connects the cleaning of a bloody bathroom with "job satisfaction, well-done job". Do not laugh ... Neither Hitchcock nor the writer "Psychos" could not even obscure this idea so Perkins could enjoy a well-done job - cleaning a dirty toilet - as they imagined / directed the scene. Talk about putting words into your (dead) mouth, but in the context of a misinterpretation of what the director had to say. I like Žižek's initial thoughts about Tarkovsky's brilliant "Solaris", but then he has to ruin a rare good impression by embracing "anti-feminism" and other nonsense in his theory. Zizek's attitude towards logic is that of a dog toward his plastic bone. "I just want to play with him all day!" Logic has its own rules and should not be raped - at least not publicly - by those like him. It seems that he considers logic, proof, common sense, and reason as enemies or only toys that are returning; concepts to be avoided, screw up to fit into the ultimate goal, or simply destroy. Žižek is Hipi who stumbled across the LSD, and all his favorite films are his personal "2001". The fact that Žižek focuses too much on the two most esteemed directors - and those whose films are often UNFORTABLE intelligence, if anything else - like Hitchcock and Lynch, only further reduces his already low credibility. I was surprised that De Palma did not look much more prominent; That's another lame director writing incompetent scenarios. Zizek has a day on the field with Linch's incomprehensible "Lost Highway". There are so many interpretations of this film as the people who watched it. Zizek's comment that the viewer readily accepted von Trier's ridiculous, "revolutionary" physical arrangement in "Doggie" me snicker. However, Žižek not only invents things as he goes on, but also he is very concerned with "fascination". Like all "social scientists" (oxymoron), he wraps his highly "observer" in articulated (if full of spitting) and sometimes complex tongues. After all, sociology works in exactly the same way: it makes us believe that we hear something new, in fact it is what we already know, but it is said in an eloquent manner - which deceives listeners who no longer listen. /> I was half expecting that men in white suits would suddenly emerge from nowhere and tie him in the suit ... Slavoj Žižek: Soon as a stalker in a children's park near you. <br /> <br /> http: //rateiourmusic.com/list/Fedor8/150_vorst_cases_of_nepotism/
