Where can I start? I heard this film coming out and I was very crazy. I am a big fan of the original Carlit's Road, and when I heard about this, I thought it would be just like any other sequels that appeared in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. I'm not saying that all the sequels are bad, but that's a problem with Hollywood these days, they make too many sequels and remakes and hurry them. This was not a theater edition, it's a DVD release. Still, in my opinion, there was no reason to do this. After I heard that this movie is in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. It immediately killed every chance that this movie was good. Why have I checked this movie then some of you can ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see him, so I did. I'm not just looking at movies I have high expectations, but I obviously had low expectations. I just wanted to see if that would be relevant. Now, if any of you are reading this Carlit's fan of the road, you know a lot of stories in the first one that relates to him going to jail. VERY SMALL SPOILER * Nothing, because this can make you do not want to spend 2 hours watching this garbage. All I will say is - at the end of Carlit's Road 2, we do not see Carlito going to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I would think that the preface to Carlitos Vai will show how he ended up in jail. I was even a little interested in seeing what happened. It's not my only movie problem. The actor who played Carlita did not do bad work, but he could not save this film if he tried. There are not even those small things that should be thrown over there, which lovers of Carlit's way would love. In the first you do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key figures, I would like to see something like that. What's worse, Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character that plays in the first movie. A big mistake on their part, why cast the same actor on a different character, this made the movie worse than it already was. Basically, I am a lover of Carlith's Road, this new release for DVD is a disgrace. If you're a fan, do not watch this great-looking movie. This movie is basically nothing for me, and it's definitely a movie I will not pick up on a DVD, nor watch ever again.
