I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds to never return to this piece of trash. I heard someone on the Internet describing the villains of this film as "subhuman cannibals," and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like descending. VRONG! Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a powerful story. These villains are completely unrealistic and no part of their performance is not pleasant to watch. This film is not so controversial, I saw this burning level in many films. This movie is bullshit. SINOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's very hot (but not), her fan and her fan's friend (no, I do not remember their names) go to the woods. Their car broke down. They were warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde becomes unreasonably hysterical and the next morning I can not find a friend of the fan. The worshiper puffs up his foot. Do not worry, he's much more upset when his car does not start than when he nails it. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blonde goes to find help. Events that I can not remember. During this and during the entire film, grotesque torture scenes are presented without any substance, including the one that made me. The blonde leaves the house of cannibals to save the fans (although everything is seen as eating intestines, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals that eat because they contain real food). Blonde believes that the fan is injured and works hard (unsuccessfully) to raise tears. Then make a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces that he can "think them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a significant change in character when he discovers that his family was cannibalized. Then there are shootings, they leave the house, shooting continues, then a random guy appears and says he is watching them. Before he was killed, a scene inspired by the sour excursion of more killing was shown. The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he did not help them. There is more killing, the fan confesses his love for blondes. Then the camera is covered by a mysterious hand. What it means? I do not know, I hope there will be no continuation.
