Vov, after Timo Roses "Rout Citi" destroyed the disc after 15 minutes (South Park is more than meaningless cursing ... I think some people simply do not understand) I was interested in this film. I read a lot of positive things, and the packaging and look of the film looked far from the total waste I expected after the "Rout Citi". Surprise: The movie is not a complete garbage, but the problem looks like it just wakes up. Timo Rose is trying to walk the footsteps of the German cinema Horror / Splatter like Olaf Ittenbach and the like. This means that "Barricade" is extremely fragile and detailed in its parts. Up FKS is not really convincing but OK, the acting is fine, but in some cases it's plain shit. The bugger in the introductory sequence is ridiculous and does not get better until she kills her. So, what's the problem ... the movie is bloody, has a typical German underground vibe (including classic film) in blood), OK FKS and a modern feeling that the package has already been promised?! 1. The script is a total BS. You get a typical hilly / lost story in the forest with some guys + gull and hang out with a degenerate family. Everything just leads to scenes of torture / mutilation and seems incredibly accidental and meaningless. This is the first thing that makes the "Barricade" half-hearted. 2. Random is also the perfect description for a lot of work on the camera (I liked the repetitive cut on the tweezers in the expanded torture scene ... or did not have the material or editor working in the hardware store). Worse yet, editing ... certainly, his modern and far better than many other films in the genre, but his RANDOM. You have excessive use of this typical exposure effect everywhere and without meaning ... it's just there ... all the time. Then there is a grainy / noisy film view that is also thrown here and there because of that, I do not understand the meaning. 3. Like the above mentioned effects, there are many repetitive things here. For example, most of the killings are regulated by repeated repetition of punctures and punctures. It's ok once, but it's boring and fake here, especially toward the end. Disturbing is the "music" that is permanently used without any changes in the background. It does not last long until the film is tolerable. 4. From all this comes the biggest problem of this film (and many others in my opinion). If you make a movie that sprays with a trashy feeling, it's pretty idiotic to polish it with a special FKS and a new schooling. It seems to be too serious. It's not fun because the responsible FKS in this context is useless. And where the classic FKS up is fine, the FKS computer in scenes such as stinging in the mouth or shots in the finishing line looks pretty stupid (and 3D spraying is mostly shit even in budget films and decent 3D artists). /> I often wondered if the time of the serious films had passed and that "Barricade" is another example that it's time to put it in a tomb. It's not fun, it does not have a character and it is too uncomfortable for its appearance. The scenario is an inexpensive attempt at "Vrong Turn" and "TCM" that lead absolutely nowhere. You can understand this literally ... the ending is here and by chance as many other things here ("I love you" in a jerk ... come!). "Barricade" is trying hard to incorporate and collapse ... you can move quickly through this movie for some extensive decompressions, melting the sour face, pinching the nipples and the classic Friday in a thirteen-style steaming while jumping in the tent (bloody boobies hoorai!) . But it's really hard to get through this. Total failure, especially because you can see that it could have been something.
