Ever since ancient times, the X Files have been intelligent, a play that has sparked thinking. Much of his attraction was that writers looked at folklore and the science of their ideas, tying the plot of the ghostly side of real life. I was incredibly cautious in the eighth season when it was broadcast. The show has already provided two perfectly good episodes to bow in ("One Son" and "Rekuiem"), and the seventh season has experienced a sharp increase in episodes that damaged the tube for ideas that were strained, incredible, or even silly . But I thought, hey, I'm giving him the benefit of a doubt, maybe they're coming back because they have some great ideas. "Roadrunners" was really disturbing. After the "Patience", which at least offered an interesting angle to the vampire folklore, that the show had been well escaped, the episode sees a strange (alien) parasitic bullet with the power of mind control worshiped by the cult of deep Christians. Oh, they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you only discover it in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never an attempt to understand this, to explain what a bullet is, why everything is happening, or anything. Even in the early years of the performance - in fact, * especially - then - you can expect a little more depth, a little background, or if not then the opposite - a little mystery, some uncertainty about what is happening. It's Scully who really kills him. You could deal with the stupidity of the premise, but have a character developed over a period of just 7 years as a rational skeptic turned into a fabulous maverick just to improve the action is bizarre to watch. You feel like looking at some terrible teenage horror, except that it's a thirty-year-old woman thrown into a sort of creepy isolated community that spent most of the decade of discovering malicious roots, whether outsiders are very stereotyped peasants or extremely indifferent to their own security. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not here. Scully just wandered into the desert to investigate her own brutal murder without him. He appears in the end to save the day - I can not even remember why - but in addition, he is not in it. Again: Seriously. In short, I feel like a generic script written for a second show, or someone's movie about a pet movie that they are allowed to push as a mutant leech in the back of an existing, long-standing show at the time it was the most vulnerable. Maybe he worked at a smaller exhibition, where the characters are archetypal and the audience is expected less. But Ks-Files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most memorable TV figures of the nineties. Deciding to change her personality because of the story they had to do on Star Trek for fifty times is pointless.
