If you have ever been mistreated by a Christian who said, "Jesus is the answer. What is the question?" Then you may need to thank God if you have never met Lacan. Slavoj Žižek, the evangelist from Lacanac, would surely have exchanged the word "Jesus" for "Lacan / Hegel" in that statement. Zizek's star is currently burning greatly, no doubt because we watch movies and pop culture just like a party for our spending. It looks impressive when someone - anyone - comes in and says: "Hold on, movies can say something about us." The Zizek's ideas in this film are "true" just because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that the three Mark Bros ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zepp, or Gummo? Maybe they are sinthome ... or are they movies alone?). It's just what they are. In Žižek's performance, culture does not exist to explore, but only as an example of his ideology. People can say that he has something to say - but how different is he saying from a Christian who attributes everything to God's will? What's wrong with taking examples, from movies or anywhere, to illustrating the theory? Well nothing. As Zizek believes, they can even serve as evidence. However, this is simply a propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove everything you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? so he goes the right example. All but everything that resembles the teachings of the Teacher and the culture that is here to do it, to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's example of a fantasy position of a voyeur was taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stevart spies Kim Novak in a flower. But, in the context of the film, it is not a voyeuristic fantasy position at all. Stewart was deliberately led by Novak. This presentation of examples isolated from their context continues during Zizek's two-and-a-half-hour cinematic sermon. His analysis of the scene "baby wants f ---" in Blue Velvet is funny. Lightly touching what appears to be a terrible (male) truth of the "female jouissance," Zizek says that the image of Isabelle Rossillini requires not only its degradation, but, unconsciously, in charge of the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... it's possible. But - excuse your prosaic - where is the evidence for that? In the film, she partly goes through her humiliation as Hopper kidnapped her son. Žižek can object that she also obviously enjoys brutal sex with Kyle McLachlan. But this can be because of an unlimited number of things. Is not this the point of the so-called female "jouissance"? According to Lacan, female jouissance, unlike the phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, it is beyond the phallic capture and castration of language. If that is true, then no case can be made. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensual and completely mystical. Dogmatics, such as Žižek, can only determine: "For you is a woman's satisfaction! Why is this woman enjoying it? Because I say so." What example can really be obtained from these movies? Only Zizek's psychology. Why is he continually inserted into his favorite films, even to the point that, when he is in a boat on Botega Bay, he says Rod Steiger wants too? Is not it the fulfillment of the desire of someone who lives his life by criticizing films? As it is said, Freud would have a day on the field with The Pervert's cinema guide - but with Zizek himself, or with anyone else. Žižek's theory that our films show how we want can be on the spot. but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wants and only extremely vague - as if it's almost useless - how we want the rest. Because, as every psychoanalyst knows, as we want and what we want, we can not be completely separated - and it can not be easily universalized, if at all. Žižek's love to do everything by example of Laka's answer confirms this: how do we want? this is how I do it. The problem is in Zizek's desire that all and everyone else rationalize in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do not like the "subject" to speak for himself. The guide to cinema in the pervert is the suspicion of Zizek's love for dogma and is completely non-philosophical even if it remains very political (what kind of dogma is not?). Zizek never questioned exactly his motives when he went into the analysis, what he was trying to discover, because the terms of his research, and therefore his ethics, were never questioned. Zizek is extremely fruitful, but all his books and this film speak the same. He is a type of Henry Ford's cultural theory: mass production and every color as long as it's black. It is perfect for today's highly-consumeristic society: it is allegedly critical while giving people the same c-ap and pretending to be something else. This is popular because people generally prefer ready answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - instead of investigating things with any serious consideration. It's like the brain is dead. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pills is a suicide capsule. PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark - presented as a discovery of film and humanity - that music in films can greatly affect the sympathy of people. Did this only happen to Zizek after looking at his jaw?
