This film is ultra light, predictable from start to finish. As Don Knotts' vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with Knott's character, who was neither nearly incompetent nor ignorant. His performance was relaxed, without his trademark, although it may have had something to do with the fact that most of the film was replaced by a cartoon. Knotts lived from playing symbiotic imbeciles, just like Bob Denver. It seems that none of them has managed to break through to other types of roles, assuming they are simply shaped. It was probably because of nonsense, wild look and high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked at Three's Compani, managed to overcome his genre, successfully expanding in dramatic roles like "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever got a minor role in "Pleasantville ". Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad opportunity, an unpleasant actor in the real dramatic sense as it was at the time, nor a dumb actor, as he later became "Airplane!" And "Police Detachment". There is also no way in which the 43-year-old Knotts could then switch to the 35-year-old, as his character insisted he was. It was absurdly incredibly incredible, because Tom Hanks played for Forrest Gump at age 38 for college. The film was apparently made on a modest budget, very similar to a fast TV episode. It is particularly obvious in the "exterior" scenes of the "city" where Roi goes after being fired. It is unlikely that a pre-school boy will be cheated by Maiberry's sound art. Even watching this strictly as a children's movie, it's very disappointing. Not because there is no action or special effects, though it has. The pace is too slow, the situation is repeated. How many times can you see Roi getting on the bus? Comedy for children should at least sometimes be crazy, with a stupid swing, otherwise you risk getting bored (and all adults in the theater). Movies, even children's films, have improved a lot in the meantime. Even many modern comedies are better recorded and written. Disney's "The Love Bug", for example, at least had an interesting crash.
