I guess I'm only guilty of the gigantic disappointment that the "Virgo" is. You already know that you can not expect a movie masterpiece when you see a cuddly and proudly promoted title like this, and the first impression is further confirmed when you notice that the film production was from Japan in the mid-'80s. Now, there are a lot of demented and sick filmmakers in Japan, but Kazuo Komiza outperforms them with their completely distorted and tormented trilogy that revolves around aggressive sex and sadistic abuse of young girls. Even an attempt to tell the story, "The Mother of God" is simply a fascinating sex-pornographic sex that is caused by the UN, and indeed bad effects that would not satisfy even the most demanding fanatic horror. Images of a bunch of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably intertwined with the scenes of a dirty pervert who had rough sex with a seemingly little girl. He leaves even a minute after the climax (typically) and she begs him to stay, even if he has to share it with other women. I do not understand. Does this have to represent a general male fantasy? Because it's really cliché and wrong. In any case, back to the piles of horrified photographers and obedient models. Surprised by an upcoming fog on the way home, the group burys in an abandoned country house where they have more terrible sex and ultimately become victims of a funny sexual demon that kills them all. Acting performances are amateur, the dialogs are meaningless and primitive, and the direction of Komizu is weak and non-inspiring. I can handle all this, including the sexually unacceptable portrayal of a woman, but I'm too close to turning the film around in an indescribably disheartened wrestling array. One of the men brutally strikes, strikes and throws around one of the girls and calls it a filthy whore until he literally pisses his panties and cries from agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point of the Asian exploitative film. You should avoid and maybe boycotting.
