Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not on an interview on a DVD, which is with the director because he keeps the talks "hello, kids" in the camera, but I had the expectations of Entrails of a Virgin Being at least a bit lousy party with some good scenes of sex and brutal, bloody murders by a strange Japanese reseller, it turned out to be too weak for their own good or bad, or anything else. There is a problem - and this can also be seen in the Italian sexual passion Porno holocaust, similar This in many respects - in that there is no balance before sex and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototype porn, and even with a lot of production quality compared with the majority of professional porn movies! And with killer scenes, there must be at least a little nail, and maybe just a whip of genius, in the creation creatures / murderers / anything, there is no inner part of the Virgin. It can be said that this is a fairly soulless film, even if it is not one of the worst ever made - it's only for Japanese fetishists with a horn to climb girls in troubles and men who they have all their brains in St "Others" In this case, we got a photographic team where guys take some footage of some girls, nothing too sweet, and then, through a dense fog, stay at some house one night and pick up the killer one by one as it is attributed to . First, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komiza decides to put a quota of random sex scenes early - we'll connect in (or call, take your) pictures of one of the photographers who have sex with one or more girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from another movie. Then he once got into the house, there is a "wrestling" scene that is poorly choreographed and recorded (yes, we really have to see it there), then rape and killing. The first rape, by photographers, promises to girls some work for their time. Then, the killer, who as D'Amat's creature is simply covered with mud and got a stupid face, and who for some unknown reason kills men and / or raps women one by one. Now, the latter of them, taken by themselves, should be taken into account in the film. It's like saying, however, that rosaries are the best part of a salad with a terrible tasting. The eye scene, the spear thrown like an Olympic event (this scene is, in fact, kind of cool), and in the end, the attraction is excessively sexually crazed girls, whose inimitable name I do not remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing only because it is not right for the title! On top of that, scenes of sex that become boring through 'Gair' and its relaxation in long ways without any crossing, where everything in Japanese censors is blurred, actors act (you might think they seem to enjoy enough, so it takes them are allowed to "speak" for themselves). But the overall feeling of the Entrails of the Virgin is lumpy, where he is only there to see himself without a patch of uncertainty or genuine horror (see how the last girl remains alive, the virgin of the image, trying to stop the killer not to reach it, which lasts for five minutes while she's always throwing sticks at him!) You just want to do it because I hate women's mantras to relax or totally free themselves.
