Sotonin Mali Helper is one of the better B Horror films I've seen. When I say better, I mean the story. The film opens up a new plot, something that is not so cliché in Horror genre - something fresh. But there are some funny issues that come with her. The questions you will ask yourself during the whole film. The film first attracted my attention while I was cruising with the Horror section in HMV. I was tired of all the so-called. "Scary" Hollywood blockbusters and I wanted something different. The cover for Satan's little helper instantly attracted me. As you can see, the picture attracts you - it's cold! I knew it was the right DVD release - but I risked it. I mean, I just saw "Boogei Man" the night before - so it could not have been worse! After watching the movie, I was semi-satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really creepy how the killer pretended to be a little friend so he could kill himself. In a sickly disturbed manner, he actually thought that he and a little boy would become partners - a duo of terror. It was a great idea to put a movie on Halloween. Thus, no one would have thought that he was a masked man next to a young child. You'd just think he was his guard. But this is also the place where the "cavities" begin to appear. If your son came home with a "friend," he met a trick or healing - that's fine. You would not think of anything - if he was 9 years old or about the same year as he did. If, however, he appears with a strange man in a mask, you would be stunned and protect your child. You would ask a man to take off his mask and identify himself. I'd wonder why he was with your son. He does not know him. You'll tell him to leave. He's not a family friend. He's a stranger. Now, we need to teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, Mom is fine with that. Huh? It seems they never think it's a little weird that the "man" does not speak at all. Gruanted think it's a boy's daughter, but after 10 minutes you do not talk, would take off the mask and ask him why he does not say anything. Film from there goes downhill. What most touched me, everything Mom said was "Do you want an apple?". I can not count how many times it says in the movie. It's like, oh you're dying - we have a cider, though, everything's fine !! The film began to promise and failed. It was more a horror / comedy, and even a failure. I guess you could call it Dud, Flop, etc. The best thing about the movie is the wrapper. Although, something tells me it's not worth 12 dollars!
