First I will say that I gave this film 3 out of 10 after some thinking. I wanted to give him the right 1 but he got a couple of extra points for counting the body. But that would be for that. Let me explain. I paid literally £ 1 for this DVD in the supermarket, because I tend to have a lot of faith in the hits, especially B-movies. But if this film has tended to B status, I guess it was for several reasons (on which I will rely on in a second), then it's incredible. Not only did he shoot for B and miss, but landed somewhere around F. This movie had so many opportunities to be good and it's pretty bad on all accounts. I say that this film was probably the goal of B status and it seems to be trying to achieve it by trying to combine humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddie's films (Dream Varriors onwards) are all about Freddie's style and nose, which works perfectly! But this film was totally bombarded in that respect, because the times in which they tried to inject humor were mostly stupid. I admit, however, that at the beginning of the film humor was good. In fact, about half an hour I liked this movie and I was ready to congratulate myself on another good invention. But what really killed this movie for me was an innocent killing. For example, when 'Satan' breaks the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with his blood using his body as a brush. Or when 'Satan' slammed the door into a helpless old woman. Now, I'm usually not too much against the meaningless murders in movies - hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases, I thought it was very offensive and unnecessary for anything in the film. For me, the movie has since continued. One of the main bad things in this movie is that I hated every character in it. Kid, Dougie was ridiculously bored! I am in a nuisance to explain that he could cancel all those bodies and people who were killed in front of his eyes as a trick! I mean, come on! I totally realized that the character in the horror movie must be a little stupid, as if you were running to the floor when you were supposed to run away from home screaming for help, but this kid took a biscuit! I wanted to kill him all the way! It was absolutely incredible, and if I had to hear him say, 'Ghost!' Once again I wanted to hit my wall - because that's what I'm watching this movie. Why did not I turn off the movie? Mostly because I honestly believe that the end can sometimes buy a movie. But I was wrong in this case. Finishing NOT REPLACED this film, he further irritated the hell out of me and was inadequate for the plot line. I already got it! The killer will always come back dressed like someone else, be brought to the house by a stupid kid and go back to homicide because nobody doubts him in that costume! I UNDERSTAND! This movie made me physically angry because he was so stupid! And if you finish watching this movie by some sinful mistake, watch out for the guts. Frankly, if this guy really had the intestines that looked like that, I'd be surprised that he was not already dead, let alone someone to pull them off and not tie the chair. In fact, I'll even go so far as to say that the only character I liked in this movie is actually the killer. It's just that when his 'comedy routine' functioned, it succeeded. All in all, the film plot of this film dragged on everything that could have been good. Why did the killer kill? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he actually was, it's pretty typical, but without some sort of motive - I do not know hell, I would agree that he has a bad Halloween Night as a child! - It seems to me more than pointless, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically registered with the IMDb just to comment on it. Save money, save your reason. Get away from it!
