This is an "anthological" horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Veird Tales and was a personal friend with H. Lovecraft, but best known for the original story "Psicho"). The quality of the story is very uneven and I did not think much about a movie that was creepy or terrible. It would be better to do it like a comedy like "Comedy of Terror". Only the last of the 4 stories is really made in a humorous way, and probably the best of them (she with Ingrid Pitt). I've seen several of these Amicus anthological films, and the only one really worth the time was "The Crypts of the Crypt" by Freddie Francis. Anthological style works well for producers, because that means they can employ a bunch of big-name actors, hire them in just one week of recording or so, and then bring the next great name. So you're essentially paying 6 weeks of movie star pay, but you get 5 or 6 different names on the screen. But it's very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pit. Instead, they are themselves stuck in these vignettes. Let's take them one by one, shortly. The first story is Denholm Elliot, who does a truly amazing work trying to bring some dignity to his stupid role as a writer who has terrorized his character. Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominica, the source of horror, Tom Adams, just looks stupid that destroys every possible horror. There are some hilarious things if you want to laugh about it, like on a scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. A patented scene in which the killer moves behind the victim, but nobody looks at it, so the entire audience should yell: "SEE AND THAT YOURS!" The other story is she with Peter Cushing. God, I love that man so much. It is a shame that many of his films, such as this, are pretty stinking. The story should give up the long lost love, and he sees similarity in the museum of wax figures. It's a completely predictable story that does not go anywhere. Then you have something with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a little kid who turns out to be a witch. Again this piece could have been fun to play for laughter. But instead, we should be horrified when Lee hits a child and surprises him when he turns out to be evil. Actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in that kind of "Bad Seed" role. The last story is kind of fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays the actress, and Jon Pertvee plays the actor accidentally buying a vampire cap that turns him into a real vampire. That's all that the story can offer. I was surprised how much English Ingrid Pitt was bad, I guess I should have called her in some other movies I saw her. Not a very memorable movie or one that I would recommend. All but horrible correspondents.
