The story of the movie is pure and strange. Two women travel to the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, it's absolutely terrible. Film producers did not research or were incredibly lazy when they were filmed. For the beginning, and the most vividly incorrect, Nuristanis, as they were known in the 1930s, and since the 1990s and their violent change by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Agnaistana, were not nomads. In fact, they were not nomads from the Aryan invasions of Central Asia more than three millennia ago. Second, the city that was recorded as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the area around the city could not be more striking than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain massif, which dominates all city ​​views. The third, Persian, despite the fact is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The 'Persian' guards at the border, in fact, say to each other 'Ma hadha ruja' (This is not a man), not 'mard nist' as it would be in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. Speaking in the garden one of the main characters says that the Qur'an uses the words 'Ferdos' and 'jehaan' and gives some references to medication after the word. These words certainly never appear in the Qur'an, because the Persian Raj (in fact, Ferdos and Raj are very distant relatives between our languages) and the 'World', that is, although Jehan is near 'Jehennan', which is hell in Arabic. When they meet with nomads in the desert, speaking Arabic is also spoken, despite the fact that in Iran and Afghanistan there are no native speakers of the Arabic language, and its use is primarily religious, with a certain use in education at the time. When they stop in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are usually bedouin with carpets that decorate walls and high profile. In Iran it is also extremely unusual for people to wear Turbans unless they are priests. The language spoken clearly is Arabic from the initial greetings 'Ahlan va Sahlan.' When they reach Kabul, the desert in which they are located is sandy, completely different from the rock that is located in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush mountain chain. Missing light green peel that covers the ground during the summer and spring. The area was also not fully consumed by the extreme mountain range of the mountain chain that got its name, the Indian killers, due to its heavy and limiting ground. In short, the story is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and is still a bad and common place. He misses any real attraction, since it's just a story about two women who are trying to learn about themselves as they reach Nuristan, however, even that is still born and no real development is felt, leaving characters in the end right there where they were at the beginning and nothing has changed except that the Second World War has lost. In short, this is a really bad movie I would rate on one star, except for the good shooting of the Bedouin and the Levant desert, even if they were wrongly named.
