The basic premise of "Miami Golem" certainly deserves a place in the top, for example, the fifty of the most precious film stories ever recorded! I know that the top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I've seen many really strange films with crazy complications. I was prepared from something complicated, because the film was directed by co-author Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative Italian filmmakers. De Martino steals more ideas than successful blockbusters, as most Italian directors did at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all De Martin films are worth the effort, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as the "Special Magnum for Tony Saitto", "Holocaust 2000" and "Murder Formula". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from numerous brilliant Sci-Fi and adventurous movements (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," "ET", ??), but I would not call that cleft . The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another movie is the song that opens the synthesizer and which sounds almost identical to Harol Faltermeier Akel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is a fun corridor of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero-movie tricks. It certainly does not make sense (in most cases not), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly a fantasy and diverse film that kept my partner and me from start to finish. <br /> <br The action is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I will try it anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports on a German scientist who allegedly discovered an alien DNA inside a collapsed meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to the evil foreign force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as soon as it becomes large enough in size. If this is not already problematic enough, the rich Mr. Anderson has ordered to steal a slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of good foreigners in the earth mask, Craig Milford has a difficult task to protect the planet from the evil fetus. All right, I know all this sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually an easy and easy digestible movie. The first half of the film can appear as overly hilarious and confusing, as Alberto De Martino tries to keep his secret secret by means of meaningless red herring. There are subconscious spiritual performances, signs of support that behave extensively mysteriously for no reason and at some point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. This, however, is a misleading cladding material, and as soon as the setting is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into a plain action movie for popcorn in the early 80s, with bloody massacres, brilliant hunting trails (in Florida Everglades!) Explosions, free sleeves and nasty fetus monsters in jars. Now I really do not want to leave the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of Italian cinema. Do not make a mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! Events become only viable if you accept the stupidity and disconnection of complications and if you fail, then it is only a constant fire of negative aspects. Acting performances are painfully horrible. Especially B-film veteran John Ireland, as an archetypal James Bond negative character, does not seem to be least interested in the script. According to his grimas and the way he delivers his words, it can be said that he also thinks that the whole production is retarded and simply applied for a salary. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female object of lust ever, and the person who painted a wonderfully chaotic VHS mask must feel the same way, because the enigmatic girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. What a shame must be for Ms. Trotter. However, its completely free nakedness offsets it, because it's pretty hot from the bottom to the bottom. And finally, there is an unforgettable scene in which David Varbeck takes off a helicopter from a school bus that moves with a regular pistol! I do not think John Rambo can do it either, while he's a veteran from Vietnam, and Varbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
