Journalist Craig Milford, who works for James Keller's Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with a German professor at the Florida University who made an unknown creature based on some meteorite substances. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his man kill the professor and his assistants and the robbery creature. So, Craig and his new female psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human being, but also with the alien creatures of creatures, begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien space ship ... the film has some great heads and headquarters. For example, actor, David Varbeck of THE BEIOND, actress, Laura Trotter from NIGHTMARE CITI, creator of special visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti from the masterpiece by Dario Argento, and director (and story writer), Alberto De Martino MUCH WITH ICI EIES and THE KILLER IS ON THE TELEPHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie, called, nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially confused by the combined film CLOSED MEETING OF THE THIRD TYPE with E.T. And this film, which is not only confused, but also compassionate, has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with psychological research. Accordingly, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical disability; Genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Strange, but as far as this unusual childish combination of genetic engineering and psychic research is concerned, the leading character, Craig, himself says, MUST BE A BETTER EXPLANATION to short-sighted psychics, Joanie. In addition, this movie has something more funny: its problematic music. the composer who is credited with Robert Maria is nothing more than an unusually insistent music of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italian theme of COP BEVERLY HILLS is particularly bad music itself, but I have to say that it looks like Obviously, music at all no such ability for this film. Really, who can thinks BEVERLY HILLS COP compatible with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
