This is a film that requires little digestion. On the one hand, we are offered a solid external shell, a story that not only pulls out the Catholic church, but it is stupid and uninformed. On the inner layer, we are offered a story about orthodoxy around the ortopraxis, and what happens when people blindly follow the faith they can not understand. At first glance, it looks like it should have been a comedy. If so, then Mr. Durang should open the dictionary because he obviously does not know the meaning of the word. Jokes are pale; humor is inconvenient and poorly delivered. In particular, Mrs. Keaton's performance is flying and above the top, well below the quality of her days, Annie Hall and Sleeper. Jennifer Tilly is again a strident model, with her high voice and healing. All this could be forgiven for not having been the last 20 minutes of this film, which was obviously a controversial game made in 1981. *** Careful, spoilers in front of *** /> ​​Everything starts with the appearance of four former students of Sister Maria Ignatius (Ignatius is a male name, and a nun would not have adopted it after the vow, under any circumstance, simply because of this fact. Just to show you how tireless research began in the project.) When everyone acknowledges that they do not fulfill church teachings, the sister continues to become irrational and abuse them in the way that the audience believes. She returned to the dashing, all-cliché sepia-tones. When one of them recognizes that he has two abortions, the nun becomes even more offensive, until the student takes out a pistol. After separating her from her, the nurse kills the pupil, probably in self-defense. Then she started screaming, killing a gay former student for her sins. The last shot is a dead pupil lying in Christ's position until the shadow of the baptism hangs over her. Can you say "a heavy hand?" I knew you could! I know that in the past there were offensive nuns, and I know that many people have been emotionally injured as a result, but these images are fed to us in almost all other footage. in this movie wreckage. I heard from the writer and director that this is a film about hysteria and why it is not necessary to adhere to Orthodoxy so religiously, without a literal intention. However, this explanation is difficult to swallow, simply because we have never been given an authoritative viewpoint that is not biased against the Catholic faith in one way or another. This film is simply an anti-Catholic hole, which, in the name of justice and equality, is slanderous and sulky. This is a movie I would recommend to the Catholic, namely to awaken him to the reality of what cynicism and ignorance are facing today. That "Rabbi Rai explains all this" or "Imam Muhammad explains all that," there would be a mess in the streets and Shovtime would have lost all his subscriptions. But, unfortunately, because this is a film that opposes what is considered to be the majority, it is accepted and even applauded by those who share the same evil view. a member of this team was a Catholic practitioner, so that not only ignorance led them to make this film. I give him 1.5 stars out of 5, not because of their offensive nature, but because of it's poorly written, poorly directed and just bad movie in general. Do not waste time.
