As a "failed Catholic" who had 11 years of Catholic school, but he was not at the Mass for 35 years except for weddings and funerals, I thought I would get out of this. And I did. . . for the first two thirds of the film. These were all standard things - strict parochial school teachings, suppressed sexuality, etc. It really means. Look at this, I saw this before they were hit by pedophile scandals. . . and maybe I would not be so offended at such nasty, hatred in the Catholic Church that I knew about these abominations (such a Catholic notion!) and concealment. It was a couple of years since I rented a video, and I will not be coming back to rent it again with a new perspective. He just left me so dirty, nasty, ugly taste in his mouth. . . I wonder what kind of experience all the actors had with the Church, because either they really hate it, or they hurried to pay. It's an incredibly anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone who has a mark of respect for Catholic education. What I still do, because in the fifties there were no better teachers. Whatever these nuns did, they forced me to learn to read and write English. They made us remember. (How many children today can make simple arithmetic in their heads?) It is true that in America there is nothing more important than success. Can you read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / divide? Great. You can get any advanced level you want. And the discipline of Catholic education will support you not only as you continue studying, but also for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of the Catholic "mythology" that we all had to learn. > Such a brilliant actor, such a bad, ruined scenario. I really feel bad (and no, not "bad" - believe me, nuns have taught me better) for the writer and director. I thought I had mixed emotions about the Catholic school. But the participants in this project were certainly those bad (ie stupid) kids who were sitting in the back of the room, if they were willing to participate in the making of this film.
