The final result ... who cares - it's real shov. There is no love for my audience, I bend lazy to TV viewers, does not put anything and does not get anything. "Joe Millionaire", the most fake false realistic performances of all of them, is an epic-scale television disaster. This is a momentous moment, not just for Fok, but for the American audience who is watching and watching, and talking about this shit the next day. You people should be ashamed. For as far as Fox promotes this garbage he will not earn any money if people do not watch him (and the boy was, the finals got almost Super Bowl numbers!?). You do not mind people having many high-quality shows written, directed, acting, and generally have an effort invested in them that are canceled while relaxing and pushing this light, cold show? I used to be a strong Fox support. These are among us who love and are looking for high-quality television that helped build Fox in the days of married ... with children and Simpsons. Practically enough, now none of these shows would last 6 weeks with the current administration. Gail Berman is "the rule of terror" as it is often called. The network led a war on a scripted TV and, which is strange, it's fans. It's just people who helped them build in the beginning. Now, not only do we have to fight for good performances, but we have to fight against their own network. It deceives the mind. Nothing Fok has done in the past 3 years makes sense. From the cancellation of hits such as "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can rebuild "Boom", but Fok can not raise a sad head to give the only decent show that has had another hit this season? ). And why they can do all this: the success of garbage such as "Joe Millionaire". Now I can say: "We do not need TV fans, we have a real shov". Apparently they seem to have no idea that the big crowd pulling this garbage is flipping and will leave them when the next gir appears. This will get rid of their base and ultimately kill the network as it was set by ABC. Sam shov is a joke. Here we have a premise, now in the classic Fok trick, which promises something different and nervous, but then brings something that is not in any way different from "The Bachelor" or anything at the big 3rd Fok has gone mainstream. The finals and "tvist" (kuote / unkote) showed that they have no idea in the sleeve. Now we know that all of these shows, no matter how different they look, will end up in the same bowl, the ending of the fairy tale. We had to see a bunch of lame ambitious actors who chose a million bullets to fit into their demographic process as high school bimboo pretending to like this Evan Marriott because ... and because it was competition you would you should do it. And Marriott himself is like a disgusting hro-magnum man struggling to merge the simplest sentences. But, how women (all by the way to an ugly look, by the way - an important minus is the guilty pleasure of this) do not fall to "Joe" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid". /> I used to think that people who watched these realities / exits / games showed that they were lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they have to be truly mentally defective. Come on people, have a little more pride in yourself. Look for a little more than your fun, then THERE. Boot FOCUS.
