The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) was thrilled to be admitted to a medical school to continue his family tradition to become a MD as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickei), however, his joy could It would be short while Eddie was involved in an accident and was run over by the car. Taken to the nearest hospital, he does not look good for poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie persuaded his brother Richard to allow him to preserve Eddie with the serum he developed, a serum that would allow the recipient to heal any wound or illness. Desperate for his boyfriend to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects such as converting Eddie into eating zombies, which is simply not a good thing ... Executive producer, written and directed by Steve Franke I will be completely honest and say that the serum is horrible, Serum is one of those films that do not have a budget and try to disconnect another number and end up a bit more fun than to get your nails out with the pliers. The scenario is awesome, it has the entire Re-Animator (1985) feeling with crazy scientists who use huge syringes trying to take advantage of death, but it's so boring that it's untrue, the first forty minutes is nothing but a really dull soap opera She does not expect anything to run with Eddie who is coming home after spending some time away and finding her ex girlfriend to join someone else, discussing with her mom, getting drunk with her friends, and generally bothering the audience . So, when it's done for the first forty minutes and if you're still watching, it takes twenty minutes for Eddie to re-animate, then kill a few people, the police catch him and kill him, the end. Thank God. The serum is devoid of any features that would be associated with a good movie, a shit of a character, a dialogue is poor, too seriously understood, boring, slow, forgotten, and considering that it is a horror movie there is an alarming lack of blood, up or horror. I do not recommend, did I mention that Serum is boring? I thought so. Director Franka does nothing to revive this thing, although he is competent here at all without a style. Blood levels are not present, there is little sprayed blood, a bite of neck, several scars on the face of a dead woman, a couple of scenes where the needle pierces the skin and that's it. Do not expect Re-Animator in the murder department, because if you do, you will be very disappointed, as I actually did. Filmed in something that looks like one house, one restaurant and a lab, the movie does not have a variety or just looks cheap. There are several nudity scenes, but it's not nearly enough to preserve it. Technically, the film is not bad, at least it seems that the appropriate cameras are used, I can not really comment on the special effects because they are not there, but generally the Serum looks reasonably professional. Apparently recorded in Texas, or should it be read in Texas? The acting is bullshit, but again I think that they were real actors, not the friends or family of the director. Serum is a terrible film, boring, slow, boring, no worse and feels like a horrible soap. opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to look at this when I can watch Re-Animator or one of its sequences, instead, I seriously recommend that you miss the Serum. I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
