The "Serum" starts with points that resemble Re-animators, and they owe much to them. The story is very similar; A crazy doctor develops a serum he believes will alleviate pain, illness, and death, but he is obviously not a big believer in clinical trials and ends with a zombie who eats a brain on his hands in the person of his nephew. Zombie looks like one of the "Re-animators", and in fact some of the make-up effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is rather slow and incredible in several places, resulting in a soap feel for most of the first 3/4 films. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us how many hours each few minutes are, by flashing with capital letters over the screen. I do not see why this was important, except for trying to give viewers a sense of time passing through; Sometimes, which would otherwise not be present until the plot was on. There are a few moments that are simply not added here. For example, one victim is hit by a hammer, but when we see the victim's head close up, there are no traces of this trauma. In the second scene, the character descends through a fully illuminated hospital hallway (in fact we can see the circles of light on the floor) with a flashlight in his hand, looking for the whole world as if walking in the dark ... but a moment later, another guy walked in the same fully illuminated corridor without him. These are just a few examples; moments that look like editorial or editorial disorder appear quite often during the film. Serum is better in some way than much that goes directly to video as an independent horror lately. In terms of technical items ?? sound and photography, for example? it has a more sleek look than a lot of what's on DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of woodwork (especially one of the main characters, a crazy scientist!) And pointless moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of disbelief and everything related to writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things that people involved in making this movie eventually get more experience. One of the problems with a low budget independent horror lately is that the directors have often started making more popular movies that have bigger budgets, and that almost never fails. In any case, it's not in the case of "Serum".
