This is perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen. The fact that it has a bad story is bad enough, that it has been linked to the issue of football violence that is 100 times worse. I had serious doubts about the premise of this film even before I started to watch it, but I got into it open enough, even to accept the way writers considered fit to present the character of Ellie Vood Matt in the hooligan scene. But the film casts inaccuracy after inaccuracy, the point that makes you get to the center of the film to get stronger than before. Let's clarify a few things: Huligans do not try to practically break their pub before running league games; they do not intend to kill each other; they do not carry ONLY Stone Island (the other in the crowd, hooligans or not). They certainly do not, when they take the exemption for a new member of the firm, go to their rival territory for pie and porridge. And I'd like to meet a hoole who would go on the grass on top of his company in a competing company. (Though you can break what I said about setting themselves to killing each other if it exists). Do not misunderstand me, I still have to see a movie on a topic that does not contain some fantasy fun, but this is just as a company because of ignorance. I thought it was ironic that Voodo's American enemy was morally condemned by his character because he was a user of cocaine, when it was part and parcel of the British hooligan scene. The film chooses not to jeopardize Voodoo's morale and instead avoids any cocaine-related company. I could continue, but I think I gave my opinion. As for the plot, it's very non-immigrant, and I'm sure that if I did not spend the whole movie that was crazy about the points, and more, made up, then I would have guessed what was going on earlier than I . And believe me, I was well ahead. I got a striking impression that this film is aimed at men, hoping that women will enjoy the injection of emotional problems that are posed. If I am right, then the manufacturers have completely failed. It is too unrealistic to enjoy it by anyone who knows the scene, and I can not believe that a woman looking for emotional films might harbor any character because of their violent tendencies. Are there any good sides? Perhaps the scenes of the fight are well choreographed and recorded, but rarely I am impressed by slow action, certainly not when it is a fight while the point is that the handling is sufficiently excited. Has some funny, if not real moments. Voodo's way to school gave me a smile. But a few slightly funny moments hardly compensate for two hours of complete factory slag. If you are British, avoid that plague if you do not continue to develop misconceptions about the scene if you do not know. If you are Americans, you can enjoy it because it is clearly adapted to the market. But nobody can deny that the action is weak, predictable and eventually over the top.
