Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Huligani is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and premise that anyone who lives in England on a football game or knows that it will immediately be noticeable that football will immediately notice football. My first major fight against hooligans is the poor throw of the two main characters. Do not misunderstand me, I like Elijah Vood and I have great respect for his work, but despite his greatest efforts, he struggled to withdraw this role. The main motive for his character is the rage of the system and anger at betrayal, but he spent a lot of time calmly and cheerfully, only showing his hidden aggression in one short scene towards the end of the film. It is related to his appearance and appearance, which makes him a totally inconsequential addition to the gang of football hooligans. At no point in the film, I was not convinced that: a) it can deal with the fight against such thieves; and b) that a "strong" band of bandits would accept such a person into their own ranks. Another main character is Charlie Hunnam. Charlie is watching the role, and is pretty convincing as a bandit. Unfortunately, since he was born in Nevada, After Tinea in the north of England, he shows the worst accent of East London since Dick Van Dike tried to go to Marri Poppins. Details like this will probably not bother the American audience that will be less adapted to the regional dialect in the UK, but that from the UK this was a problem that I could not ignore and this contributed to the destruction of the film for me. All those who supported the band gave convincing performances and were well-chosen, especially the role of Bover. The guy who played this character would have been much more appropriate to the main role Charlie played. With this kind of movie you must convince the audience that your characters are convincing, unfortunately, the casting has failed. Imagine that you made a movie like Kuma and that Sean Haies (Jack) from Villa and Grace played the role of Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. The story in Huligan is also full of incredibility. I'm not a football hooligan, but I'm a fanatic football fan. I know how many of the "regular" football fans can be, because it is considered impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club concerned, not in the area in question, and even English citizenship should be accepted by a "firm" that is in some difficult It equals cases with a secret organization. My last, and biggest problem with this movie is the way the football hooligans are showing. I admire the idea of ​​a film that, despite being very violent individuals, hooligans apologize for living in a kind of code of ethics in their own world and should admire them for being brave and loyal to each other. This is total nonsense. Football hooligans are a complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, intimidate and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give the whole game and the people of this country a bad reputation. They are not brave and loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If 'GSE' in this movie really loved his club, West Ham, why would he dedicate his lives to be a stain on his name. Hooligans are a disgrace to football and to English society. Football hooligans are working on the reputation of football that Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans. Although this film is trying / intended to show the "raw" side of football violence. It does nothing more than promote it as some sort of justifiable activity for extreme sports enthusiasts. This does not show poor poor inmates at soccer games that destroyed an idiot who threw coins / lighters / glass in a crowd their day. It does not show innocent landowners and property that must suffer from graffiti and broken windows. This does not show that true fans of football clubs suffer from humiliation and embarrassment when fans forbid them to travel to games or abroad for European games, as robbers destroy them for everything. If you want to see a good movie on violence in football, see the BBC drama 'Firma'.
