This is one of those movies that you want to spend on the time you spent watching back, and then some, like the time you accidentally spent on it, the time you spent on the video store, etc. First, look: grain, small budget. Now this does not mean a bad movie in itself. But the way it's filmed makes the action look unnatural, so it's somehow hindered. Then, the story. 3 girls go to the boy's weekend. Of course, like everyone else, when they go camping, they stop receiving earrings. When they reach the area where they will remain, they are drawn by Mr. Ranger Sir, who harasses them for throwing a cigarette from a car in the fire season and then driving them where they are going. (remote cab). Of course, the 2 "cute guy" wander in their vicinity, and Bambi (yes, Bambi) and Aubri are immediately hit, but apparently Bambi is hit by anything with two legs. Madi was pretty disappointed with this development because she was looking forward to the weekend to forget her ex - girlfriend by getting her face and stoning with her friends. Oh, and I almost forgot, there is an evil old shepherd living in this way, it may be someone with whom it is not complicated, and the area and cabin in which they reside have some kind of "reputation". So, of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, LATER later), some of our visitors from the weekend begin to die and find various traps (although several of them really hit slightly less than this) and, of course, the rest The campers are understandably upset. Of course, there is no cell phone reception (who would miss the opportunity to check your mobile phone for reception in the movie?). Mr. Ranger is constantly appearing in strange times, and his behavior seems a bit strange, but he said he would get help. There is a fantastic reversal in that you simply do not want to miss out. , if you're still awake. Pray to wake up on an empty screen. The performance in this is terrible, the production values ​​are terrible, and the whole venture is just lame and it seems to me that this has even been published. Avoid at all costs, 1 out of 10.
