This game has (un) honor to be the first game in which I stopped playing just in the middle and I felt like breaking in the bits and then burning. Congratulations. The first and last Tomb Raider I'll ever play. I assure you. It's gone. Nor is there a character development. Finally, we have a heroine who can take care of herself, which is not * loud * mari-sue, but unfortunately dresses like a slut, and her breasts are huge. They had to attract the sexist players you see. After all, everything it does is go to the tomb after the shooting of the tomb while going on. Why it does, I have no idea. I had subtitles and so on. as far as I could be loud and I still did not understand anything. The development (or lack of it) for her, her two friends and * villains * were ridiculous. There will also be levels through which you have to pass - do not give you any advice on what to do next and you will literally be in the most boring as hell of the TIME TROUSES trying to figure out what the hell you should be doing. There is one course (two) especially with her on a motorcycle (Believe me that it's not at all fun) that you will be at ATLEASE HOUR without any rescue points in sight. This means that you will be hit by another driver, and the guys in the van that shoot at you or hit the tree that you start for hours. Boss Stupid F * ck: You know it allows the levels to be very long, have no points of savings, no story, no character development, no diversity in playing, they have the largest part of music at the longest ear levels, and do not give any indication to the player so they can stay even longer Stupid F * ck ones: They sound like they are banging ideas. Stupid F * ck two: I agree. Who needs the development of a character, complicated or embarrassing game. Todd: I'm sorry, sir, but these ideas seem to get out of the player. <br /> <br /> Boss Stupid F * ck: Shut up Todd. You're fired. Game-Game: All it does is to shoot. Of course, she can turn around while SHOOTING, jumping while shooting, or shots while SHOOTING again. But flipping, jumping, and hitting does not erase the fact that everything she does in the end is SHOOTING. BORING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Music: Intro music is extremely beautiful. I love to listen to him. Music in the game goes from tolerable to desirable to cut off. Visual images: Bearing in mind that this game was made in 2006, I expected that visual images would delight me. Not in a good way. The bottom line: This game is unplanned, with no character developmental mess with barely trained unmarisuish (THANKFULLI) young women who lead through boring tombs for some boring reason (what I could tell you) with inconceivable shooting. BE FURTHER FROM THIS B.S. !!!!!!!! Two stars get for women who are not girls in trouble (no matter how much she would be modestly dressed) and beautiful in music.
