'A Smile Like Iours' is a pathetic comedy that does not really make sense. I do not think the story was complicated, but the entire action is based on one thing: desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts to conceive children. People who have difficulty trying to do this have forgotten about the option of adoption, to which this film is not polite. Loren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction to anything offered by the women's liberation movement, with no sense of independence. She is a rather boring personality as a dreamer with absolutely nothing else, but she has children. As a stupid romantic comedy from the 50s, Greg Kinnear is her husband who also shows no personality, independence, and of us, without interest. They are two of the most painful and often annoying characters, and It's hardly a topic of comedy that should be presented with many accidents, which should come from the couple who are doing everything they can to get pregnant. In addition, they do not really do anything but go to the fertility clinic and put out a lot of money to do what they could in private life (except for this number of in vitro fertilization). The action barely allows any accidents, because, well, the couple does nothing to create any bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. What is that? Subplots are intended to examine the loyalty of a couple, a necessary moral element of the story, because the couple plans to build together children. Jennifer works in a new store with her friend (played by Joan Cusack), and they are in the business of developing aphrodesiacs. Christopher McDonald plays an interested buyer, and Jennifer is a promising negotiator of a fairly favorable price for her and her friendly product. Subplot barely offers a lot to interest you (though Joan Cusak is quite fun at the restaurant scene). Danni (Kinear) is an architect who finds the opportunity to earn extra money to cover money. Clinical bills, engaging in a business in Seattle, where his boss is a rough jealousy (also another hopeless, helpless female character) who is trying to influence Dannie (stupid like he) has an affair with her when things are fit with him and his wife (for reasons I do not want to give). Jill Hennesi is good in that role, but her character is too predictable, and too formulated as a very necessary element to create a conflict for Danny. It's stupid and once again, barely interesting. The whole film is quite boring and it's not ridiculous at all (save the scene in a restaurant and flight by plane). The action does not offer anything that really attracts attention. Even if the story was entirely about two people trying to get started, the writers could understand a few hasty incidents to develop from it. Secondly, the main characters are completely boring. These are complete silhouettes of stupid comedies from the 1950s with a happy woman and uninvited husband. So, even without the accidents that are present in the plot, the characters themselves offer nothing interesting, let alone ridiculous. Joan Cusack was supposed to be at the helm and someone else should have taken Kinnear. Čušak would even make a bad story unusually funny (as he sometimes does in his main role). This is definitely one that will miss.
