Let's start by saying that I did not watch this high-expecting film for the first time. It was recommended by a friend with a central taste in movies, and "MTV" was glued to the cover page so I did not expect much. What I expected was a tear-off, too dramatic, but at least effective. I made a mistake. First, let me start from never reading the book or watching any other version of the movie. Acting was my main sadness movie. God is disgusting. The main girl is quite central, but in comparison with the rest of the actress she is Maril Streep. The main "Hero", Heath, is simply terrible. He can sing the decent sounds of the cliché, but that's all. His acting smashed the 'sad' moments by being so bad at the points that I was just scared. And the Isabel girl was pretty brave, and the brother was just a flat-faced character played by an actor who could not show emotions. And when he tried, he broke down poorly. Neil Patrick Harris was the only decent actor, playing Edward, although it was obvious that the course was bad because even he did not complete what I saw. Oh, and my father was not at all bad in my memory, but he was in the movie so little time that I can not think of it. The story itself was not very good. More breaks than you can imagine. Predictable story (To the end, which I hardly understood). EXTRAORDINARY single characters without any depth to them ... All in all, it's simply not interesting or unusual, nothing we've never seen before done much better, and nothing worth watching here. End is the assumption of being a tear gas. None of this was done. The end is not built at all, it is almost felt like a later thought. In fact, I had to ask my friends WHY the end actually happened, when they explained to me that I had to look at the face "Wait, when did they say that?" Never a good sign. The editing was probably the worst I've ever seen, although it's clear to me that fade-ins-fade-outs are made because this was originally made for TV, but that's no excuse. All in all, the film is just garbage. I am a sensitive man, I cried during two episodes of the Sympson. I've never cried for this shit, not even close. Indeed, this film is not worth your time. If you really want to look at the other one.
