As a fan of science fiction films, I was aware of the Matrix since its release in 1999. From what I would allow people to talk to me about, I assumed it was very original and sophisticated. I am also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I could never understand how I missed Matrick when he was released. With the upcoming release of The Matrik Reloaded, it's time to buy a DVD and watch it. The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device, unlike the film) was smart. The philosophical premise about parallel worlds, alternative realities is ignored. However, I could still buy a movie, as a science-fantastic, if it remained firmly in that genre. Unfortunately, this has turned into a standard, "whether or not they will escape, break through, save those who need salvation, etc." To make things worse, it turned out to be another martial art. The problem is that films of science fiction and martial arts are really two different types. For the purest, devotee of one or the other, the mixing of the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with a romantic. You can have one or the other, but not in the same movie, or at least not equally in the same movie. If there were such problems with the Matrix, Matrik Reloaded really complicates the problems. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or a long-running car race. (This observation neglects the question posed in every professional, negative review of the film: If Neo could do the thing with Superman, why fight at all? The answer, of course, is that it attracts a young, male demographic group to the Theater.) Then there is also the aspect of "redemption through love". This device was exhausted by Richard Wagner more than a hundred years ago. In fact, he better led him to the Die Gotterdammerung. Well, where does it leave those who have seen Matrix Reloaded. Martial arts fans probably wandered through a banal but mysterious sci-fi philosophy. Fiction fans are wondering why they are sitting through a kung-fun fest. Most of the men in the audience, where they probably bored the stupid romantic aspect of the movie. Just what you should get for your money when you see movies Matrix franchise: Science fiction, martial arts war, or soap opera? Few of each of them does not do much more than either of them, or a satisfying movie for each of them.
