The "Matrix" was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic, but also strangely provoking the thought in its "Twilight Zone" mode. The general rule applies here, and this sequel does not coincide with its predecessor. Worse yet, it can not even be compared to it. "Reloaded" explodes to the screen in the most unprofessional way. The first few seconds the first impression is generally good, because the Trinity is recorded in a dream. Immediately after that, they are diving After the catastrophic first 45 minutes, he gradually gets on for ahu when they enter Matrix and the Battle of Agent Smith takes place, but she loses speed when she reaches a 14-minute series for car hunt and is even more aggravated at the big turn in the end. The worst of all is the over-ridden Zion Rave scene. that there is absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but it is also a pathetic excuse for pornography and depressive dance music. The "Matrix" aspect was a good addition, but in "Reloaded" they exaggerated to look bored. In the first there were interesting coils, but here it's too linear to be interesting. The film is basically just a series of stylistic diversions that prevent us from realizing how empty it is. It works on the wrong principle that the bigger the better. The Matrix franchise seems to be quickly downgraded to special effects that are left in trouble, which have other franchises such as Star Wars. The action standard is generally poor. The best character, of course, goes to 'Agent Smith' Hugo Veaving - the only one that's a little more interesting. Keanu Reeves is definitive Neo, but in all special effects, there's little room to make a big impact. Nominee Oscar winner Laurence Fishburne was reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. Part of Carrie Ann Moss could have been much better than any other actress. Poor film, 'The Matrik Reloaded' is a disappointment. Those who did not like the first, probably will not agree to it. This is just for the fans. Even in the sub-genre of the special effects film (Minoriti Report, The Matrix, etc.) This is still pretty bad. My IMDb Score: 4.5 / 10.
