One would expect a movie to be filmed with approx. The budget of 300,000,000 U $ D should at least entertain you for the time you spend in the movie watching it. "Matrix Reloaded" misrepresents this assumption. The "Matrix" functioned better, despite having had obvious holes in terms of the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain to me why the beating of the bot (aka agent) in the simulation (aka martik) would in any way harm the computer program ... Unfortunately, the brothers Vachovski made an excellent The way this "agent-bashing" is the main thing in "Matrix Reloaded": it's a victory-of-a-ram. These combat scenes may be sufficient (or even cool) in 5 seconds. trailer, but extended for several minutes, apparently fake, choreographed badly and repeated over and over again, is nothing more than boring. Despite watching the promised spectacular stops, there is nothing more than a simple, low-quality, unimaginable cherry that has already been seen (or, to put it more) in, for example, Van Damme 'movies'. The difference in postproduction (the etheric thing is 5 times faster, the camera floats a lot and freezes in certain scenes, and this repeats for at least 5 minutes) does not help here, it has nothing to do with the meaning itself. "martial arts". In addition to these 'struggles', all actors refuse to do what they pay: acting. What happens apart from combat scenes? It's a little apart from Hollywood routine. This oh-so-multicultural crowd of hippies sucked in by Vatervorld is being recycled as citizens of "Siona" (the last city on earth), and according to Morpheus's orders they start dancing, because this is a good opportunity to show a lot of barely covered teats and asses. Oh-so popular clichés of frogs of famous French people who are talking with this "is not sais kuoi" with a dumb accent, who consumes his fortune because of "liason d'amour" is boldly served. To follow this (and unwanted funny) is the struggle between Neo and the evil followers of the 'frogs', as this happens in Erroi Flinn, as a lucky man, with luck with a lot of blinding weapons for decoration. For Neo posing with a hook, just add 2 steps and a lot of statues (to destroy, throw over the evil guys, and the like) and get 5 more meaningless, boring mines. this garbage. What is left to be expected? A common commercial hell. And the "revolution" that will happen or not - surely without me.
