The first Matrix film was booming with incredible character development, witty dialogue and action scenes that were held alongside the storyline. These elements - along with the incredible special effects of the days - represented a magical drive that kept you uncertain all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its extension, Revolution). The problem here is not the special effects or sequences of struggle, as some can be discussed; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first film and pulled them out as trumpets of trunks. The connection first established between viewers and characters on the screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. Namely, Morphine was developed as a charismatic, philosophical figure with an insight that far exceeds anyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded - we are presented with a different Morphine that stands firm and hollow, a one-layer film that is in contrast to the character we developed in the first film. This character simply did not feel the same, and this can be said for the auxiliary characters in the film. Removing the 'thin' was also a disappointment. Tank participation in the first film was minimal at best, but he played this role extremely well. In Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the event in the first movie, and Jar Jar Binks replaces him with a duel that can not save his life (think of a staggered box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance allowed me to laugh, and for most of his speech dialogue there was no time. There was a huge feeling that he tried too hard to pass on his emotions on the screen or the delivery in the script was turned off; In both cases, the experience was witty! Sometimes I felt confused about the actor ... Even Neo's God personality was doubtful during most of the combat sequences. The street battle with 200 clones of Smith agent was certainly overstated. It is necessary to ask, for a man so gifted as Neo - to even spend his time engaging in such a barren, fierce battle when more urgent things arise (especially when considering his ability to fly or his ungodly ability to bend Matrix). surely Neo could send clones faster and more efficiently. Again, such procedures are suitable for a script that prevents consistency, and scenes created as filling that prevent us from feeling gypsy. In the joke, our expectations of the characters in the first movie are immediately rejected. Unfortunately, for those who are expecting more than that - you will surely get away from the feeling that you are seriously disappointed. However, if you take Reloaded as a standard, mobile movie and forget the incredible inconsistency of the story and the unwinding of the already established character development from the first movie, you should leave a sense of satisfaction.
