I tried to remove anything that could be considered a spoiler. I suppose you saw the first movie or at least know the general essence, so if you do not have any of it, it may not make sense. Plot: This film wins the audience head with tired philosophical shells over and over again in an attempt to convert the topic. Again, we are bombarding questions of purpose, fate and choice, and forced to endure the long, tedious sessions that contain them. Neo, awakened from sleep in the last movie, now begins a period of awareness of his own existence. There is a lot of discovery in this movie, which will be unclear, so it will not look like spoilers. * If you are still worried, vague references will spoil the movie, read the paragraph below. * Revealed strength and weakness of faith. The strengths and weaknesses of love and its temporary nature are also revealed. It also reveals the interdependence of people and technology and our faith in technology. The importance of choice and experience is revealed. Explaining further revealed things would go into too much detail, and I will refrain (as the guidelines for writing comments are being asked). Btv, after the "discovered" I think pounded through our ears and eyes like a nail. Story: So how does Neo and the gang get from the end of the last movie to the beginning of the next? In short, they hold faith, and use and abuse the overly stylized action and the time of the bullet as if they were getting out of style (and after this display, I hope that movie lovers and creators learn a bit about subtlety and originality more). More about it later. Not to spoil anything, I will say nothing more than the promotional material has already done: Neo is still trying to discover the Matrix, and he seeks answers while trying to save people, and Zion, as long as the hunters move behind him and his cohorts. The film largely retains where the last one stood. Action: While the martial arts and pistol sweeps its predecessor into somewhat equal parts, this film focuses much more on martial arts than on playing, adding swords, sais, and so on. Special effects are so often used and waved on the face of the audience that it really gets tired. I talked about this film with my friends and colleagues, and almost everyone has discovered that some of the action sequences - especially the "Smith fight" that we all heard to be in the movie - will be too long and tedious. This is a huge red flag for action lovers, because the end of the action sequence should or leave you a little more, or completely satisfied with the incredibility that just happened. These scenes of fighting do not. They are pre-styled, over-the-top sequences that are woody and uninspired. In the first film, there was a real feeling of despair for some action, the feeling that the struggle for survival, not only looks good (which I honestly do not think is succeeding in Reloaded) in black and leather. Go to watch drunken masters or iron monkeys after this movie to remind you of what good combat sequences are - you will not regret. In addition, the "Matrix Capabilities" people have in Reloaded is not consistent, and what they actually do is not consistent. The first film had its inconsistencies here, but it was not too obvious - unlike Reloaded. Special effects are pumped and include still and further. Every little thing anyone does, whether it's just jumping, rolling, turning, and in many cases just posing, is slow-excited, time-limited, or over-emphasized by some kind of destruction. Obviously, V Bros had a lot of money to throw on this movie, and the boy threw it, without any restraint. Shrewd editors could really help, but the first film was such an impression that free rule was obviously given, which leads us to that. . Character and dialogue: I have said more or less that the dialogue was tired and full of philosophical numbness. Actors can not really bring much depth to their character when the script and direction push the face of the progressive viewer or ignore it. At no time does the audience get the nuance and essence so that they can think of the character on their own. Keanu's acting performance is at best stubborn. Keanu behaves confusedly and that's all she does in this movie. He makes a decent attempt to show the passion between Neo and the Trinity, but it falls flat. Lawrence tries Morpheus all from Moses to Henry V, and be as cool as a cat. With the script at his disposal, he makes a noble attempt, but he also falls. Mah is not even very persuasive. Her concern is always the same, similar to Keanu's, and chemistry is not there, although in their physical scenes they do it well. Hugo once again brought a strange feeling that the program agent, but he also suffered from the hand of the script. In fact, I consider him the most interesting character of the pile, but instead of developing it, they only make it a show for a huge, drawn battle scene. All in all, this film is disappointing if you had good expectations, and alone, as a standalone movie (which should not be filmed), it's still terrible. I do not see the matrix as deep, but at least I see it as a pleasant scifi romp that has some interesting ideas, good action, a few ridiculous lines and enough restrained symbolism and fabrication to entertain a careful one. Reloaded does not work at all these points, and I really hope that V Bros will give us a better experience in the third war show. Of course, I do not have much hope for this after this movie.
