They also followed the engines of this and the Matrix. The original Matrix I liked very much. It was not a deep movie, despite Fishburne's attempts to philosophize, but it was pretty good pace, fun, and I have a soft spot for fighting in Hong Kong. In the original, Neo was the secret life of the pretty unfortunate Cuban worker Anderson. After a day, a corporate dron, and at night, a brave hacker. In the end, in the end, he is finally forced to choose between these lives by his actions - whether he has become a rebel who is fighting the machine, or returns to a safe, oblivious world in which he began. Interestingly, he discovers that it is one of the sharp illusions. life is bullshit. He has his girlfriend next to himself and his friends, but he eats processed milling, dresses in sweat, and lives in a really slim machine. Still, the truth frees him. At least part of the entertainment of this first film lies in the questions "what if I am" that are set in the mind of the observer. What if they were capable of impossible? What if I am "One". It does not even matter how much you are One of the examples, with such a cool title. Next, Agent Smith made a beautiful bad guy, since he embodied all the fear of authority we carry with us. He was unstoppable as a terminator, and as merciless. At the end of the Matrix, Neo must return to the Matrix to share his good news of freedom. This movie fails to fully fulfill the idea of ​​the original film, and it does so with such a lack of enjoyment, so bad writing scenarios and so poor montage that I can not believe they planned these changes. When there is a fifth-level dialogue, with various long words that are accidentally thrown out, it's hard for me to believe that they understand what they say. My short list of defects in characterization: Oracle goes from mild help, if it is deceptive to completely obstructionists for no real reason. The main "personality" matrices are introduced without need - keimaster, for example, was a sweet idea, but not a very interesting figure. Fishburne loses the role of "advisor" and does not get anything to replace it. The people of Sion are not particularly nice, nor would you really want to rule the world. Special effects problems: The fighting scenes are meaningless and can be interrupted. In the Matrix, you felt that Neo could lose, and that he had to become something bigger to survive. In "The Matrik Reloaded", he is just a characteristic view of a particularly badly planned video game. The fight on the highway looked pretty fake, and not so interesting. Pacing As I mentioned above, the fighting scenes were infinite. Rave took too long - everyone in my theater watched my watch. Not because we are thinking about good dancing and good orgies, but because we did not know about the people in the picture, we do not care either. Anything hacked by a creative monologue should be put on a blacklist. It was bubbling, using words that the scriptwriter apparently did not understand, and that was a waste of time and a pacing killer. The creator's speech could have been done for a tenth of the time, and with more danger that "Sion exists for rebels to get the place to go so that they do not destroy the Matrix. Now there are too many people who do not believe; the matrix is ​​furthermore, the country can not support people at Sion, let alone these others, and you can choose one person from Zion to form a new Sion, while I delete the memories of people currently in the Matrix. "Instead, we got a long, drawn bunch of dumbbells." If someone claims to be deeply, ask for the transcript and try to break the sentences. Each one of them They are too long after several clauses and use words with clearer, shorter synonyms. So, in summary, it's not worth seeing. I've seen the third, and despite everything that many Reviewers say, skip it. It does not save this party. Reviewers who consider that the second and third films were "deep" should see some really deep films. Maybe you read a book or two about rhetoric and debate , and perhaps a little philosophy. This movie is simply not difficult to understand, but it's hard to shoot. Scott
