You can watch a little half-soap, but hard-hitting. Still, two or three funny moments. What amazes me is that McNicol is slippery and morally very questionable. She plays the wrong (a problem with her legs), but she is not only not "ugly duck" that men avoid, but even a man eating a man - and we need to feel for her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with a leg problem ... Poor little McNicol?! She constantly receives passes from men, and even throws them away without blinking! On one occasion she even had a pretense of a night blue platter affair, and then she told her recently found French girlfriend that she was quite non-humid, saying that he needed time to get an erection! It makes us look at the viewers who are so aware of the leg if every man wants to puff it out. Well, almost every guy; the only guy who really rejected her after seeing her foot wrapped in metal was the guy who worked on the phone. But otherwise she seems to be acting well with men! Without shyness, without the lack of success in men, she dismisses them as toys; the way she was dismissed by Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little girl with disabilities? I do not think so. Still, we need to believe that this woman has a big problem of trust; from there the scene in which he prepares to play a flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw notes on the ground from the nervousness. Nervousness ?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that would suggest that there are problems with trust, so this scene is flushy absurd and does not fit into a wider picture. I also was surprised how quickly and eagerly McNicol was getting along with a French woman who was fucking a married man. On the surface, the film would look like a "sentimental story of the struggle of a mutilated woman to accept" (or something like that), but it's not at all that; the writer obviously moves between this type of film and the "screw all that starts - this is a movie from the 80s" - very confusing. As for her legs: it's not like having a big, thick purple balloon that grows on her calf muscle. It has a "only" normal metal prosthetics attached to the lower leg, so I really do not understand why filmmakers try to look like a female Kuasimodo or something similar, the beginning of a movie. Not that she has a double head that comes out of her door! Although McNicol is hardly the main catch. The type cutish, but nothing special, quite average. But what the hell was Carradine playing some kind of (relatively) slick guy flirting with McNicol and her friend ?! This guy was in "Revenge Rehab"! But I suppose the same thing with Carradines in movies as Kennedy's case in politics: no matter how ugly, incompetent or stupid, all the doors are open to career in movies and politics. > Down with nepotism. If you want to read fake biographies about Carradins and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, contact me by email.
