Another double noir on one disc of Varner Home Video and much better than two films is RKO's Wonderful Thriller from 1950, "Vhere Danger Loves". This is an unforgettable classic with great acting in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Crispli photographed in black and white by Nicholas Musurac, was strictly directed by John Farrow. "Vhere Danger Lives" is a great example of the noir style of the image making and will always be remembered for its stylish design that was Hollywood's past - (See my complete review). Unfortunately, none above the praise can be applied to another movie on the disc, the Smooth MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! He wrote badly (Allen Rivkin) and was directed by John Berry. The unimaginable relationship between a mild and disgraced pharmacist - who was imploded by Richard Baseheart - and his obviously hairy wife (subject to Audrey Totter) is incredibly incredible and inconclusive (as they have ever gathered in the first place, whatever is presumed). Then, when he "does not surprise", get into one of her friends (Lloyd Gough), our plain pharmacist, instead of being euphoric, and for a month with his new fortune, seized the vengeance and tried to kill Gough, but in the last moment of the chicken. The guy was killed anyway and our pharmacist was immediately suspected by Detective Barry Sullivan for the murders. Who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really do not care because everything is so badly executed and made funny by the director Berrie. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​pacing, and he is not able to inject even a crunch of style into the matter. There is nothing you could put in front of the camera that will keep you from kissing! The only tension contained in this film is in a rubber band that stretches to its limit and records Barry Sullivan's fingers while giving an introduction to opening the film. So much for that! Worst Effort! The best thing about this party is the smooth monochrome cinema of the great Harri Stradling, the effective result of the young Andre Previna and the early dramatic performance of the beautiful Cid Charisse before she found her shoes for dancing. Hey! - Maybe she could have saved the picture so she gave us a couple of steps and a couple of pirouettes! HUH? In his favor, however, there are a bunch of add-ons that are involved and that can boast trailers, comments and occasions for both films. But the disc is worth paying for RKO Mitchum classic!
