"Geisha Memoirs" is a visually stunning melodrama that looks more like a camp, pulls a queen satire than anything with real people. The first half of the film defensively insists that neither geisha nor prostitutes or concubines, that they are the embodiment of traditional Japanese beauty. But apart from one captivating breath, the rest of the film degenerates into "Pretty Baby" in Storiville, or at least Vashhti and Esther in Purim's story, because all female efforts in art and skill are much more entertaining, much older, drunken brave men. Perhaps it is prostituted Japanese culture, and not just American dolls after World War II. Maybe it's an effort to speak English, but Ziii Zhang shows just a bit of the big noise demonstrated in the "Flying Dagger (Shi Mian Mai Fu)" and "Hero (Iing Kiong)". Michelle Ieoh occasionally gets the opportunity to project her convincing performance in the "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" (Vo hu cang long). Only Li Gong shows real life. Otherwise, I've always imagined Charles Ludlah in various roles, or even Cillian Murphi, as in the Kabuki theater, especially as the plot enters the battle of cats after the fight against cats. The presumptive love story has zero chemistry, mainly because of differences in years, and I was mostly sorry about Ken Watanabe and hoped that his Hollywood check would pay for his loss of dignity as a mysterious "president." I remember more emotions in "Portrait of Jennie", while the young girl is impatient to grow up in Jennifer Jones to satisfy Joseph Cotton. We see a brief look at reality when geeks pose with ordinary women as photographers Ziii Zhang lives in war years in a very colorful kimono dying operation. The finale has little sense of normality. The result includes many traditional melodies cut out with Io I Ma violin and violin Iitzhack Pearlman instead of traditional instrumentation, which are beautiful to listen to, accompanied by great cinema, until completely ignored the plot and stiff acting. As my mind wandered, I wondered how big Japanese directors of Samurai films would deal with this story, which would probably have been more formal, but much more emotive.
