The problem with the book "Memoirs of the Geisha" is that it had Japanese surfaces, but below the surface it was a way of thinking an American man. Reading the book is like watching a magnificent ballet with great music, sets and costumes still performed by rats dressed in those costumes, so far away from the Japanese way of thinking. Film is not It is about Japan or true geisha. This is a story about the wrong ideas of several American men about Japan and geysers that are filtered through their ignorance and delusions. So what's this movie if it's not Japan or geisha? Is it a pure fantasy as many people have said? Yes, but why would he become an American fantasy? There were so many missed occasions. Imagine a culture where there are no Puritan scammers, no connotation of sex sin. Sex is natural and normal. How is sex in this movie? Right. It was as if it was dirty. The closest scene of sex in the film is that Saiuri loomed in the nose and mantle of disgust for five seconds as if the man who tried to approach her lowered a handful of cockroaches to her crotch. Anyone really enjoy sex in this movie? Nope. One character is said to be promiscuous, but all we see is that she pushes her lover because she does not seem to want to be caught doing something dirty. Such a typical American puritanism has no place in the film about Japanese geisha. Was Saiuri enjoying his first enthusiasm by an old coder after her cherry was auctioned? Nope. It's lying there like a cold plate of meat on a cutting block. Of course, you should not enjoy it. And that's what I think about this movie. Why did not they give her something to enjoy? Why should all sex be sinful and wrong? Behind Mamehe's president was the Saiuri secret patron, and as such he was behind the auction of his innocence. He could organize an auction and win himself. Nobu did not even make an offer. Why did the president then allow that old codger to win and, staring at the old man's stink, put his fingers on her naked body? Would any woman ever really forgive a man for that? Try to think of this. Since behind Mamehe, the president assigned Saiuri to train geisha. To compensate his debts, the President sold Saiuria to Dr. Crab. Through Mamehe, the president sold Saiuri sexual services to the old gezezer, so the president could earn some money from her. The chairman was not her patron. He was her macro! Let a romantic love story. Yes, the film is gorgeous, but it's like the beauty of a very attractive, attractive transvestite whose voice, looks and every touch are exciting. But under this very feminine surface lies an evil secret. Under the incorrectly depicted Japanese film surface, there is a vicious secret that the heart, soul, spirit and core of this film are completely American and male. It's not the best thing if you're trying to be different from lies, distortion and terribly wrong. Some contrasts between Japan and MOAG: Japanese style? Sophisticated, elegant simplicity. MOAG stile ?? Beijing Opera. Japanese geisha ?? Her hair got caught. MOAG geisha ?? The broken hair that has surely become gunked in a thick trail of white makeup. Japanese shaved ice - Japanese are quite strict according to seasonal rituals. Shaved ice is a strict summer cake. MOAG shaved ice - The president buys Chiio, a young Saiuri who plays the wonderful Suzuka Ohgo, this delicacy during a cherry blossom. The thought made my entire body tremble from the cold. Japanese geisha? Trained and dressed entertainers. MOAG geisha - whores. Japanese wind bell - Used during the flight because of the sound that makes, thanks to the breeze, the Japanese feel somewhat colder. MOAG vind chime - the doorbell! If someone were standing in front of the house and making noise with the bell of the wind, they would be considered a crazy, not an entrance. <br /> <strong> Japan ?? Emphasis on human relations, group oriented. MOAG ?? "I want life that is mine" American individualism. Japanese traditional dance ?? Refined elegance. Almost geometric and mechanical precision. MOAG dance ?? Martha Graham went crazy on LSD while wearing a not-so-lucky white Japanese funeral cover. Runs a geisha down the ramp at a place that looks like a strip club? Hahaha! Is the strip club the most explored geisha? Japanese house fire ?? Setting up or even firing a fire is worse than murder because it represents such a serious threat to the community. Fire can break through these wooden villages, towns and cities by destroying hundreds or thousands of homes and killing as many people as possible. MOAG house fire - A great addition to the battle scene, but it has zero branching and because no fire outside control is needed anymore. Technically, the film has ended here because at least Saiuri would be outcast and join her sister among those who no longer heard. And here Arthur Golden and Rob Marshall should be expelled. Enough. The film smells.
