Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already been turned into a rather successful film in 1978. A few years later, another bestseller came Robin Cooka to receive treatment on a large screen, but in the case of "Sphink" practically all this could go wrong. This is a horrible adventure consisting of wooden performances, stupid dialogue, incredible characters and lead pacing. The only reason he avoided the 1-to-10 rating is that the Egyptian background provides infinitely more fascination than the story itself. It is hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "Planet of the Apes") is the director behind this debacle. Beautiful Egyptian Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Dovn) is on a working holiday. in Cairo, when he stumbles on the antique store of Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi gets acquainted with Eric and is impressed with her enthusiasm and knowledge. Accordingly, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharo Seta I, which she secretly holds in her shop. The mere existence of the statue provokes a strong excitement in Erica, as it could provide vital traces in locating Sets and the long-lost tomb, the rewards equal to the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. killed in his shop, and Erica watched in silent terror as he met his terrible end. I'm afraid I'm still tantalized by what he saw, Eric tries to find treasure. In her search she helped and hindered various other parties, none of which is truly reliable. One is Ivon (Maurice Ronet), a seeming friend, but perhaps a man with malicious hidden motives? Then there is Akhmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but who may also hide her from dangerous secrets. The biggest problems with the "Sphinx" are mostly the result of its overall problem. neglect of conviction. Do not be less convincing as a female Egyptolog? It is assumed that she would be pretty well educated and resourceful, but the entire film is carrying helplessly screaming like some bimbo bite from a teenage movie. On those rare occasions that she does not actually run away from a potential villain, she does another brainless thing like taking a Polaroid flash photo in a tomb of the age of 4000 years! Craft turns are the hardest, mostly consisting of discoveries and double crossings that can be predicted in advance. It can not even try to enjoy a movie at the level of stupid but entertaining action actions, because the pace is terribly sluggish. The little action can be found separated by long efforts. The famous magazine of the film has declared: "The Sphinx smells!" Never before has a two-way movie been so precisely summarized in two words.
