This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just coming. The story relates to the imaginary true and hidden tombs in the Valley of Kings, King Seti I, the second Pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, the period of the New Kingdom. It's not a bad yarn, and much of the movie is filmed on the site. Even scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor are really shot there, not in the studio. The unit of the second unit is infinite and must have been released to Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a side line. The film was essentially ruined by one of the world's most devastating actresses, Leslie Anne Downe, who plays the lead role. The whole film is being carried out wondering what it looks like, if its blue eyes shine with light at the right angle, whether all the guys are lusting for it, etc. ? It embodies everything that is most disturbing in terms of women's vanity and murky nonsense. And I think this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won the Oscar for 'Patton'! He allows this terrible actress to whine and stink through the film, hysterical moment, flirting next, in some kind of hurricane idiocy as she turns from one man to another, or screaming or making eyes for the bedroom, it does not matter. He should be a young Egyptologist. But she was never in Egypt! She took a taxi to Giza and grabbed her first look at the pyramids, struck ecstasy: "But they are so GREAT !!!!" Barf! All right, that was a script, but she is too glad to deal with banality, leaving the impression that this is her natural element, which I do not doubt for a minute. Elements of the stories are sound. There really is a serious problem about the black market in antiques. The truth! Good work! Roman Robin Cooka, whom I did not see, may be fine for everything I know. It was fun to see Siril Svern's name as a soundtrack on a movie, as I already knew it very well. Stanley Kubrick's daughter, Katarina, is described as a "drawing". I wonder what this means? Maybe she did a certain job. In any case, the antiquities in the movie are pretty good. We see many museums in Cairo and many picturesque locations. They actually enter the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not think it would be allowed today for a movie. Many inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. That would not have gone well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. Music for the movie is absolutely horrible, worse than Lesley Anne Dovn! But there were also elements of sound bands that were surprisingly authentic, and one was the cacophony of traffic noise in Cairo, which was accurately depicted in the background, and would make anyone who cairo nervously cries. Also, calls to the speakers on prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they get this right? It could have been good.
