I agree with most of the comments I wrote. I grew up watching Sesame Street before many people who wrote comments were even born. I was born in 1964, so I was a 5 year old when Seseme Street was introduced on television. The performance taught me my counts (counts), spelling (Muppet), and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in some way, but in order to make Cookie Monster a "veggie monster" to promote healthy nutrition. The show has presented new characters and monsters from the very beginning, why not make a special "veggie monster" that talks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with the Cookie Monster. But, go back to my position. I grew up looking at the beginning of Sesame Street, my current 20-year-old daughter grew up watching SS with me next to her, and we talked about g. themes in the show. I saw an episode as an older child and I still remember how they described the event well, just like real life. And I'm sure he hit the bastards extremely hard because all deaths and losses affect families. You saw this on the show and allowed parents and children to talk about very difficult events. The show talked about traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It's one of the few shows that actually talks about these scenarios. Now I have a daughter of 5 years who does not really watch SS. I tried to watch the show several times, but it's not really what it used to be. Elmo 1/2 hr with g. Noodle is absolutely funny. As many people say, it does not teach anything. It's focused in less than 18 months (maybe), and it's not even funny. I have always been proud of seeing SS as a child, a teenager, and an adult with my child. Now, in my second round, it's really hard for me to watch SS. The topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new ones in settlements, the removal referred to children and adults in a way that is easily understood and connected with 2-99. Now, no concepts are learned, minimal counting, only occasional mention of the alphabet. NOT the same SS, from the original viewer of the show. PLEASE, IF some producers in the show read these comments, return the show to its base. New concepts have never been a problem with the SS, but they had a better way to incorporate them into the show.
