If you want to see a film that is terribly intermingling a Latin country with any other Latin country, Celestial Prophecy is a good example: 1. Peru, even in the most violent times, has not shown so much politics or soldiers as in this film. This showed a country like El Salvador when it was a civil war. Since I'm a peruvian who lives in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was too funny to see the cops here, everywhere and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and want to (or need to be) a taxi driver, simply put a sticker with the word "Taki" on your car's front glass and you can drive freely on Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies, but their prices are quite expensive ). There is no need for a yellow or black-and-white square on the door of your car. Well, taxis in this movie have this band, something you will never see in Peru. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean clothes. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he wore "Guaiabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and forty mustaches, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian looks like that, please! Peru is not Caribbean! 4. The scene shows a woman on the street with a rather long skirt, like typical folklore dresses in Latin America. Walk anywhere in Peru, and you will never find such a woman if you do not watch a typical dance. 5. Cast could be better: I can not deny that Ector Elizondo is an excellent actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Bask and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish does not speak fluently. It's a notorious Spanish language that's not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could perform as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin policeman." It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petroni in General Rodriguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, trying to pronounce Spanish. Unsuccessfully, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. The "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastian, also spoke quite fun Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderon and Christian Meier (just to mention two of the many Peruvian actors) who could perform with excellence. 6. I admit that a fictitious film can allow itself to invent cities or even lands. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city shown in this movie should have been called "Vicente" and not "Viste". Vicente is a male name, and Vicitte has never been used. 7. I do not agree with a single user who says that this film was shot at locations in Peru. No location was peruvian, although the production used multiple posters that feature "Inku Cola", a Peruvian barrel. As a number of American films, this must have been used by any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, the Latin city is identical to any other Latin city. 8. In the first scenarios, when John (Matthev Settle) flies to Peru, he should arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chavez Airport (in Lima, capital). In fact, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And of course, there are no military or police guards at Peruvian airports. 9. When this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and, obviously, there is no climate. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin American countries), unless you get a 1-star hotel! 10. The rebels who are fighting the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their emphasis was, no doubt, from Colombia. For them, the producers were supposed to rent Peruvian actors. In a few words, it would be cheaper to shoot in Peru. I could proceed with more examples from this film, which made me say "1" (awful), but I fell asleep after 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear producers: This is not a tragedy: there are many bad films with few mistakes. Just to remember the "Indian Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and the indescribable Disney's "Imperial New Grove". A bad movie list can be endless ...
