I went to watch this film with a bunch consisting of mostly "spiritual" types of Nev Age, who, unlike me, enjoyed this movie very much - although it was to those who knew the book (there seems to be a book that contains more of this nonsense), the movie is not very good. So, if you are inclined to think of yourself as "spiritual", believe or at least tolerate things such as "aura" and "astral body", and do not bother with the frequent use of the term "energy" outside the context of physics or technology, you may indeed to love a movie, and you'll probably even enjoy the book on which it's obviously based. However, if you are mainly in contact with the physical universe, if your ability to suspend unbelief is easily exhausted from the meaningless Nev Age of nonsense and plot on it, if in addition you have a slight tolerance for the raw light effects that mark the event of spirituality, and perhaps even expect a reasonably non-wooden dialogue of acting, this is my recommendation for you regarding this film: Stai. Avai. Do not even think about it. Tonight, this film moved Dungeons and Dragons as the worst movie I personally saw in the movie (not counting the movies I watched with the expectation of being bad, such as Plan 9, etc.). At the same time, he raised the total number of films I almost came out to two (D & D was the second). I'm not going to the movies, even on this one, but when I first saw the visual aura, I had to be, because from that moment Nev Age BS keeps getting thicker and thicker. The action relates to a group of people who associate themselves with some of the old prophecies, seeking spiritual enlightenment and aiming to bring humanity to the next step in its evolution. Or something similar. They actually say that this spiritual thing is the next step in the evolution of man, which should be done to anyone who has even the weakest idea of ​​how human evolution is bothering. The film is full of shock like that. People occasionally convey what they would certainly describe as "another dimension", or perhaps "another plane," to make them invisible to those around them who have not yet attained enlightenment. Goodness. Finally, the director advocates the audience by turning "insights" that make up the prophecy, painfully slow, probably so that we can remember them and leave the movies as better, enlightened individuals. Good things about the movie? Some pretty cool shots of nature, and some decent accompanying performances by Elizondo and de Almeida. I can honestly say that it seriously affects my ability to grasp the person seriously if they consider this film to be interesting or acceptable. It's really cheap spiritualism of a naive kind, and if it's not your thing, you'd better do something else with your time and money.
