The film provides a rather concise version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I can tell, by some research and investigation of the investigative fact is to a great extent the work of fiction. In reality, there are no ancient scrolls, and if the author is heavily pressed, I'm sure he would have to admit that he never saw his eyes in some Aramaic manuscripts found in Peru. These "valuable" texts anonymously written as common are destroyed by the evil "haters of truth" in the church and in the local government. It's pretty weird, because every year there are all kinds of Nev Age shit - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me that hell is prone to destroy the movement that he's probably looking at. as I do, total stupidity. I am not a fan of the church, but at least the ancient texts on which their religion rests are real. It is a typical sample of scapegoat and religious hackers who claim to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "evil" people or by Joseph Smith's case, returned to paradise once translated. Accordingly, actual texts can not be found in museums such as Smithsonian, nor in translations conducted by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In one sense, I admire everyone who is smart enough to make a great idea and make millions of it, but I could not do it alone because I have no desire to fool the public with more Nev Agei hockey. Occasionally, the real ancient text has been discovered for many years hidden and lost. The gospel of Judas, Gnostic text, was discovered even after the carbon dating and diligent study of the text, which the experts considered authentic. The Gospel of Jude was marked as heretical about the year 300, and no church documents from that time mentioned any Celestine Prophecy as authentic, heretical, or anything else. - but optimism in the Celestine prophecy is not based on anything but fiction and lies, and the philosophy built on the basis of lies, as the castle on the sand will collapse. The cruel, ugly, overcrowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to be over Horizon, than some utopian hippy commune where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if they are pure pies, and they can make millions. Celestial prophecy is what the world wants to hear. It's a pity that this castle is built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I want God, Celestine vision is reality, but it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time expressed the ideas given in Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These ideas of the New Age did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwin's evolution became known. This means that the ideas in the Celestine prophecies can not be older than 1800, and they do not return to the early BCC. or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This kind of demand by Nevers Agers is not unusual at all. The Vikings claim to have magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" comes to the Stone Age, when in reality no book of shadows existed before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was Aleister Crowley. Nev Age Gurus speak lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when ancient people burn their noses with such absurdities that the Guru preaches today. Why do they do what they do, make such a scam? Simply: there are millions of dollars to be made, and the modern Guru gets power over his followers. They fiercely compete and have strong hatred for their competition despite their claims of love for all things. Every Nev Age group was up against others. It's a fight for your minds and your wallets. But learn one thing from me, which is actually similar to one of the cognitions, learn to follow your own instincts and look for guidance from the inside. With this, I can completely agree.
