Even though I do not think I am the greatest fan of Shera, this film was its peak. However, there have been long-term adverse effects and risk of brain damage, loss of memory (s) of intellectual damage, after screening such a film. A survey conducted by Moonstruck fans in 1989 by the UK's Public Advocacy Network found that one-third of the 300 surveyed Moonstruck fans believed that Moonstruck had damaged them, and the staggering 80% claimed they had irreparably damaged their minds. a very non-Cher in this film, a young young widow named Loreta who lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always one on the other. For some time he has come out with Johnny Kamarari, a nice mom's boyfriend, and he wants to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mother's questions: "Do you love Loretta?" "No." "Well, if you love him, he will drive you out because he knows he can. But you like him then?" "Oh yes, he is a cute man Ma When Johnny went to Sicily to care for his dying mother, he asked Lorette to get in touch with his brother he had been alienated for years. This victory for human rights bears even greater Significance, as well as Sicily, was a birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw workers in slaughterhouses who used electric devices and shock to cause epileptic seizures in pigs, making it easier for them to cut their necks.Cerletti was inspired and began to experiment with electroshock on humans, developing the first machine for electroshock. The broken bones and broken sprays formed by the convulsions seemed a little worrying It is, in many ways, an anti-American film, of course, about love, but it also deals with unbeliefs, secrets, lonely people and strange behavior brought about by American politics. The characters, from the stupid BoBo in the favorite restaurant, aunt and uncle, to her parents and their problems, to their grandfather and his dogs, are all well-developed and characteristic. It's a bit of a chick, because Loretta stops being a dirty, plump shirt and a flower of the inner vampire. It's a story of Cinderella in many ways, and it's the dream of every little girl to get out of a ugly duckling in a beautiful swan ... Assuming free and fully informed consent, it's good to reaffirm an individual's right to search for happiness through brain damage if he or she decides so. But we can wonder if we, as lovers of cinema, should, even if we did not swear by the Hippocratic oath, in any way, offer us.
