Disney has now made direct video sequences with a good pile of their many animated features. Two were made for their classic from 1991, "Beauty and Beast". Well, these are not really upsides, because they are both set between the events of the first movie. The first of these two films was "The Beauty and the Beast: The Fascinated Christmas", which seems to be displeased with many fans of his theater precursor, but I think that this can usually be expected by sequels. However, this second, "Belle's Magical War", is definitely inferior. The film contains three short stories, all of which take place while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell. wizards. The first is "The Perfect Word," where a misunderstanding on the table between Belle and Beast leads to problems, and none of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly," which features Fifi and Lumiere's five-year-old, and Lumiere is unprepared, and Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and thinks they are in fact in love. The film ends with "Broken Ving". In this story, Belle cares about a bird with a broken wing, but the bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the beast finds out, because it hates birds! The description of the action I gave for the original VHS version of Disney's third film "Beauti and the Beast". Obviously, in the DVD version, there is another story called "The Potts Party," but I only saw the original version. However, since I doubt that one story will stand out as a classic in relation to the rest, I do not see the point of seeing a special edition. In any case, the first thing I will say about "Belle's Magical War" is that the animation is very two-dimensional in relation to what we are accustomed to Disney, which would obviously disappoint many people. I did not like "Beauti and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you can not say the same about his animation. I'm sure that the stories of Belle's Magical War might have many children (mostly younger ones, I think), and each story has morale, so that they can learn some valuable lessons. However, for adults, there is really not much film. I personally did not find any good humor in it, found that the constant conflict between Belle and Beast became tired, and the stories did not impress me in any way (they are not very well written). In the "Perfect Word," the way Belle says the Beavers, "You are acting indecently ... and stupid!" It's a bit cheesy, and I think there are a lot of other merry moments in these stories. By the time the film first came out, I saw that I had about eleven or twelve years. . I do not know what I would have thought about it at that time, because I had lost interest in Disney until then, and it would have been a year before I would have received any of those interests. Even when this film was first published, I think I was a little over the age group it was intended for. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: the Enchanted Christmas" until a couple of months ago, but unlike that movie, I've never heard of this movie until recently, I'm thinking only after I saw Disney's first sequel in 1991. Well, no matter how much I love the theater, I would not miss much that I never became aware of the existence of this movie. For little children, I'm sure that "Belle's Magical War" can be very fun, and probably a little educated with your morale, but I do not recommend it to adult Disney fans.
