That's right! On average under 9, but maybe under 12 years for some others! I was 11 years old when I saw it on a video and at such a youth I was not able to notice the poor quality of cartoons or the fact that they are the classic characters that we all grew up that were not the same or that they were good to see them. Everything is so 2D here! Belle, I agree, is not even beautiful, but just a normal woman with colored skin, she wears the same light blue dress all the way, without a glamorous dress, Wardrobe means the least, boring - my Ears can bleed if I have to listen to her everyday! Lumiere, both in the original and in the Christmas edition, was striking and elegant, but here it is a womanish, ignorant! Cogsvorth, despite being an unknown housewife for whom she is known, is the complete sh-t and the most unfavorable figure to say! It seems to always find the closing of this unbearable bars in this very difficult condition and whose face should really be used to return to the time of the unforgettable two films in this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts did not revive Angela Lansburi (one of my favorite classic actresses) than Anne Rogers, who did not capture any character of Mrs. Potts, no offense for her! Not if she did the best! When the beast rumor, it sounds so terribly false, with clearly visible additional thunder, cutting or cutting. I am aware that this is only the third feature that accompanies the other two films, so of course it would not be that good, but I am sure that more contributions would not have hurt Disnei's artists who really did achieve such remarkable results. styles of animation over the years. It's okay, I suppose, and sometimes I'm taking care of it even though it suits me. It's hard to make a recommendation for this reading, because it depends on how old you are, but remember that it will not be what you can expect after previous spectacular movies! And to think that on my video with the text on the back side I wrote "Bragging brilliant animation"! It's nice, but for one thing it's also very poor, and for the other, these 3 words were supposed to be saved for the next edition of the original!
