SPOILER WARNING: In this review, there are some smaller spoilers. Do not read it further from the first paragraph if you plan to watch a movie. The Disease Channel currently has a policy to make a lot of movies and show one month on a cable channel. Most of them are medium-sized and glossy, have several good elements, but they are disappointing ('The Phantom of the Megapol', 'Stepsister From Planet Veird', 'Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century'). Every time in a big time, they make something real, really big ('Genius', 'Other Me'). But from time to time, Disney Channel makes a big mistake and gives us the right smell. This month (December 2000) Disnei Channel introduced 'The Ultimate Christmas Present', which I thought was terrible due to bad writing and poor acting. Apparently, 'The Brainiacs.com' hurried a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday because it's about toys. They even paid for a movie in the TV guide, so I thought it had to be better than the norm. I was in complete shock. Only Disnei's 'Model Behavior' was worse than this. The operation was far more strenuous than normal. I usually released this slide, but it's too far here. Matthew Tyler is very ill with his father's widow who spent most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken big loans in a scrupulous bank to stay on the surface. His father has over and over again to skip the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthev decides that the only way he can spend time with his dad is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay at home. He gets the idea of ​​a haircut to create a website where children around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister makes up. That whole concept is full of errors. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his bank account and buys most of his father's shares. He is a secret boss, but he does not reveal it to his father, but is present at committee meetings as a cartoon over a computer. The picture itself is so complex (and funny) that it is not possible to create it at home, and even less to someone who is as stupid as Matthews. To shorten the long story, Matthews orders Dad to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent appears asking questions about Matthey's company because he is fake. It's so much wrong here. As mentioned, things that work here are impossible even for real geniuses, which these children are not. A website, a cartoon, a computer chip, even things that are learned at school are too advanced for these kids. The acting of most actors, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some known faces are lost. Dom DeLuise plays the evil of the owner of the bank, but his part is throwing. There is one good scene with Alekandra Paul (which shows that he has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is lost in the judge's small role. There are even some offensive and unrecognized jokes against the Russians. But the biggest atrocities are difficult issues. These themes appear in many The Disney Channel films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been so hard hit. The typical idea of ​​a "parent parent" was really pushed, and after being inadequate in "The Ultimate Christmas Present," she looked at me again, feeling my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disnei must stop this endless preaching, because the work is important for maintaining a working family. Except for canceling the activity due to work, the father did not get so bad, but it was offensive when his grandmother said, "I do not like what I see." It's equally bad to preach the idea that all single parents MUST have to marry if they want to raise their children. Come to Alekandra Paul, whose character, although important for conspiracy, is only for the love interest of a father. This offensive only proves that Disney's brain trust lacks the brain to avoid scratching from the bottom of the Disney script. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids how to commit a serious scam, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better than this. Zantarin result: 1 out of 10.
