I did not know much about this movie before I watched it, but I heard that it had to do with quantum physics, so I was interested. What I did not know was that this is NOT a STORY story but a bunch of Nev-Age blovards who love the sound of their own voice that talks about how little they know about basic quantum mechanics. I say it's more in the Documentary category than comedy or drama. Marlee Matlin is in the film, to give some kind of story to this Age Age symposium. Her parts of the film feel terribly inclined and are intended to portray the thoughts of the speaker so that we can not die of boredom. Matlin has a real job as a photographer, unlike the Nev Age hippie that breaks down on her couch. We have to listen to the nameless people about them as quantum physics "means". The only bright spot in this film was a speaker from India (I suppose), but I think he appeared on the wrong movie. It seems that Barbara Eden really left it and she goes on and on how quantum science has something to do with her crazy beliefs in Nev Age. Quark from DS9 seems to be running out of money and also appears briefly in the movie. There are many CGIs that need to be impressed; The cells in the body are shown as a dance jello mold, because the filmmakers have obviously seen Flubber too many times. because old people have never seen pistol ships before, as if people had some way to know today. Of course they omit all this information and just say "Columbus ships were invisible to the Indians in America." The film takes a lot of such arrogant jumps. Thomas Ioung did a double slit experiment around 1805 and discovered that light can look like a particle in a certain period of time, and that it is a wave. Of course, you would never know about this from watching this stupid movie because it is the only reference to "atoms can be particles and waves." And it must mean that people can go through the walls, walk on the water, and never grow old if they just wish the star !! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin could stop being deaf if she only believed * enough difficult. I am cunning, but this film is full of false hopes and beliefs that people who support them really do not. These are Nev Age kooks that have captured quantum theory as if they were confirming everything they thought about meditation, zero point energy, crystal healing, and so on. If these snake oil sellers really believe in the shit they sell, can not they just wish their existence instead of appearing in this joke? Movie? We can listen to another nameless man, without the knowledge we know, talking on the couch in front of the fireplace (or TV screen) about how he creates his life. Every time he was on the screen, I wanted someone to hurry and throw a pie in his face. These people take themselves too seriously. Some other proud type in the suit says that no one ever touches anything, because there is a magnetic force that prevents it on a quantum level. If only someone entered the screen and continued to hit him in the stomach, he screamed: "I'm not touching you! I'm not touching you!" A moral relativist in the film claims that there really is no "good or bad thing". It is obvious that Hitler killed millions of Jews to death? The other person says that "there is no such thing as love." It's just a chemical and we really do not like people, we are just dependent on the chemical hurry we have when we are around them. I suppose this character works as socially useful for being a heroin addict for so many years. We are witnessing a really pathetic sequence in which two young men walk around the wedding, see all RoboCop. They assess whether they are cows, dogs or cats, and the sexual situation appears on the dressings. Marlee Matlin gets drunk at a wedding to be photographed, and the next day she decides to love and bathe because she is a beautiful and unique flake. their imagined images. Perhaps in this magazine I only see what I want to see, but I really wanted to see that these people get pies to their faces, and that never happened. If you have never heard of the ideas that were presented earlier in the movie, you can consider them interesting, but there are better sources for all ideas. If you want to watch a good movie that talks about the principle of Heisenberg's insecurity, go see the Man who was not there. If you want to read a good book on Quantum Field Theory, read the hyperspace Michio Kaku. If you want to see a movie that talks about different philosophies with imaginative visions, see Vaking Life (though it can be boring, self-important, and sometimes pretentious). All in all, you should go and read Quantum Psychology or Prometheus of Rising Robert Wilson instead of wasting time on this movie. It's usually very difficult for me to give movies from 1 to 10, but this was very easy for me: 1/10 Stars. The film title is true. People in this movie do not know # $ *! Put your hands down, the worst movie I've ever seen.
