I agree with some other critics of this film. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and completely wrong, wrong and harmful (in the worst case). Like others, I found this film as a horrible blend of "real" science and pseudo-scientific, Nev Age propaganda. As a psychologist, I was especially reprimanded by contributions from Candace Perth. True, I was not her fan before this film, but its discourse on "cell consciousness" was one of the best examples of taking a notion ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning for most people and uses it in such a distorted way to overburden, and Do not clarify. This is the old Orvelian mind-f ** which the master himself described so well in his brilliant essay "Politics and English". Referring to "consciousness" in this way - in fact, this film is called "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention) - is to use the language in the same way that Stalin used when designating his slave "democratic republic "and Hitler when he called his party a movement of" socialist workers ". I do not claim to really understand quantum physics. I know enough to know that I really would realize that it would take a lot of studies. Ah, but Americans we like "current enlightenment," and this is what this film's mistake is trying to achieve. If questions are asked, that would be one thing, but she clearly tries to ask and answer them, so that no film can do it simply because we are far, far from answering (if they really exist). By the way, ethically, this film ought to have waived the association of several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Iogyi (and TM), not to mention JZ Vitez, who often speaks with his voice "Ramtha". (I am always amazed by this channel of 10,000 years old Atlantean superman who understood the concepts and terminology of the 21st century. But again, this film claims that the past, the present and the future are one and the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I guess he could have now and tomorrow, just how was his financial advice so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice so that everything is my fault, not Ramtha .) What a mess.
