Definitely not. It will NEE. This movie is absolutely stupid. After being recommended to me by a friend in "such things", I watched this film with some expectation to be informed, changed, moved, changed, elevated, and all other positive mystical things that we would they could have happened when suddenly I saw the Truth. Now this can sound like someone who is already predisposed to anything that deals with metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I'm trying to be open to every presentation and then I decide accordingly. Regarding content, the only thing I found mildly interesting and informative was the data on peptides, emotions, addictions, and cellular receptors. It was the only "unifying" element I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary circulated around several themes and never seemed to unite and connect, try to bind and lock to a certain point. And what are all those things about the Americans who could not see the ships Columbum came in? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this happened in 1492? Where are they there? If they were compared to scientific work done in visual knowledge (a famous video of a gorilla, for example, visited the Visual Recognition Laboratory at the University of Illinois), it may have come to a more convincing point. Here, however, it seemed to be an unsupported mystical mumbo-jumbo. As a movie: this was not one movie, there were two. I think that the documentary is very interesting, just to hear people talking about what they are talking about (I was upset that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least at the beginning!) "Tells" part of the movie with Matlin in her boring , unconnected, intrusive, unrelated and completely stupid. That part about the Polish wedding with this dance was not any ridiculous. She was funny, funny, somber and stupid. And I found that the use of the word "Pollack" was offensive. It seemed so inappropriate and wrong. Is such use ok because a member of a group uses a buggy referral term for a group because he or she is a member of a group? It might be fine, but it did not seem to be used in this way. In any case, I do not care what the reason, I was punished by Poljak. I'm never called or call my ethnic origin as "Pollack". And I certainly do not like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to the mysterious conversation in which this term is used? You can bet! But again, it seems to me that this is not the case here. It seemed so unreasonable. Unripid, unbridled. The acting was horrible. The appearance of Elaine Hendrik was completely incredible. Sometimes she seemed to have just read the lines she was just given. Marlee Matlin seemed to be most like sleeping through this whole thing. Maybe she was confused by the material. I know that I am. If she was to show the disappointed dissatisfaction caused by anxiety, she simply did not seem to click. But by far the world's worst Hendrik! All in all, I discovered that this is an unrelated, poorly guided piece of applause.
