Well, what can I say? "What we know we know" achieved almost impossible - leaving behind such a masterpiece of this genre as "Postman", "Master of the Dukes", "Merlin". "and so forth, will enter history as the only worst movie I've ever seen in the whole. And that's, really, impressive, ladies and gentlemen, because I saw a lot of bad movie. This masterpiece The part of a modern film consists of two intertwined parts, alternating between a stupid and fictitious plot of an extremely unfavorable film. A photographer abandoned by her husband and forced to take antidepressants to survive, and a bunch of heads that talk about how quantum physics supposedly justifies their new pseudo-philosophy. Basically, if you start your free yes Mediating with people like Enia and Kenni G, this movie is for you. If you have a sense of humor, a lot of people who know how to have fun, and a significant part of a good grass, then this movie is for you. the word for it. The first thing that hit me about "What the Blind Know" is that it seems to be arranged and made up of the same types of people shooting at cheap weddings. Camera, with pink effect of the heart , computer-generated sparks on the screen, and other silly nonsense. Who let these people close to the theater edition, is a mystery to me. I guess that's what Kenny G does to you too. The film was packed with raw GCI, which you or I can produce on our computer through the software for editing non-prescription videos, but we will never, because it's too funny. The script was obviously written by someone without any writing experience. Not only were all the characters and conversations bulky and uninteresting, but the "writers" felt as if they had to push every relevant information, or rather disinformation, and that is what most of the film was, all the way to the throat. Well, given the target audience, it may not have been bad for the idea. The main figure, for example, consumes half the tablet popping pills. Obviously, however, it was considered not convincing enough, so there is at least a few dialogues around the world that apply to her anti-anxiety pills, especially in the case that viewers could not connect her overwhelmed pain and the suffering of a small white pill taken whenever she feels. Act ... Well, I've seen better acting in Ed Wood's films, and no, this is not exaggeration. Heck, a small performance in which I was 12 years old was a much more inspiring performance than this. It really was. The story is interrupted here and there with a bunch of random heads, a strange blend of scientists, cunning doctors, and self-proclaimed mysticism, go on to say how quantum physics supposedly provides an "explanation" of how men are or women create their own reality by participating in the experience of life. The reality is, probably, the field of probability of a bunch of different possibilities, and it was placed only in the stone when the observer chose to notice it. What happens when more than one observer notices that they did not say, but then again who cares. Listen to Enia, meditate, observe, and you will be God, and nobody will care for such nonsense and archaic things such as critical thinking, logic, etc. "moving the paradigm" and "descending through the rabbit hole". Moreover, Heidelberg's uncertainty principle is allegedly representing evidence of positive alternative realities, parallel universes, and the like. When talking about rabbit holes, the analogy permeates the movie. All these people continue to talk about going to the rabbit holes. I'm not sure what it's got to do with anything they say or show, but one thing I'm sure is that somehow involves anal sex. In fact, the film is extremely anti-sex. Sex is presented as dirty, ugly and anti-enlightening. In any case, the voice heads speak, the main character achieves harmony and enlightenment by painting the heart all over the body with magical markers and continues to walk around with even more glabrous glances in her eyes than her eyes began. I want 2 hours of my life back. Here are a couple of random quotes I remembered: "What I consider unrealistic has become much more realistic for me, and the one that I used to consider real, it is often much less real from unrealistic. "- Some say the heads of the spirituality of quantum physics. "What needs a man to have an erection?" "It takes only one thought, nothing changes from the outside, all the changes are inside." He still has an erection. "- Someone who is a self-proclaimed mystic, the head of his school of enlightenment. <br /> <br /> [while looking at the mirror] "I hate you! I hate you! You are ugly!" - the main character, fat and ugly photographer.
