It seems that the creators of this film had a problem deciding what their message really was. Accordingly, they had even more problems to deliver. They began with a poor description of the principles of quantum physics that relate to subatomic particles. By imposing an unclear picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty, they presented the bold heads that built the case of ridiculous logic, stating that every living entity is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about the ideas on which Stephen Covei and Tony Robbins made their career: positive thinking, interrupting bad patterns, always looking at the bright side, etc. Then there came a little about how our brain can change our body through the production of proteins: hormones that we decide more or less to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's simple, is not it? Intertwined with our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photocurrent who throws out antidepressants and hates her thighs. Film makers slowly but surely tried to force us to say: "Hey, Amanda, just be cool!" Why can not you cheer up? Obviously this is because the world is a bad place where crime and poverty and religion are, so why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the whole other half) led to a contradiction bar. We are all part of the whole energy where we are not beings but collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us all because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have the purpose to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so there is no such thing as a reward or punishment, so nothing good ever came out of religion, but still we should do well, although there is nothing wrong and good, because there is no one to decide no This is besides the fact that each of us can make life good if we all meditate and then it will stop crime, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze into beautiful shapes. Still with me? Okay, because there are more. According to Robert L. The Park in his book Voodoo Science, the entire meditation experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington, was a farce, the numbers were processed, and the kill rate was higher that year, any year before or after. . And what about your positive attitude that you are young and healthy? This is a message delivered by an older man who looked like his age and a woman who was overweight. So, does this all work or not? I was fortunate to watch a movie at the theater where Betsi Chasse, one of the three film directors (yes, three), asked questions after the show. My name is happy because I had first hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several questions asked by members of the audience were stated to such an extent that her husband, a chiropractor, had to enter and pronounce the answer. Finally, I had to leave when the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Mrs. Chase, began to speculate about how the world would be wonderful if only President Bush could see this film.
