As a student of physics, I became aware of many idiotic professors and other so-called experts on the ground. As I continue studying, I'm learning more and more about real physical experiments and people doing things right. Then my friends tell me about this "movie about physics" I want to see. I do not know anything about it, I am excited, hoping that the information will be well presented. I did REAL quantum mechanics; This is not it. This film begins with the basic assumption that everything that happens with subatomic particles can, and will, happen to you, if you just open your eyes. Let's think about it, for a moment. Our bodies are composed of about 10 ^ 30 such subatomic particles. That's billions of billions of particles! The "mysterious" quantum effects of only two particles can have a 50% probability of being completely reversed. As you add more particles to the mix, it is almost impossible to have a large net quantum result. Tell us to believe this is a valid assumption, without rationality behind it ... it's just stupid. My friend, also in physics, and I counted 3 facts during this film. But they are presented in the most unusual way I've ever seen. I can not say so much for the neural part of the film, because I did not have any medical training. It seemed as if it could have had a little more truth, remembering my days in biology, but I can not say. they were actually) scenes. Not to ruin the priceless story that drives this movie, but the main character goes to the wedding, where he sees all the different types of personality that "waters" with his peptides *, and then the film cuts onto the dance floor, where we are merged between dancing people, sometimes surrounded by CG peptides, and a complete CG scene, filled with dance peptides. At that moment, the film tried to tell us that we were "dependent on emotions," so we were treated to the full song of that hit, "Addicted to Love". This scene was redeeming, because anyone who could go through this scene, and still seriously grasp this film ... well, you are the one who needs to "open your eyes".
