I had a lot of problems with this movie. It contains some basic factual information concerning quantum mechanics, which is fine. Although quantum physics has been in existence for more than 50 years, the film displays this information in a grandiose way that seems to say: "Did not you just take it!" Well, not quite. These are no longer the disclosure of the earth. In any case, I was already familiar with quantum theory, and the fact that particles must be described by wave equations, etc. It's not new. The main problem I have with this film, however, is the way these people use quantum theory as a way of providing a scientific basis for mysticism and spiritualism. I have no serious problem with mysticism and spiritualism, but quantum mechanics does not really have anything to do with these things, and it should be separate. The people who interviewed this movie start with the ideas of quantum theory, and then make a leap to say that simply thinking about something you can change the thing around you, so we should think positively to have a positive impact on the world and make our lives better. Thinking is completely funny, and the conclusions logically do not arise from quantum theory. For any so-called "experts" who interviewed this movie, there are several theoretical physicists who would fully agree. They point out, quite rightly, that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not support the mystical notions of our spiritual connection. It bother me what people will watch this movie and completely eat it. because it leaves them with a nice positive feeling. The main focus of the film is based on a complete misinterpretation of quantum theory, and it is as bad as any attempt to justify an organized religion with similar pseudo-scientific arguments. Avoid this film. Oh, yes. At one point, one of the "experts" says that, because throughout history, most of the assumptions made by people about the world turned out to be false, hence the assumptions we are currently holding on the world are also probably inaccurate. Huh? It does not follow completely. Even if it is, I do not see how it helps his argument. I mean, if his ideas have ever become the usual assumptions, I guess they should also assume that they are false, based on their own thinking.
