I do not know anything about the work of the writer or director until now, so I did not have any prejudice towards the film. Based on a brief description of the action in the TV Guide, I thought it might be interesting. But the incredibility was accumulated on the incredible. Every turn of the plot seemed to be an excuse to draw bloodshed, terrible makeup, or special effects. . It was positively repulsive. I will not go through the narrative of the narrative, but I will give you an example of what I think about the excess of the explicit above. Chris McKenna goes to an isolated ranch and pulls the frozen body of her former victim (Vendta) from deep freezing. McKenna killed Vendt by biting a piece from his door. Now he feels he must destroy the evidence of his involvement in Wendt's death. (What will the cops do, measure his radius of bite?) McKenna unwinds Wendt's head and neck from the freezer bag where she is, takes the ax and starts cutting off Vendt's head. Vhack. Vhack. Vhack. The ax of the ax clears Vendt's door. The air is full of nuggets of frozen frozen meat, one drop at McKenna's head. (Clean it when he finishes.) McKenna then takes the frozen head down to the small fire he has built. He sits on his head, squatting next to him, takes out a photograph of the woman he just killed and showed them the Vendt's head. "Do you remember her? We could really succeed if there were not you guys," he says to his head. "Duke, you always loved the fire, did not you?" he asks. Then put your head on fire. We only see how it burns, but we can hear the flame burning in the flames. I do not want this sort of garbage censor. I'm just wondering who enjoys seeing these things. There is no reason to continue with the rest of the film. I will mention one example of "incredible" since I brought up the idea. McKenna was kidnapped and locked in a dark bare hut. He knows that in the coming days he will be half to death. (He literally urged hard people to do it.) What would you do in this situation similar to Poe? Here's what McKenna is doing on what might be the last night of his life. On it finds a discarded calendar with a pin-up girl and masturbating (successful). Give this man the Medal of Freedom! The monster that looks like Pizza Hut is thrown into some unnecessary flashbacks. The camera is often held hand and nodded. The dialogue has lines like: "Life is a piece with ***, or it's the best of all possible worlds, it depends on your point of view." A wide-angle lens is used which turns ordinary people into gargoyles mask. The house explodes in an explosive fireball at the end while the hero, McKenna, is walking towards us in the foreground. And he is a hero. He first kills a man for $ 13,000 by hitting him with a heavy statue on his head several times, then planting himself in a pot, before he finally topple the refrigerator on the body. (This bother him a bit, but it's not enough to prevent him from insisting on paying.) Then, I hope I got an order, he kills Wendt by pulling out a part of the door. Then she accidentally kills the wife of her first victim and blames her for this, although she does not have anything to do with any moral account. Then he burned his head (Baldwin) alive. Then, after he disabled the two less severe ones, he deliberately disintegrated them, although one of them is not completely inconsistent. And we should be cheering for McKenna. These are not mortal pictures from cartoons like those in Dirty Harry's films - and bang bang and you are dead. They are slow and painful. The first - $ 13,000 murder - it was awkward to resemble what could happen in real life. It's not easy to kill another human being, like Hitchcock showed in Torn Curtain. But this scene does not lead to any other character. Some people could enjoy this, especially those who are young enough to think that the pain and death are things that only happen in movies. Some screenshots on the screen.
