This film was an attempt to get into places where most are not, and maybe it should not go into it. This was a similar trial on the bizarre, perspective case given to us in Cell, although it was not so deep and well displayed. The plot was built simply with an initial feeling for camping. Then, while the film takes its alleged "dramatic" turn, the plot breaks down on several legs it was supposed to stand. In essence, the idea is that the child (Chris McKenna) who needs money. He assumes the role of a killer, killing a city accountant. Then he is not paid for his work, but has been tortured for several days because he dreamed of a "brilliant" idea to try to use the backup that he had as a lever for payment. This idiotic move tried to force them to pay him because he was terribly and infinitely abused. It starts to crash (some very disturbing scenes). Then, thinking that he paid for his sins and can begin again, he visits a woman (Kari Vuhrer) of a man who killed and won her affection. Shortly after discovering who he is, the tragedy struck, and the vengeance passes through the air while the boy goes to his torturers (Daniel Baldwin, George Vendt, Vernon Vells) for their previous "kindness". I have to ask, what about the films Kari Vuhrer and horor / up guys? It seems that everything that has recently been put into this genre is all about. I agree, I liked "Osam-legged Freaks" and she was good at "Anaconda". But despite all of her obvious dowry and attraction (Wow, she's hot!), She can act much better and choose better roles. Or maybe I'm wrong and it's just a mistake. For all of you boys there, you can see "completely fit" in her movie, although it's pretty bizarre and short-lived. I almost felt as if after watching this film (something that was not foreign to Kari's career) made some soft porn. Simulation of sex is such that it must ask you what is really happening during the shooting. In any case, I will say that there is a good acting. Just do not expect much from Daniel Balvin, whose career seems forever predetermined for his brother Alec. The film was brought by several old giants, George Vendt (Norm from Cheers) and Vernon Vells (Commando, Veird Science). Above all, Chris McKenna works best in the main character, Sean Cravle. His little acting experience, and yet his convincing nature as naive youth, brings some elements into the film. I would not go out this time. If you are bored and tired of the same old episodes of "Hitchhiker", then I could advise you to watch this. And Kari, please, start playing some of the better movies!
