This was a shitty film, with a complete non-sense and too many lost goals. I watched this movie just because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a kamaja in it, and I continued to watch it, because as a girl, I like any movie that involves a male nudity for change. Later I wondered how much more fun it would be for a story to get, and every time it was ... more ... funny. Sean Cravlei (a handsome Chris L. McKenna, whom I've never seen before - but I loved his little naked scene) works as a painter when he meets the electrician Duke Vain (George Vendt of "Cheers"). Thinking that he gets more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with performer Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing a stereotypical style type). Raia is investigating an accountant from the City Hall (Ron Livingston in a kameya, whom I fell in love with "Office Space" to "Sek & the Citi"). Rai ultimately offers obviously desperate Sean $ 13k to kill an accountant, and Sean accepts a job. Sean pulls a bookkeeper, whose wife (Kari Vuhrer) is drawn, finishing the blow and going - taking a file with information against Raio with him. Sean quickly learns to use him, that Rai never intended to pay him, and Sean uses that file as a lever to get his money. By this time, it's descent ... generally worthwhile ... watching. But as soon as Rai, Duke and their team seized Sean to extract information about the file from him, it became duller and stupid (and still DUMBER ...) until finally it seemed like a film writer, Charlie Higson, pulled out of a ten-day hangover writing and realized that it is desperate to figure out how to end the series of incredible clutter that he created before the time or something. Without a detailed description of the movie, let's just say that in every scene you watch after kidnapping, you see that they capture "what f ** k!", Confused by the current nonsense that Sean follows pretty graphically and roughly. for redemption. In the end, there are so many free films left in the movie to start complaining about what you even watched. This is a movie you should watch only after hitting it with a cable, and you should have enough beers and friends to make a movie in its full value. It should be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give a movie when you have a "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin Brother doing dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy that does not make a damn sense. The guys will love the violence, blood and courage of the scene, and absolutely unnecessary scene of sex and tits. The girls will enjoy the beautiful Sean's free riot in the mainstream movie, when almost always the girls who fold in the movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor who is worth watching more than his looks (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the film.
