Eight nominations for the academy? That's incredible. I can only think it was a very bad year - even according to Hollywood standards. Huston as the director, Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as leaders, I would probably swallow the bait and watch this, but the nominations for the Oscar have really sold me, and I feel like I cheated. So this is a black comedy? Can somebody tell me where the humor is in Prizz's honor? Surely it's tricky (shooting in the head of a cop's wife is just another alleged comedy in this deliberate Farce about Mafia life), but with the exception of a joke about 'your favorite Mexican cigar' (which I presume is an old joke for Americans officially banned they have been buying something Cuban for the last 50 years). I could not see anything like that - and I tried. There are many cliches of mafia, but the cliché in my book is not humor. Is it some sort of romantic comedy? Never. The characters and their relationship are so incredible and shallow that they are at odds with Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez in Gigli. Is this a cleverly fictitious parody of the mafia? Not for a million years. The action is meaninglessly absurd than comically absurd, and usually has the feeling of a really bad (and inexpensive) mafia movie. She feels more like homage than parody. With single-dimensional characters and a bit of humor written for them, actors remain to work strange accents and wolf faces. Well, that's not enough; even when the face of the comic expression of the face is pulled by a person, Jack Nicholson (a repleat with a prominent upper lip ... now it meant that it was a parody of Brand's jaws in the Kum? ... Oh, everything I know is not ridiculous) . Throw in some slow direction (this movie is pulled in for 2 hours), some hopeless stupid and cliché dialogue like that; "Remember Camore? Well, we're far bigger, we'll follow you wherever you go," and cliché manners, and you'll be looking for a rewind button in advance before you say "capiche?" The honor is far from being Huston's "masterpiece" and it's pretty bad last work. This is definitely one work in the canon of the great director who should get a concrete cloak and thrown into the Hudson River.
