Oh, how do we skip here? a movie so bad that your mind will ask and bewildered to other things because it wastes your time on poor production values ​​of the brain; stereotypes of the character of the worst and racist kind of D.V. Griffith called the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as a "yellow man"; the characters are so unimaginable and unimaginable that it's hard to watch, and a narration that is so slow, stupid and senselessly approaching you to re-examine those people who say they love this movie. The Honorable Honor is a film that ends up as an absolute postmodern catastrophe in every possible way. The film is a messy and senseless catastrophe played by John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson are arrogant and everyone else fill in gaps as well as stupid stereotypes or auxiliary characters who cry over the phone constantly over again or argue with the main character. The honor is a movie that belongs to the genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and total crime? this associated with his director and actor should be enough to trigger it through some type of story; some kind of a set of good scenes; some sort of intelligence in the form of a scenario or something else, but not? What we get is a nasty and ugly movie that revolves around nothing. I will give you a few examples of how horrible this film is about. First, the film thinks it's a love story and it's about an hour of its time: in my time. Charlie Partan (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family he works for in New York, but still resembles his character from One Year Above the Coward Nest more than an international hit man. She met and fell in love with Irene Walker (Turner) who is another killer and she struck, but as pronounced pronunciation for the plot, it seems that everything is wrong. I read that it is complicated for this film: "A professional killer and a murdered woman are in love, only to find that they are all hired to kill the other." Well, yes, that's true, but the actual release does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as someone with an IK of 60: he walks around; seemingly making observations and speaking aloud about what he sees; he says he's either drunk or has a serious problem inside and worse than anything we never feel is a killer? A really bad attempt at early assassination (which actually happens outside the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is stubborn, the best of the best, international hits. So, with the main character who is not cute and unreal, we are going to the scenario. For the first hour and a half is only a film dead zone with what has ever been to suggest the traces of life of only the poor convention: Get into the phone or personally ask the same things over and over again: "Am I Married?" Do I Love Her? What is love? What to do? "And it's becoming so repetitive that he is not even able to act like good humor. This is related to the way he was always on the phone to somebody: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston), played by John's daughter; which was absolutely insignificant for the plot and it seemed to be there for a laugh, as was the scene in which she told her father about how she had slept with Partan and loved it, which led me to think if it needed To be funny? Should I laugh? The film seemed like a smart picture of the mafia, which is with its sc (couch) and subsequent scenes with the touch of a noir like gangsters, policemen and killers introduced into the film. But what we get is something very, very different. The second hour is about some kind of seizure, is not it, love and romance are solved? Maybe the film will start. I was very wrong: with more characters who constantly speak very slowly and very deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a scene of kidnapping in which some guy left his office: this scene collects a movie. Everything is briefly planned, and then derived in a difficult and stupid way that only makes it look messy. We do not see them coming to some drama; they may have to go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to watch the civilians when they are hiding in their chosen places and when that random woman gets out of the elevator and shoots? the scene has not been properly corrected. Some uncertainty, some drama: "Do I shoot or not?"; maybe something slow, because the character must quickly retreat before it is too late? anything but the way it's actually done. The honor of Honor continues his monotonous and uninteresting competence in the film-forgotten as he approaches the climax. It's a movie where cameras are reflected in windows; The lights are reflected on the sides of the car and dead drivers are blinking when pushed. The Honorable Honor is a messy and messy movie that will try the patients of any filmmaker and not to say that it was a comedy because I did not laugh with it? That's another thing. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless in its vision and scope of originality - there is no honor here.
