Let me first say that I love stories about Westerners and civil war. I also think John Ford is a great director. I also have the same feelings for the acting abilities of John Wayne and William Holden. I can not remember if I saw this movie when it first came out in 1959. I saw the first time last night. In my opinion, 4, I can say that we are The movie did not like it. Now I will try to say some of his shortcomings. John Lee Mahin, who wrote a script from Harold Sinclair's novel, was a very gifted writer and wrote many fine scripts. This scenario is poorly written and poorly explored. They mention the terrible conditions of prison in Andersonville, at the time of film Andersonville was not in operation. They also use guns that were not used at that time. John Ford has directed films over 40 years and has won 4 Oscars. He must have been sick when making this. His usual style was missing. Perhaps this was a film in the south and east, and not in the Monument Valley. Usually he had a stock company that he used in almost his entire movie, MOST missed this time. This time only the few cowboy stars Hoot Gibson and Ken Curtiss have roles and of course Anna Lee plays a small role. There were no other celebrities except 3 stars. Mr. Fords made most of his classic films; Unfortunately, we have missed here. Now we come to the main stars of John Vaine and Willie Holden. The Duke also had to be sick. Such a role fits perfectly into his style, he was here adequate. William Holden did the best he could, but nowhere as good as he was usually. It was necessary for the actress to be in this type of film. Here in her first lead role (second film) is Constanta Tovers, a very nice person, But not really an actress, She still has roles on television. Let me be kind and say that she had a long career, more based on her appearance than acting talent. Also in Caas as Mrs. Tovers the servant is tennis star Althea Gibson. I'm glad she remained in tennis. A few military songs allegedly performed by a marching cavalry are not at all good. Action scenes were good, but they came at the end of the movie. Ratings * 1/2 * (of 4) 47 points (out of 100) IMDb 4 (out of 10)
