After I saw MIDNIGHT PRODUCTION, I am still convinced that the first decent film about (teenage) witches still needs to be done. I did not mean much about CRAFT and I'm not in CHARMED. The only movie I enjoyed more or less (about teenage witches) was LITTLE VITCHES (1996), and even that was not very good. But the changes are that if you like all the above mentioned movies, you will also enjoy the MIDNIGHT PRODUCTION. But I was quite surprised that this movie is playing very seriously. The act is decent and serious all the time. Teens or something like that do not play jokes. And music scores, initially, I thought it was pretty good. He added a bit of scarcity and something "stylish" with the use of violent violins and all that. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the result was too ambitious. They did not have to add those violent violins when you simply saw someone return to the car, then drive at normal speed. This movie. A few weeks ago, I saw it in HAPPY BIRTHDAI TO ME, a pretty nice, thick draft (and stupid on some occasions) a slasher-movie that she did in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS. And I must say, she was as good as the cold cold bad witch Vivian. But the main problem with the film is: almost nothing is happening! Vivian causes death and misfortune, yes, but that's it. Then there's Robin, a good witch, who only teaches about her powers. We expect the two of them to use their powers several times, but only once use their power to make some pieces of wood and other things fly through the air as projectiles. That should have been a fight between two powerful witches? And worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular display between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or anything else ... but nothing is happening. In the end there is some sort of confrontation, but that's a big disappointment. So, the acting of two witches was good. Music was decent (though too ambitious). And the cinema was sometimes dark and strange. But that's not a good movie yet, is it?
