As is often the case, films about self-portraying characters do not usually make a good drama. 'Download Nancy' is no exception. It is allegedly based on the true story of a woman who was murdered by someone she met on the Internet at her own request. The main character is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sevell). Albert is a successful developer who developed a golf game that his company successfully put into various bars and bar / restaurants. Unlike most human beings, Albert practically has no positive attributes (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). Throughout the film, Albert has a dark and crude expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all his emotional problems and resorted to patronizing prostitutes. When his wife asks for sex, he is punished by masturbation in her presence. The Nancy is the same as a sign. She not only had a fifteen-year marriage without love, but was sexually abused by her uncle as she grew up (fortunately, there are no movies in the movie). Her complacency takes on a form of self-promotion and the result is forced into therapy. However, she has such contempt for her therapist that there is no progress. Finally, Nancy is so depressed to contact Lou through the internet. He is a type of sadomasochistic gig, who has sex with women for money while inflicting a huge amount of pain. It was discovered that Louis has two children, but he can no longer see them (a child's mother no longer wants to have anything to do with him). Nensin's plan is to first have a painful sex with Louis and then kill him. . Especially an embarrassing scene in which Louis has sex with Nancy while breaking her vaginal area with a broken piece of glass. These scenes are shown as flashbacks after Louis visits Alberta connecting him and striking a golf club. It seems that Louis has a double plan to see Albert: 1) to upset him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) enjoy the beatings he receives. It takes some time before Louis reveals Nens's fate, first, forcing Albert to help him take his dog to relatives, so someone will worry about him in the future. Nancy's fate, of course, was that Luy finally mastered her (but he first showed some hesitation because he made it clear that she had some "feelings" for her). We'll soon find out that Louis is imprisoned for life because of Nensi's murder. What exactly will we take away the film like downloading Nancy? Should we be sorry of the victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is this the main point of the film? Is the sympathy for the Nancy really justified? I do not think so. The filmmakers create a man of straw in the image of Alberto, who is so cut off from his emotions that he is responsible for Nensin's fall. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I do not think so. They have a disgusting Luisa, a man who makes a living by applying pain, comes and asks Albert to ignore Nancy. Moreover, his expression of love for Nancy (before killing him) should show his "sensitive side". In the end, it's a little important if the authors of the film have defined where their sympathies lie in various characters in the film. They are so focused on buzzing with their audiences with rampant violence that the Dovnloading Nance becomes nothing more than a practice of poor taste and soft pornography.
