Nothing is particularly original in this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and "chief lawyer" on the other. Powerful but uninteresting lighting and photography stem from the noir cycle. The story could easily be from the Varner Brothers drawer, and George Raft led it. The performances are routine, the line is straight, and even the clothes are placed. (The street is depicted with a single wall of gypsum simulated bricks. There is a poster on it.) The post says "Post without an account.") We met a story and some characters by a great narrator who informs us that although most of the unions are hard and it's really working to improve the causes of its members, a few are corrupt. But we do not know much about the unions or how they operate, although I guess they were successful after the success of "On the Riviera" a few years earlier. Here's just a wedge to hang the story. A real leader of the rings is a dismissed lawyer who runs things through three or four bandits. The District Attorney (or whatever it is) learns, as Dana Andrevs did in Boomerang, that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is charged with murder and that the rest of the film is spent almost alone by digging evidence of Foran's innocence. He goes into the first battles and fights like any cheap movie about a private movie. Brian Keith's D.A. He showed some insinuating talent displays somewhere else, but he spent most of his time quietly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., Is a nice remedy but can not drink well. Beverley Garland is alright, but is undermined by the direction, which looks at the nightclub when it should be hidden. The rest of the actors would be suitable for the TV series. No one helped writing. When "B Girl" is sent by the union mafia to the Philippines, someone advises that she just has to learn a few words from the Spanish. "I only know one word," she says, "Yes, yes." The writers did not believe the audience to know that "you" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits the witness in his apartment over a nightclub. He entered the door and his pistol pushed into his back, but he wandered hard and threw him out. Then it was ordered that someone call the police. The rest of the scene, played at some length in a nightclub on the ground floor, forgets everything about the police and never appears, nor does anyone expect them. Nothing should be ashamed, and some people could enjoy it, but there are similar things, better done, somewhere else.
