A group of hunters finds a werewolf, kills him, cuts his head, and then sells his head to an unethical doctor, Atvill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specialized for corneal transplantation. Researcher Rich Stevens (Mark Savier), whose eyes were destroyed when his acid hit his face during a laboratory explosion, is an unfortunate recipient of the waswolves. It takes some time to get to the first full moon, so first we get a gentle love story between Rich and his compassionate sister Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate to take off her clothes and start feeding Rich in bed before she even has a chance to take turns! After a month at the hospital, Ritch returns home to ice-haired Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately says "You look pretty ugly" before you accelerate in her Kia. Our hero soon reveals that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adulterous scandal that leads the affair with his alleged friend Craig (Lindon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Ritch finds himself in an embarrassing situation as he turns into a (very stupid) creature of a werewolf. Predicted is a slaughter. After having taken Craig's throat out on the beach, Rich in the morning wakes up in the brush, dressing up dull and unclear memories of the evening events. He is friends with dwarf psychologist / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi), and is disturbed by local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian-policeman-detective-in-pantaloo suit Justine Evers (Tarry Markel). When Rich faces dr. Atwill, the Doctor sends his sadistic bald follower Kassa (Eric Mestressat), who gets a blow from the broken corpse with a machete at the clinic, after him. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra returns him to his place and actually raves him on the couch during a lengthy sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for her before he asks for more victims? Shot cheap with your camcorder, this home-made insect has a somewhat unique area with an eye transplant angle, but otherwise it exits the cliché after cliché. The sets are at the pornography level - it seems that the scene in the clinic is recorded in someone's home or apartment. The scenes of the wolf transformation do not look as good as it was in the 1940s. Instead, they use nervous editing. Throw your hair on the actor. Cut. Drop it a little more. Cut. More fur ... and fill his mouth with a full white crow that he can spit on. Cut. There is no need to worry about continuity! There is no disappearance, no dissolution, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. Once completely transformed, the insect costume (designed by Jeff Leroi, who also edited and filmed a movie) is quite terrible. It has red, bright Christmas lights, fur that looks like covered carpet and a plastic face that is almost completely immobile. Several times you can see Camerman's fingers in front of the camera lens, and does the month really stay for five full days in a row? As far as actors are concerned, they are amateur, but tolerant. As for the horrors of horror, they are up there. This is pretty well done, it's only 70 minutes, and offers plenty of red things during the attack scene, as well as the aforementioned T & A from Mrs. Beaton. It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to drive a wave of digital video when he first began to dominate the low-budget / independent hornar scene from the middle / end 90's. Many of his notorious productions have been published by Brain Damage Films, a label that will avoid the plague most of the time. FKS boy Jeff Leroi (who is on the list of co-directors on IMDb but not in actual movie points) and Vinnie Bilancio (appearing in the small role of one of the hunters) continued to make much more fun and polished exploitation of the film VEREVOLF IN A VOMEN'S PRISON 2006, which had a similar look on the screen (red glossy eyes and everything).
