This adaptation, as in 1949 * The Heiress *, is based on the novel Henri James. * The heir, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a valued act, though less faithful to James's original story than this new remake, which retains James's original title. This is the story of an unpleasant but beloved daughter (Leigh), dedicated to her father (Finneiu) after her mother dies during her birth. The arrogant father keeps his daughter without any respect and believes that she, like all women, is simple. When a young man (Chaplin) of a good family and a little fortune comes to be courted, the Father is naturally suspicious, but he feels so sure that his daughter can not be interested in any man, he is convinced that the young man is a hunter of fortune and forbids her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress? I love her the most or hate her ?? and always has a special tension and tension in his style, as if he is acting through his teeth. She is not bad at this, and she is relatively skilful in managing her role? it's just an inconvenient role for any actress, which is why the audience wants to capture the character behind her shoulders and shake her until she senses. Although the character attracts a lot of sympathy, she is not particularly cute. The very handsome and endlessly attractive Ben Chaplin (previously seen in the * Cake and Dog Truth) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery that is needed in order for the audience to guess whether he is seeking her wealth or is really in love with her. Maggie Smith is one of the most beautiful actresses of the living and significantly raises the level of the film by showing her well-being aunt. Fini is, of course, beautiful, like a father who threatens to deprive her daughter of inheritance because of her disobedience, but her daughter is ready to risk it for the man she loves. But is her passionate patron still wanting without her wealth? This is just one example where * Washington Surprises * is different from * The Heiress *. The other instance is the ability to hold on to it. It's a handsome movie that's boring like a dripping tap, offering too little stories in the movie.
