Edwin Porter's Short Film from 1903 under the title "The Great Plunder of the Train" enters the screen with so much excitement and imagination that he is preparing to take it another pioneering early film. Just like Melies' "The Way to the Moon," critics welcomed this as a movie that introduced the Western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. He had everything from planning, actual train looting, murder of unwanted civilians, and those hinting final scenes that led you to realize that these criminals mean a job? everything was monumental for its time. From here to Eastwood, every Western director used Porter's image in some form or another to create his story. It can not be said that this movie did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but beyond his initial excitement? there really is nothing there that could be caught. Maybe I'm upset by the clichés of modern westerns and their random messages, but how can something be cliche before it's cliché? To me, the "Great Robbery of the Train" seemed forced, invisible and not surprising. Unlike Melia, Porter tells a very linear story. Robbers alter the course of the train, rob it, then shoot random people just to prove that they are real criminals, and the ending scene ends up as any predefined movie, without surprises or mistakes, and that man with a gun to your proverbial face. It's a little bit. Porter's film is boring. In the edition I was watching, it was adding colors to the end to emphasize the emotion, which was cheap and did not encourage the director, nor the viewer. The question remains that, although important, Porter's film is re-borrowed, in fact, it has become diluted. The story itself does not bear the emotional power it once had. Unlike the Melies early film, I can not watch this again. I know what happened, I know it's a little behind the scenes, and that is exactly what it was supposed to be? a simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This question is not only my arrest with this film, but also the strongest element that can be seen in such an early film. While it was bored, the fact that she had told such a strong story ?? that our characters were characters with motives and instincts, it was remarkable to see. In an era where unpublished films seemed to be mainstream, this broke the mold. Again, do not I jump on the propeller belt about this movie? Is it an important movie? It's just not a great movie. All in all, I was impatient to go into this movie to see where the roots of the western genre were rooted, but I was equally happy to leave this movie behind. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson obviously continued to be very successful in the created field, but I just was not impressed by the film. I did not expect big budget effects like Melies, nor did I expect a duplicate "A Trip to the Moon," but I wanted to see the same creativity, research and originality. I felt that Porter was safe, if that could be said with such an early film, but I could not feel the excitement while our wicked ones did their evil deeds. I did not take root for anyone, and the final conclusion showed that the kitschiness of it had passed minutes after the film began. He was pioneering, but not monumental. The "great plunder of the train" lost its space in the time capsule of the film. Rating: ** from *****
