SPOILERS (IF NOW IS NOT READY IN THE FIRST TWO MINUTES OF THE FILM) Robin Villiams is actually pretty good at this as a friendly, lonely, emotionally slowed loser Si. He makes a very human, even a cute psycho, and really disappears into a character - not a small feat for such a recognizable performer. Too bad the rest of the film is such a loss. The accompanying performances (and performers) would not look unreasonable in soft-core pornou (this does not help that every character other than Si is made of 100% cardboard). Sometimes it seems that the director is really trying to tense the tension: we know from the first moments a) that Si is a complete job, b) to survive, and c) that police officers take him to an end. So, all we have left is to think about how and why, and the answers are not so interesting. The operation is plodding and contrived, and there are some pointless moments (for example, a husband regrets his wife because of her expensive tastes, although she seems to spend all her spare time at a local discount store. About two-thirds of times, You are doing something so unpredictably stupid that it seems strange how much he really cares about his great vengeance scheme. And finally the explanation of his psychosis, immediately after Peeping Tom, is a terrible dance. Dialogue is absolutely the worst It's not overwritten, or inconvenient, or incredible, or bad at any one and another way that can be considered fun, even for lovers of bad films. Instead, each line is purely, disgustingly functional - it's like the director handed over a draft to the press and said: "Hey, I need an applicable scenario for this - in an hour. "I wanted to scream cursing honestly. It seems that this film appears to be a return to the suburban thrillers of the '80s and' 90s of the last century ('The Hand That Rocks the Cradle'), and although this is It's certainly unpleasant, it's never really scary. Si's fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable, but this alone is not enough to make the film work. In the end, the lack of mastery of all involved, apart from Robin Villiams, is this. 3 of 10
