Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for ratings. Starting with Samurai Jack's denial, the network seemed disgusting to remove all the shows that made it so popular, such as Poverpuff Girls, Deck Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. mediocre shovs. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chovder stand out for their clever writing and audience tricks, there are many other shows that are either horrible films (George of the Jungle) or the discovery of other shows, such as The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, where the title character works the same as Spongebob, and then there is a Johnny Test, which is something that is a replacement for Decker's lab, although this is much more than a pure tear away from anything. The characters of the show are clearly derived from Decker's lab, only this time the focus is on Johnny, a blonde (or fiery-hair) character who is troubling her twin sisters, Susan and Mari, who just met their looks like Dekter, from orange hair, to glasses, impossible technology. There is even an rival genius named Bling Bling Boi or Eugene, who seems to sit for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and dog talking, one of Dekter's ... I mean, Susan and Marie early experiments. The Decter Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple but effective artistic style, a nice main character, and episodes that do not seem long. The Johnny Test is much different. The artistic style here is not even approximate to the eyes. In fact, it looks absolutely awful. The characters have a motivation that makes them really boring or repulsive. For example, as most episode series consist of Johnny and Dookie's quest for devastation on neighboring Sissi girl, whom Johnny secretly likes, or the obsession of twins over a boy from a neighborhood. Seeing that these two geniuses fall into perspective in the form of abs and the fact that Johnny seems like someone you NEVER want to join, there is no real connection between viewers and characters. One thing in the series In his name, it's hard to exploit that Johnny Susan and Mary's guinea pig for their experiments. They range from the transformation of Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous, and even to women. Then twins help Johnny in any scheme he plans in return for his services. Whenever an episode with such a "vin / vin" job appears, it is usually canceled in appearance, and those who do not remove from the tracks never end satisfactorily. Writing is moving from a central however, it's terrible. The "fat" episode keeps repeating: "It's Phat with PH. There's a difference, you know." which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when it seems that PROMOTION of obesity in children, Johnny is becoming a celebrity star with money and video games only to become fat. Let's talk about how the show does not completely disconnect the Dekter Laboratory. The show is cast in many characters, of two men in black, called theirs. Black and Mr. A warrior, a military general who seems to have all his problems solved through Johnny and his sisters, and a lot of super-villains, although even here, the show is stealing ideas for other sources, such as Mr. Freezing a teenage clone, an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule over man (such as the evil story of a cat from Poverpuff Girls), a messy maniac, a trio of slippery skaters, and even a mole, who is probably the most negative in the media. At the top of everything, besides its ugly animation and similar characters, and loud acting transient (like voices for Mr. Blacka and Mr. Withea) to just hear the ear (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every villain in emission). The thematic song is the only appealing thing for this show, but then only a few episodes were re-made with the band that just destroyed it. So at the end of the Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. His horrible references and jokes about teenagers culture will remove little interest in children in the show, while her brilliant color, ripped-off characters and episode retreat will destroy the experience for teenagers. It's just one of those shit that shows Cartoon Netvork exaggerating to deceive people to watch it (like MTV to rap). If you need a performance that will satisfy your children in half an hour, it's better to stick to SpongeBob, because the Johnny Test is more of a "test" patience than anything else.
