As you can guess in my rating and my title of this review I do not like the Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people will say, "How do you know how bad it is? Have you ever watched?", I watched this show several times because I'm teaching a movie and an animation and it just does not keep a candle on my scales. I want to talk about animation first because this is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Like the first two seasons or just the first season, we had a hand-drawn animation. I thought it was a nice show that could be viewed when it was hand-drawn, but then switched to flash animation, and the quality decreased for a huge amount. Look at the story of the show. Trying to be too hard to be like the Dekter's laboratory, but there are differences, because instead of a redheaded scientist there are two and both are females. There is a dog saying (why?), And the parents' attitudes change slightly. I have others, but I do not think I can write them here (I do not mean cursing, but I do not think I know if there is a limit on words.) Everything else is still on the spot, even DeeDee likes Johnny. He only tries to be a Decker, but I just think it's a soulless pad. In the end I want to talk about jokes. Do you remember in Decter's laboratory some of the jokes that involved shouting? Yes, shouting can be good for a joke or two, but Decker's lab had cunning remarks that made me go back and check if it was a joke. The Johnny Test only forgets everything and only shouts 50% of the time and stops music whenever a stupid joke or one liner appears. It's not a comedy, it's a stupid comedy (I know what some people think. Are not the three stupid ones a stupid comedy? Watch this and Johnny Test back and you laugh at the first option.) Sometimes jokes are based on bizarre situations that, like Chovder, drive me out. I have a common rule for cartoons and comedies: for a much bizarre, not equally comedy, it seems like you think "what am I looking at?". So it appears on all accounts. Do not watch this show if you have any respect for comedy in any form, form, or form.
