There are no reasons for the seriousness of this documentary, and for this there are four reasons: 1) The people who made this documentary (including directors and producers) are Serbs or Serbs, that is, the neutrality criteria fail. For example, they mentioned that the Croats from the Diaspora (the so-called "Ustasha") played a major role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there are equal Serbian organizations (Chetniks)! For you who are not familiar with Balkan history VV2: Serbian so-called. The "Chetniks" who are portrayed in the documentary as being so kind that they helped British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's just half the truth. They were also a fascist (Monarchist) group that co-operated with the Germans, but then switched aside when Hitler began to lose the war. Ironically, the documentary does not mention the leader of Cetnik Mihajlovic, the man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But he mentioned an Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me be a little suspicious. 2) Most interviewed people are completely unfamiliar to me. I've been studying this war for a long time (who is the old British lady! She did not really do her homework!) And they are not even represented by their name, so they could have been more or less anyone, perhaps someone they took from the street. Who knows. 3) The documentary speaks of Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there for years, and therefore should belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention the Serbian part of Croatia (Krajina), suddenly the Serbs are presented as those who have the right to live there because it is their home so long. Good, but what people do not know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for the Croatian people. There is one of the most famous kings of Croatian history crowned (Zvonimir), so the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later. But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo as a documentary film. Is that fair? For me, this looks like a double standard of morality from the director. In addition, the documentary says that the Croatian Constitution did not have any laws on minority rights, that is a lie because it was one of the first laws that were implemented, because Croatia had a large Serb minority. > 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavaš. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a major reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they are radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why do not you mention Serbian radical paramilitary leaders such as Seselj and Arkan? There are many disadvantages that I just presented, just to get people to see the documentary film. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives might scoff or something similar. There are not many documentary films that are high quality, but so far the best is "Death of Yugoslavia" where all the relevant participants of the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic). etc.) and where you will receive a full five-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and war. Another thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary where the person was frustrated because the US supported the country (Bosnia) that had ties to Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all countries involved in this conflict had nationalistic presidents, and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality in order to they picked up. a spirit among people, and that was by connecting with the only things that they had in common: their religion. They took the help of the mujahedin because no one else would support them. They had to fight against the fourth largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way for people to unite in the war. History has shown it to us.
