First of all, I apologize for my English. Everyone from the former Yugoslavia will agree with me who are not some extreme Serbian radicals. This film shows the Serbian side and only the Serbian side. Serbian crimes were not represented. Fortunately, everyone can see that the film was made by the Serbs, so there is no neutrality. All "professionals" who are interviewed are not professionals. Someone just read a book written by a radical Serb, another denied genocide, and so on. Just because the Slovenes were lucky. There were not many Serbs in Slovenia, and the JNA could not come to Slovenia via Croatia (after the beginning of the war between Croatia and Serbia). Every Slovenian is outraged by all the accusations in this film. Every reasonable Croat will agree with one thing: independence was too early. Perhaps all major conflicts could be avoided. However, mentioning the Second World War and some unrelated things is a truly pathetic attempt to justify everything. Imagine that the Japanese threw nuclear bombs in Seattle and Washington, and justified Hiroshima and Nagasaki. You will not find evidence about a JNA soldier and kill Serbian civilians near Vukovar. But you can find the tape in a report that reported that his allegations of Serb civilians near Vukovar were lies. Everything over the Internet. The director forgot to mention the whole bombing of Vukovar by the JNA (now on the side of Serbia and Montenegro - and 100% full of Serbs and Montenegrins). At first, it was just a resistance movement. But the director somehow forgot about the mentioned cooperation with the Nazis, including the Ustashas, ​​the ethnic cleansing and the re-fight against the Yugoslav partisans. There are thousands of other things, but everything can be easily checked. There are many wrong things in the film. Only a few allegations are true. Every Croatian film is outraged by this film. I believe that I do not have to mention the denial of genocide in Srebrenica, a genocide that has too much evidence. Imagine a film about holocaust denial. This film is the same. And according to this film, Bosnian Muslims in Sarajevo themselves bombed. Every Bosnian Muslim is bitter with this film. Somehow, the director forgot to mention the short occupation of a small part of the Macedonian country by the Serbs. Croats, Slovenians, Bosnians and Macedonians never entered the borders of Serbia. If you are not a Serb and you began to believe in some of the things in this film, know that the Serbs have some kind of propaganda that Croats, Bosnian Muslims and Macedonians are actually Serbs who formed their history. So ... Even 50% of the Serbs will say that this movie is "small" extreme and pro-Serbian. Serbian radicals are very, very satisfied with this film (about 40% of Serbs vote for radicals). I think everyone understands my attitudes here. There is very little truth in this so-called documentary, and my advice to everyone is: Get in touch before watching this movie. After that, you will only laugh at all pathetic accusations. Take a real, neutral documentary on the death of Yugoslavia.
