This is easily the worst Presley's vehicle ever, which would bring us pretty close to the worst film ever made. It's measurably worse than even a disgusting song "Happy End" at the end of "It Happened at the World Fair", and here I thought it was the moment when Elvis bought all the seller's balloons for her girlfriend, and then the seller of balloons got jiggi on the marching band was the content of a bad movie and could not be at the top. I usually enjoy the random Elvis motion, if not for something else, except in the memory of the time when we were innocent enough to sit through it. This, however, should be called "Live a Little, I Want You to Be Dead", and "Stai Avai Joe" looks like Olivier plays Othello. Here, Elvis plays Greg, essentially a hippie free-lance photographer, apart from hairstyles for founding. After an amusing morning of a reckless drive, he ends up on the beach where a woman is being taken away by her, depending on the scene and who is telling her. It is clear that Michele Carey was chosen for her similarity and ability to mimic Elizabeth Tailor (if I watched this without glasses, I thought Liz had a female lead in the late 1960s). She curses her Elvis until she hits the water and seizes a suitable film inflammation of the lungs, and then keeps it complemented by consciousness on her beaches for so long that she loses her job and her apartment so that she shifts her things into the house before she goes to the house. he wonders if he does not tell him (the audience does not even know about it until Elvis tries to get back to work, and his boss hits him for no reason other than he deserves to film this film, and tries to go home and finds something in the hate that lives in his house). Instead of being arrested for kidnapping, theft and assault, he leaves and gets two jobs to repay the rent that Miss Crazi Pants had to pass when he stole all his belongings. The work that works for Don Porter in a Plaiboi magazine type, the job of two is up for Rudi Vallee's work in a fashion magazine. I think duplicity should be a comedy, a shame that it's not funny, unless you smile a hundred times when you see someone running up and down the stairs in a quick move to silly music. The prevailing obstacle to preventing Greg to fall for his hijacker is her second love interest, the terribly wrong Dick Sargent (let's face it, whether Porter or Vallee, even in view of their advanced years in 1968, made much more compelling competition. Variety I have always been waiting for something to happen and make it all meaningful, it's never. The fun is about three minutes and it consists of Elvis's "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie that I was put in) and a funny five seconds where Elvis flops on the couch and Crazi Pants obviously disassembled it by flying all the pieces when it landed on it. That's it, folks, broken furniture, the only laugh in the whole movie. music or décor can not save this heavenly stink, and this should be avoided at all costs. Looking at this, it can create an unnatural desire of the audience to self-inflict serious bodily injuries.
