When I was seventeen, I sincerely believed Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see all 31 of his "character" film, but my ambition is to own them. I must have been a very bad excuse for seventeen-year-olds. Luckily, the meaning prevailed and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. In the focus of attention this is recently since the release of the remixed version of the song A Little Less Conversation single. (His first to reach the top ten in the UK at age 22? His first UK number 1 in 25) Even when I was seventeen and when I needed psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this movie were not exactly first. However, A Little Less Conversation - rolls and 60 grooves aside - is the real difference. Finding a lesser-known song that only a handful of people know about promoting in mainstream produces a mixture of emotions. It is nice to finally see faith in the song confirmed, but it is sad to see the breakdown of your own private cult. (And what are the chauvinistic songs also. Although Elvis has another word in the second song, it's "to delay"? But what really disturbs me in this movie is not "A Little Less Conversation", but 84 minutes that surround it. Actually based on the novel (Kiss Me Firm But Pliant Lips - what would it be like a romantic novel?) This one sees the boring Elvis hidden with the "comedy" dog and nymph. Within 90 seconds of the meeting with him, Michel Keri asks: "Yes would you love to make love with me? "Pretty fast movement to all standards I'm sure you will agree. It seems to me d and I remember that some of Elvis's early films - in particular Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not too bad, but this is just an identical mountain cobbler. The release from the paperwork can lead to a five-minute battle in karate with several gingernutes, which leads to the accumulation of the highway , which is good for laughter, and the models are dressed like pink sirens. There is even a lot of dreams for God's sake. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype that she disagrees with is that there are not enough songs. With only four you can choose, including the number of credits, you wait for an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some movies would become irrelevant by having too many tunes, but here they could help reduce pain. Of the remaining three tracks, The Edge of Realty is not really that bad, although Elvis's dance with her must have been called "The Bear Trap". In one sense, for a PG certification film from 1968, then it is shockingly high on sexual content. Unfortunately, with the dogs who speak, with a mid-American sitcom and the strongest dance you'll ever see, Elvis's dignity has been ruined by this film.
