One can not deny that the first Azumi film was a commercial product; It was an adaptation of popular manga and acted as a young, attractive actor, and certainly not lacking in the budget department. However, more than entertaining for what was, and I can not deny that I enjoyed it. "Azumi 2" does not have everything that made the original so beautiful. The first thing that should trigger an alert is the absence of top Ryuhei Kitamura at the helm. It seemed to him to take not only his visual flair and kinetics, but also the original style, beauty and, most importantly, his heart. While the former had a simple "hitlist" action, this story has a mess in the recess, with too many boring characters sticking back in so many times that the potential for any sympathy or patos is erased. An effective interaction between the main characters went; Azumi and her colleagues are often reduced to a bunch of blunt teens who argue in the woods. Characterization does not exist; if one looks really worry about who lives and who dies, I will be shocked. The same goes for the villains. The final battle - in fact all the battles - is completely devoid of any tension. The fact that they are poorly choreographed and unusually oriented - not to mention a bit and far between - is made by the side side of their pure nonsense. Zlikovci are trying too hard to be campus, and even if they are all combined, they do not come to the country's mile from Pete Burnsian Antique Jo Odagiri in the original. ## ## Major Spoiler at the end of the paragraph! ##### Aia Ueto tries to say all the best, and she has also managed to keep her hair in good condition between the movies. Azumi is now a full-time killer, which means he can swing with a sword slowly; Unfortunately, now the character is embedded with some kind of mystery in the style of a man without a name, Ueto's model seems even more inappropriate. I know that this should be the point, but this in combination with the inefficiency of all the others in the film, the stupidity of the plot and the general incompetence of the film in general means that it is really impossible beyond its character this time. The less talked about Chiaki's "Remember Me From Kill Bill", Kuriiamin performs the better; It is enough to say that her "turn" from good to evil is subtle as napalm. All in all, this is just a colossal disappointment. Any merit was done ten times better in the first movie. Lie, unsatisfactory - and generally boring - a mess.
