The day finally came to testify to the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as a killer, the realization of her character, and the ultimate attempt to draw me deeper into the world that had been so mercilessly experienced during the first saga. It's as poetic as I'll get when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I huddled over the heavy sentimentality of the House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aia Ueto who was showing the killer from the blood , after watching Azumi 2 I began to appreciate the aforementioned disadvantages more than ever before. Not only does the determination of each killer feel the throbbing and discomfort, but many important elements are left out of the whole experience. In Azuma 1, we saw the killers use various hidden tactics (their priority number one), as well as the logic to ease their stamps by quick executions and faster abilities to escape. But I will not hold too much against this film, because the story has been altered a little this time, and many more obstacles have been planted on Azumi to prevent a warrior from showing up any signs of charisma. Otherwise, Chiaki is stupidly postponed for most of the movie and plays basically a reduced version of Go Go, a minus cool weapon and a sense of threat. It leads me to the finals. a blow that is action, simply disguised as the "deadly" side of the epic. In the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising opponents with a humorous look and even a shimmering weapon. Nobody is surprised that they encounter one way or another in one way or another, but the film does not satisfy when each one starts to die too fast and too easily. In Azumi 1, young assassins generally overpowered the opposition with fast but rather satisfactory battles, and the final settlement between Azumi and Bijomaru in relation to the Azumi 2 fighting was at least the peak and worth of effort. Some interesting effects have been introduced, but they have not been able to achieve innovation due to a short encounter. In no way do I break down the conventional style of Samurai movies with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi movies were so imaginative and went out of the anime that the rules could be broken and that the action should have been further enriched. Br /> The romantic side of Azumi is there to fill the time between the fighting scene and, unfortunately, does not serve the purpose and does not provide the necessary resolution. As a fan of an open mind for a wide range of movies and animations, I will not lie and admit my neutrality and impresiveness to the first Azumi movie, but I will turn around and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look as a fabulous masterpiece. For what is worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could go straight to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and the unsuccessful potential to add or even expand the uneven journey of the desperate murderers, doing everything in his power to establish peace, with unshakable courage to die trying.
