This is my friend Brian told about this movie after about an hour. He was not able to shake. I was thinking about how terrible it was, and finally I gave it a break, and I played it, because my adjectives for "boring" were out of thin. Imagine, if you want, the peak of work. Something so uninspired, so impossible, that everything you want to do after watching is to sit alone in the dark and not to talk to anyone. Some people work under the illusion that this movie can be watched. It's not, under any kind of narcotics or brain damage. I would just recommend this to someone to help them understand how really unbearable. You do not believe me? Gather up. But, as a nation in America, we are not always showing Middle Eastern nations in a tasty way. But what about a child wearing a sheik wardrobe slaughtering a mold on a bottle of Castrol engine oil? You will find it here. GET IT? ARABIA IMPROVES OIL. I could not believe what I saw. It would be more convenient to have jets to fly to the skyscraper. Who in his common sense would have thought it was a funny joke? Not even close to "smartly offensive". It's just bullshit and makes you want to hit anyone who gets paid to write that piece in the face. In the middle of the film, five singing groups called "Mine" are on stage on an officer's ball. Okay, are you ready? The joke is ALWAYS AND IS EXCLUDED. Why did I write it on the hats? Because the POUND, POUND joke is at the top of the HORRENDOUS marathon. They start central enough; shooting goggles, breaking tamblers ... then there, I'm 100% serious, a stop-motion sequence with two shots comes out of a woman's shoes. You read it well - the music was so bad, in one frame, women had shoes. In the next - shoes are off !!! Take it, because the music was so bad, that its shoes fell! What the F ???? Then there is endless photo editing to get to the point where the singing is bad. If a human being was actually going through this stage in the theater without running like hell, I would be stunned. This film is sincere like a practical joke to see how people will quickly pull out the door. Robert Dovna Sr. directs comedy to the way his son commands respect, leaving behind drugs. Badli. Other things to pay attention to: 1. Popular music was covered wherever possible. Every time Liceman appears, really rude Iggi Pop song plays. Plus, all actors do their best to act as if it was really cold for some reason. 2. Barbara Bach is a criminally awesome accent. It sounds like she's trying to talk like a baby while her marble moves her tongue. There is no nudity, and there are also several scenes in which boys all scream and scream from a brief glance at her décolletes, as if they were in the acting class at a community school and were instructed to act like excited retarded people. 3. Liceman feeds his disgusting dog with condoms. To remember; when this film came out throwing it into "abortion" and "condom" was seen as "nervous". 4. Tom Poston plays a pedophile of a hungry boy, when the Hollywood thought is "pedophile" and "homosexual" one in the same. Incompetent. 5. Look at the end. Nothing is wrong with your VCR. It's actually the end. Tell me this does not make you want to explode anyone who has ever made any movie. Take this at your own risk. Up Academy is known for making other films, such as The Jerk or Blazing Saddles, which is less funny by placing a video tape close to them.
