There are a few things wrong in this movie - Brenda Song is one of them. I do not think the girl is a bad actor - honestly not. I believe that she gets bad lines. She just needs to be, "that futile, rich girl," and while in TV shows it's funny, she can not even laugh from me. Or, in fact, I really should know what to expect when I sat down to watch this movie. The film was not so awesome ... at first. Wendy's reaction to Shen was completely natural. I mean, how would you feel that a man who claims to be a reincarnated monk has been persecuted around you and ordered you to wear a medallion and insist that you need to fight the "great evil" and save the world? Which brings me to the second point. I know this film is completely fiction, but it still has a foundation in Chinese culture. It seems that all "warriors" in Wendi's family line are women. Correct me if I make a mistake, but I doubt that the monks would only agree with it. Of course, they might have somehow succeeded, but they did not offer any explanation. In this way, they have only contributed to numerous attempts to make women's empowerment by Hollywood and the media. Still, - let's continue. Wendy's character becomes more unbearable as the film continues. Yes, she is a teenager, and she is close to returning home - I mean, who wants to fight the evil on return home? The problem is, when "evil" begins to manifest itself, Wendy does not seem to be exhausted as it should. It's extremely careless - even for someone like her. She still does not care about her training. I will use this conversation as an example, Shen: "If you do not win this battle, evil will take over and everything will be gone." Wendy: "Wow, talk about pressure. Well ... let's talk about something else." Yes, come on, Wendy. Let's go to dance when you need to be educated. Of course Shen allows her, but his character has an excuse. She'd better cooperate with her than not, and she does not train at all, and kill them both. Oh, when we're already in it. Schoen told Wendy that his fate was that he died for her in combat, as he did for her grandmother (I assume that part). It makes Vendy actions even more unforgivable. Br /> As the script writer had, Wendy's return home and this "great battle" were exactly the same day. Do you know what Wendy is doing? Do you even have to guess? Yes, he eventually goes into battle, because when he tries to go back to return, the monks (who Shen captured in the body of his coach and teacher because "he felt strangely fighting the old man"), inform that Shen went to the battle Sam, so she's going to save him. At first we see half-decent fighting, which are actually fun. Until finally, Wendy's body-rival-for-return home does not do much evil, and creates a real embodiment of himself from the broken bodies of his ancient warriors. Do not ask. In any case, Wendy becomes "panic." Then Shen goes and defends her from this guy - forgive me for forgetting his long Chinese name - and I managed to kill myself. Wendy catches Shen while he makes his long descent of inconvenience to be high in She screams the title of the spoken article. Now ... it was bad enough that Wendy became powerful, far, too fast. No, I will not allow this to be justified because it was her "destiny" and she had "power within her." Since then, did she learn healing? No, worst ... since when could people raise people? So Shen rose from the dead. Then, Wendy and he fight with him. It loses the way to ease. The worst part is when they jump together and hit it at the same time, and it is forever banished. Then the monks praised Wendy for her sacrifice. Two things, # 1: Do the scriptwriter and the director do not know that for the battle it takes a bit more "fine"? # 2: What kind of sacrifice? The fact that she did not go back home? Because the girl did not break her sweat and even bleed. I mean, come on now, this movie was TV PG, I wanted to see someone injured. Ah-hem ... we move on. I know it sounds like I should have given a movie once, based on my comments. Part of the criticism, you have to know, however, to break things. Do not try to necessarily look bad, but if it's there, draw attention to it. This movie has a lot of bad, but something funny happens when you really do not expect something to be too big. So, I guess everything's okay. Not to say that it was not right, I would not look at anyone.
