I thought that the movie (especially the shop) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain Western and untrue in an attempt to produce an eastern sense in the film. I will give three of the many shortcomings of the film: First, when Shen told Wendy to help her study the history of China, I was really happy that the audience would receive some information on Chinese history; but it turned out that the film did not really show that Wendy was actually studying Chinese history; but instead, the film only shows that Wendy practiced the method of remembering what she was studying, which frustrated me and stunned me. - The moon cakes this and the month of the cake and how it tastes good. Still, they did not really mention their real significance. The only thing they discussed, which was significant for the moon cake, was the Autumn Festival, which did not explain or went deeper. They could have mentioned the myth that is in correlation with the moon cake - the Moonlight lady. The myth began about the existence of ten suns and each of them would rotate, but one day the ten suns rose, dried up the earth with increased heat; so the Divine Sagittarius, Hou Ii, killed nine out of ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions in which Hou Ii fired eight out of nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he received a pill of immortality so that he could live forever if ten suns were rebuilt, but his wife, Chang-O, stole them. After having stolen her, she ran to the Moon, where she met a rabbit. Then she came across an idea and told the rabbit to pound a pile in many pieces so she could spread the pill around the whole country, giving all immortality. (There are several variations of this story, but during my childhood, I've mostly heard about this version). I thought that such details like this would make the Chinese action more cultural. The last thing I would point out is the last battle in the movie. The teachers who were possessed by the monks fought against the Terakota warrior (life statue of soldiers) against the idea of ​​how much Chinese history is important to the Chinese. Terra-cotta Varrors serves as a link to the Chinese past and was very Western (where evil must be killed in any case) that monks in films were willing to destroy this relationship. It would be understandable that Wendy, given that she was Chinese-American and had no full Chinese knowledge, had no problem destroying these priceless artifacts. and Shen want to fight ... I mean, the TVPG was rated for violence, which is against Confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony. It seems to be more precise that the monks try to avoid violence and try to calm things calmly before they begin to violently. All in all, all producers, writers or directors. He did not do his research thoroughly and instead worked an untidy and effortless job. I suggest that they stop broadcasting this movie or take a film again to include more precise information; however, I would give her a recognition (2 stars) for the removal of one stereotype about the Asians and Americans of Asia that are smart and quiet.
