I realize that life in the western plains of Wyoming in the 1900s was brutal, in fact, today is probably still brutal, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made for TV" film? Likewise, women's rights continued to flourish in this nation at that time, so as to find an independent woman who decided to start fresh in this cruel territory, and still shows the realism of the era? Would that be good for watching? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the past two days, and I still can not gather the strength to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly tell you that it was not the best I ever saw. Of the few bunch of acting styles, up to two unadjusted actors who play without an emotional character, to some of the most arrogant PG rated scenes that have ever emerged from theaters in the late 1970s, it's hard to get a good understanding of Heartland. Was it good? Was it bad? It may be for you to look and decide for yourself, but by then, here are the moments I enjoyed and desperately hated! This film is still a struggle in my mind, because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director worked or in which direction he started, but somehow it seemed to me to function well as a whole. I thought that the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical story. I do not know much about life in Vioming, especially in the early 1900s, so this film captured that picture in my mind. The thought of a very cold winter, without neighbors miles per mile, and this view of a Polaroid protester untouched by corporate America. It was refreshing for testimony and an enchanting experience (albeit on television). There were scenes that really stood out in my head, such as a scene for branding cattle, a scene of slaughtering scenes, and a saddening homesteader who did not survive their path, which only brought the true sense of realism into this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of watching the viewer at Vioming, but I'm not sure that he brought decent players to follow that view. While I will constantly compliment the scene of this film, I had a problem to deal with the actors who apparently walked around the set and read their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed unquestionably in his role as Clide Stevart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Conchat Ferrell's Elinore Randall. Two actors do not have chemistry at all. Their scenes shared together are meaningless and sincere without any emotions. The pregnancy scene almost took me through the way these two "veteran" actors showed up. Brave Elinore does what he has to do to get the kid out of it, while Clyde approves of the nodding as he finishes. This is Love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, I think that with stronger characters I would see a stronger bond, but with Torne and Ferrell, it felt like two actors just playing their part. Other scenes that seemed to me to be struggling in my mind were the ones like when the horse was frozen at the door to the food or shelter, the fading pity Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I simply did not believe) was constantly fading away from the real winter fighting, and the entire terrestrial scene. Land scene, especially because I needed more explanation about what Elinore was doing, why she did it, and why Clyde would build her house if they were married! These were simple events that, if they took time to explore, made a stronger movie. All in all, with this feature I will go midway. There were definitely elements to be explored deeper, such as the relationship between these two foreigners and the ultimate goal of Elinore, but they were opposed to some wonderful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes, spanning 100 years, have changed from huge mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some glittering scenes of realism (playing cattle and pigs), I felt like we needed more. The depth was the key element missing in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal acting and an ever-lesser story. Pearce could dive deeper into this unused world, but instead left open holes and clichy western characters. Ferrel wore his own, but Thorn was completely wrong. It's competent to watch, but it will not pick me up again. Rating: ** from *****
