Josephu Mankieviczu in Sleuth did not need a remake. It's a well-made movie that's still standing today. However, bearing in mind that the modern remake of the machine is currently in full swing; I can not really say that I am surprised that the film was updated for the modern audience. The story remains identical to the original film, and at its core we have a story about a young man, Milou Tindle, who goes to see an elderly man, Andrew Vike, to talk about a divorce because a younger man is related to women of an older man. From there follows a game of cats and mice. It's quite clear from the very beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and it does it through a central location, which has changed from the charming village home of the original and technical wonder. with layers of security equipment. I'm glad the director has chosen to make this change because no one wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; Plus there's the fact that the site is well-used and it's always nice to watch. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end up there. The original film lasted more than two hours, while this remake is only a hue for eighty minutes. Of course, this means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately these are the characters who suffer. The action was also rushed and we quickly entered the first turn of the story and before giving us a chance to truly understand why and how these events can take place. The film does not build characters, or the relationship between them, enough to ensure that their relationship makes sense. One of the main things that has changed over the older character is his obsession; In the original, there were obsessed games that turned out to be VERY important when they were playing. There is a kind of security fetish here that does not mean anything to the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the film allows a classic grade, but the class ends up there. The original has progressed on this, but this film is only happy to bleed with numerous and mostly unjustified occasions; which all appreciates. The final craft in the story is completely different from the way it was in the original and ensures that the film comes down to a really terrible conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood, I respected and loved the two characters shown in the film - after eighty minutes, I hated them both. I have some respect for Branagh because I do not just release a copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great performance Anthony Shaffer.
