Harold Pinter overwrites Anthony Schaeffer's classic performance about a man who visits her lover's husband and has it all aside. The original film was played by Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine plays the role of Olivier in this version and is paired with Jude Leo. The film is directed by Kenneth Branaugh. The acting is spectacular. Both Caine and Leo are gangbusters in their roles. I really like chemistry and personality conflict. It is wonderful and sufficient reason to look when the direction of the script becomes vague. Dialogue Harold Pinter is sharp and sharp and often very funny and I understand why he was chosen to copy the play (which is updated) to use surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the way in which the script drives characters is terrible. Michale Caine is walking legally through his unusual modern house with sliding doors and panels without really good reason. Conversations are repeated at different locations. I know that Pinter did it in his plays, but in this case it becomes tiring. Why do we need the couple to go over and over again and again because of the fact that the law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be okay that at some point the law says enough to do it, but it does not seem like it is the first time. The script also does not move Caine through his manipulation by law all well. To begin with, he is blindly angry to start, so there is no way he can turn around and scare us. (It's not too late in discovering the game you're wondering about being tortured). Here, as well as giving priority, it is somehow false, because it is so clear that we are forced to ask why Milo does not see that it is set up. There are a few more cases, but to say more, that would be too much. Thinking about the film in retrospect, I think it's a missed opportunity and a wrong step. Missed opportunities are a chance to have a better fireworks between Caine and Lava. Mistakes in the fact that the choice of rough environment and strange movements in the shop deprives the creation of tension and a convincing thriller. Instead, we get smart dialogue and excellent performance in a movie that does not allow them to be real. In spite of some great performance and witty dialogue, this is only 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does not work
