I'm not sure whether the filmmakers wanted a movie like "Sav" or "12 Angry Men" (people are gathering facts to come to the truth). Whatever it is, it's badly done and it's not worth watching. I do not watch movies for blood and blood, but because this movie did not have much to do with it, it should show real killing. more. Most were out of the camera, minimizing the horror that we should feel dead. Also I was tortured to be a policeman among the victims; he unconsciously contributed to an innocent young man who went to jail by accepting the planted evidence (given by MJH) to the evidence room. (And would not the MJH be a prosecutor, he had access to this evidence - bringing out and returning the wrong evidence - in any case, that she would not need the help of a policeman?). Others, although often without realizing that it was a particular person they hurt, still played a greater role in his ultimate death. The arms dealer should know that his rifle will be used for an evil purpose. A security person has dismissed the person who was obviously needed, etc. But the policeman's crime seemed smaller compared to the fact that he did not know exactly what he was doing. Film makers could take him a step further and that he was the one who encouraged MJH to plant evidence, which would have made him guilty. And the MJH shouted that he (the policeman) pulled it into that mess made no sense. It would be more intriguing that every person dies in a way that has offered others the trace of why he / she was there and deserved to die. A security person, for example, could have had requests that he refused to hit down the throat and he was choking; an oriental woman could have had eyes removed because she was a fake witness, etc. Yes, more violent that the gun died, but even more interesting. turn, and the end was one of the worst (if not the worst) I've ever seen. The finish ended three stars out of my rating. Actors did a decent job, especially considering the garbage lines and the motivation they had to work with. times.
