There is so much that's wrong with this little moist farting film that's hard to know where to begin. First of all, it's incredibly terrifying, even according to American standards. The dialogue is cliché, the characters are two-dimensional, the writing is ho-hum, and the few that the story is there is neither coherent nor interesting. Gui (probably divorced, but who knows? This film does not tell us) with a brave heart, a young hero (who does not do anything heroic at all), a brave little child (with a kill-line wide mile) Black Bad-Ass Bitch (with more brains than brain). These guys continue to fight with the High Scari Reaper Man and his evil Evokes. Oh, and the movie is full of evil small metal balls that are about to end with people who threaten. If they are given the chance, they perform brain impregnation surgery on those who do not have mental acuity to bend when they come to them. Booh! In fact, one of them is persecuted by a good spirit (but again, this could be a deceptive spectrum) which seems to help our brave opponents to bring their young abducted friend. No background characters or even an introduction to any character. It begins with some kind of ending of the previous movie, but that does not explain much. If you saw the first two films, okay. Otherwise, you do not know who these people are, how they are connected, why they are not at school or at work, or why you should worry about living or dying. Therefore, you do not. The only point of interest is any spray effect. And there are not enough of those who keep you awake. From potential interests / fun, three Raider punkers, stupid as they are evil, which endanger our heroes. But they do not get much time on the screen. Almost immediately they are abolished. They are then buried (why anyone should take the time outside of me), and then reappear as evil zombies, the evil evil of the attacker. The rest of the movie is mainly composed of Caspar that appears and disappears, rides around in search of places, and Balding Loser tries to achieve something Bad Black Bitch Boots, using lifting lines that will embarrass the mentally retarded teenager. No cubes there; even some free sex could not preserve this movie, so the good thing was never there. Header, called High Man, fails to scare anyone older than 3 years; wrapping "Booooi!" Every five minutes is not enough. Why, with his incredible tele-kinetic powers and the strange power of the upper body, he simply does not break our heroes like bugs, it's not explained. Instead, he delegates the job to his incapable retarded little servant, who never succeeds in killing anyone before being shot in hell. find a party. The rest of us, who have developed pubic hair, will bore our skull.
