It's been almost ten years since I saw the last two sequels of "Phantasma" - surely because of my still alive memories they were not very good. This is still recognized today, I am still a big fan of the first two rallies, so I thought to come back and experience the "final chapters" again. The third part is definitely the worst in the series, because it is obviously less seriously understood and cast into a bunch of confusing things that do not make much sense ... Again, as soon as the previous film left us, Reggie saves Mike the High Man who swore to return for later on, but things are not safe for a long time when they come to Jodie who is unexplained capable of taking on the shape of the sphere. Apparently, his soul is trapped by the High Man, so Mike is then dragged into an evil double passage and Reg must find him ... By the way, he meets with a ten-year-old kid and a nun. who uses a black fish called Rockie who helps him throughout the journey. About "Phantasm III" there is nothing to remember, except for how stupid and violent the "witty" it is trying to do. Only one positive aspect that did not help a movie, and that was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornburie, who for the first time reprise their roles from the original classic from 1978. The problem is that they are pretty attractive for performances ... Reggie Banister is, of course, again in the main role, but his messy, in-love attitude makes his presence too boring. And Angus Scrimm simply did not seem completely "in" his role. He talks too much here and is not nearly as scary and frightening in contrast to the "kuirkiness" that the film seemed to look like without looking at it. The opinion of most people about this film seems pretty indifferent and has a tendency to think "still fun". Maybe I'm just too picky, but I just could not get into this. I remember that I do not like when I was a kid and after I looked at him again - I can say with certainty - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his original, low-budget, nightmares, the legendary film "Phantasm", which I continue to consider as my favorite horror film, and his prominent sequel kept things moving and darkly surreal and GORI, but "Lord of the Dead" (stupid title) just seemed too quick and silly ... Including two new characters, Tim and Rooney (the only missing thing was Scrappi Doo !!), it was a strong indication that Coscarelli is running out of the idea and seeing how far it can driving a franchise ... So, it's a movie "Pha ntasm "with very little upstairs, nudity and quadruple pistols. Do I have to say more?
