* Includes some spoilers * This movie is terrible in the 1980s. The action takes too long to collapse, never sets, and then only a simple fall is recorded for about 40 minutes. There are a few moments of jewels for zombie fans, but not enough zombies to create the real feeling of terror. Zombies also need a lot of time to appear. First, there is a whole half of the film about mafias and prison gangs. The film's hero is a former Vietnamese veteran caught in a mob. The chief mafia boss sets him up and he goes to jail. In this prison, they are experimenting with prisoners to find a way to cure them of murder tendencies and criminal behavior. But a psychopathic stupid scientist / soldier has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of the serum so that ... yes yes ... great soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill several guards and most of the prison has a circle of infected wines, a soldier / crazy scientist goes "hey this may be a problem" and invites a genius scientist who has become a research journalist. -a satisfied autonomous figure of the woman, who, of course, invented the original serum. She goes to jail to see what's happening, a soldier calls in several SVAT teams from her secure position outside the prison, and the hero takes responsibility for several prisoners with a golden heart when a mess breaks out. A hero and a scientist / journalist are joining together to find a cure, save the warden's children and get rid of some furious prisoners, both infected and not. In the meantime, the mob's boss has made an agreement to enter prison to save his brother in prison. The army is about to blow up that place, and everyone in the scramble to find a way out. There are many bloody scenes in which people are killed by being pushed or drawn through prison bars. There is also a furious baffling scene and an electric shock scene that includes the same infected prisoner growth. Still, the most exciting scene is in the early part of the film, when a rude corrupted guard rages a prisoner. The main culmination of this film is one scene at the end. A hero, a woman and a child trying to get to the only way to escape. Their path leads them to a long hallway, on the one hand there is a wall, and on the other are prison bars. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands break through, grabbing their hair and faces as they pass. There are also some good scenes of classic "zombies that chew fresh dead bodies" and "many zombies that tear a single piece to pieces". All in all, it's worth watching if you explore the zombie genre because there are so many zombie clichés worth mentioning; It is a practical instruction manual for what should not be done when a zombie movie is made. But if you are new to zombie shifts and want real fear, you should look somewhere else.
