Wow, the action for this movie is everywhere! It's so complicated and so many things that happen to make my head practically work! And, as a result, none of it seemed particularly convincing. The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She had some experience with the local theater and she has the ambition to go to Broadway. When a big actor comes to town, she persecutes him in the hope of giving her a career. But her husband is worried about the disgust - because this actor. So, the hub appears on them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! That's why he was convicted of killing a first-degree !!! Not murder, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and needing funds, Kai goes to New York. But the Broadway job can not be found, so she is forced to take on any business - even Burleskue. She can not adequately worry about her young daughter, she gives her another woman to pick up. However, in the end, he still finds a job in a real Broadway game and everything looks pink. But the jealous diva that plays in the show hates it for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown out of the show. Desperate, she goes to England and becomes a real star. Years later, she returns to New York to bring her child - but the child is older and thinks that the woman who is concerned about her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if she gets $ 10,000, she can get a man out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is it bribing people ?! How can $ 10,000 be extracted by him in another way - maybe he will buy a helicopter to fly to the prison yard and pick him up !! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens after 45 minutes! Believe it or not, there are a lot more to do. If you really care about it, make sure to find out how it all happens. This is the kind of writing "sink for the kitchen" - throwing practically everything and hoping, somehow, everything will work. Unfortunately, the film turns out to be incredibly incredible and insignificant despite all the efforts of Mrs. Francis. It's kind of a movie that no one could save thanks to a second-rate action. It's almost like someone just took a few tens of intricate elements, threw them into a box and then started randomly choosing them to make a movie !! All in all, unless you are a hard-working fan of Kai Francis or you love something Hollywood has done in the thirties of the last century, this is what you can easily skip. It's not terrible, but it's certainly not good. By the way, the kid who plays Francis' daughter when he returns to New York (Sibil Jason) was really terrible. I think it should have been ... I think.
