When a man who does not have Alzheimer's disease can not remember how many films he made, he is probably the most fruitful world director. This man is Jesus Franco, King of the so-called. His 1980 movie "The Devil's Hunter" is hilarious, opaque, stupid, lazy and exploitative in the true sense of the word (the title of the movie is wrong, for the beginning) as well as every other Franck film I saw. It seems to sound pretty terrible, and that's ... However, Franco has some kind of unrepeatable sensibility, a generous way with bald, rude, with nudity and sorcery and violence, and even with his stupid cheap montage trying to climb an extreme haste with which all his films were filmed. The combination of all these elements causes you to ride his movies, even while you're mostly waiting to end because they're so boring. Devil Hunter is almost unconscious for the first half an hour. The kidnapping by unknown individuals of a white woman, who looks like a model or film star, is intertwined with a pile of original action in South America. There are plenty of naked, cramped, dancing and endless zooming on the ugly totemic pillar. You need to get used to repeating zooming and cutting technique to the same shot three times in a row, as these are the main methods for extending the film to the length of the button. <br /> <The monster that looks like a totem pole is really scary. He has raw eyes with bugs and his presence is always signaled on the sound surface by the cuffed echo, apparently recorded in the echo chamber. Early in a piece of cheese for a tree-related mother, and it's hard to know what's really going on here, but I think he ate her stomach (or genitalia, sweet Jesus!). In any case, the adventure starts as it should be when a kid and his wretched Vietnamese veteran are sent to the island to recover the white girl from the kidnappers. The snowflake has an accent which, as he has called it, is a semi-American Brooklin, half English-Liverpool and all are retarded. All dialogue and synchronization are funny and funny, making another layer of film that can somehow keep your interest. Not really really comes from here, and it happens quite slim, chained with a strange rage like rape. Foggy action is processed (haha!) Hectares of nudity of 360 degrees from the natives and two female waters, and even from the monster itself. Walking around with his exposed penis makes him fighting for an uncanny perspective for a hero's hero, but it has to be done at some point, and it's nice to note that the director will show any genitals on the camera. Devil Hunter's best feature is to capture the location. Franco can be extremely cheap with the structural and started aspects of film creativity, but does not bother with sets. You get the real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in a wide screen. This is something that really is a cool experience in these days of disgusting CGI sets and backgrounds that cause disruptions. Finally, the issues of the recommendations regarding this film seem pointless. If you are trying to see all Video Nasties, you will have to watch it at some point, and you will be as restless as I am. If you like Franco, look at this. If you do not fall into any of the categories listed above, the odds are that you will never come across this movie. Copies do not lie around, and I can hardly recommend that this be requested. That's Franco. Lazi, crazy Franco.
