When the movie has only five different titles, it usually means a couple of things and almost always means that the movie has some major flaws. Necromancer has big disadvantages and it's just bad. I've seen a version on a video called Rosemari's Disciples. Yes, I'm sure it's different from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think it's in any way a different version and a few more minutes it might have - it would be really better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens when Laurie wakes up and her husband takes her to a city where she has a new job at the toy factory for toys (yes, it gets so bad early)! The city is called Lillith and has a guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure it is allowed only to those who have chosen the "owner" of the city. We will soon discover that all who live in Lillith's witch and all follow directions, Mr. Kato - the head of this municipal whore who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromans). People in the city love things - they have ceremonies, some wear goat's head, and promiscuity abounds (not much shown in this area), but none of these people is a good actor. Mr. Kato plays strongly from the figuratively and literally larger film of Orson Wales. Velles is abused, but, do not make a mistake, he is the best thing in this movie. And it's really the saddest part of the Necromancy, because Velles gives a pretty bad and pedestrian performance with a little directing lead. In one scene at the party, director Bert I Gordon continues to return to Velles watching the party's action using the same frames! It looked funny. Like a scene that was repeatedly over and over again about a woman's hand centered on the flames after a car collision. It looked like a man's hand. The story has never been fully exploited because we never know what's happening: many scenes are recorded as dreams or hallucinations and they never confirm. This also applies to a loose, hockey finish. Leading Pamela Franklin is good and beautiful and has some talent. In addition to her performance, she makes slim pieces from the rest of actors without Velles. The direction and story were done by Gordon, who obviously had a little gas in the engine. This is not a good movie in any way under any name.
