2 stars for Kai Francis - she is beautiful! And she did not deserve this terrible hole that Varner Bros threw on her way! The double premise on which this film is based is ridiculous and incredible in extreme situations. Kay is a wife and a mother from a small town who craves for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. When a big actor comes to town and invites Kay to his hotel to talk about opportunities, Kei tells his wife to go to the movies. Hubbi's bidding mother puts a bug in her husband's ear so Kai is not true, and he moves in search of her. Finding her / the actor at the hotel (they're just talking!) And the guy that stumbles over the fence, is the first to face the lake? Here are two incredible assumptions on which the rest of the film is based: 1) the judge tells the jury that if it is established that a man has died * before his head has gone into the water, they must find a husband who is guilty of first degree murder. (Vhaaaaa, I think the killing of a guy in the rampage would be the greatest killer or murder 2, and not for the first killing. Give me a pause so that I can send him to prison for the rest of my life.) Whatever.) 2) , after condemnation and sentencing, says to Caiu that all this is his fault. His thinking is that if she did not go into the actor's room, then her husband would not have to go after her and kill him and kill him. He tells her that she is guilty, not her husband, and she nods and agrees. What. The. Hell?!?!?! The rest of the film is all about Kay trying to achieve fame and money to free his wife from prison and correct the mistake he made by killing the actor in the first place. I can not even proceed with this review. The film was too painful. Four years earlier, in pre-coding days, you would never have caught Kei playing such a weak guy! However, in the real fashion, Kai Francis, she did everything she could to convince us that this woman was convincing. I give her a lot of credit for trying to breathe life and credibility from this ungrateful role. This character was far from Kai's pre-code roles and the real spitfire of Kai Francis. Get Out Of This! There are many better Kai Francis vehicles out there! (From my own experience, I can highly recommend Marie Stevens, MD and Jevel Robbery, and Monica and One Vai Passage are also good. I'm sure there are other great Kai shifts, but I only mention those that I've seen and recommended.)
