For starters and for the record, the term "necromancy" describes the black magic of the art of restoring the dead to life, and it does not in any way relate to sex with corpses. It's called necrophilia and, yes, I know it's an obvious difference, but I already get a lot of remarks from acquaintances and relatives that I have perverse taste in movies! This film is completely opposite from the perverse or the slim, in fact, and only qualifies as a boring, incapable and terribly bad. "Necromancer" makes at least one of the first five ranks, namely on the list of the most critical films ever made! Now, director Bert I Gordon is not very well known for delivering a masterpiece (in his repertoire there are titles such as "Land Against the Spider", "The King of the Dinosaur" and "The Food of the Gods"), but he really surprised himself with a totally meaningless, superfluous and utterly absurd story of sorcery and mysterious small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience that their baby was born dead, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly got a prominent job at the toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the city patriarch and "owner", Mr. Kat, who behaves very intrusively and mysteriously. That's another thing. How can anyone "own" the city and everything in it? In any case, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch, and Mr. Cato has merely lured her into the city because of her supernormal ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Kato has been trying to regain his late son's life and is ready to make any human sacrifice. I honestly do not see the meaning of the whole movie. That's obviously the hijacking of Rosemary Baby? One of the alternative titles is even "Rosemari's Disciples" ?? but the script is confused and imbecile, out of faith. Why is not anyone allowed to have children until Cayton's son is dead? It's really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to raise the dead? The "Necromancer" definitely contains several really mysterious and atmospheric moments, but they are reluctant to achieve complete coincidence or complete lack of budget. The grainy photograph gives the movie a ghostly ambience, and the pieces seem cheap enough to be creepy. Orson Velles' performance? undoubtedly the low point of his career? is poor, yet it is the best aspect of the whole movie.
