The only previous Gordon film I was watching was a children's adventure MAGIC WEDDING (1962), although I soon followed the EMPIRIA ANTSA (1977); It seems to be best remembered for his 1950s science-fiction work. After all, at this I happened at the DVD rental store: did not I notice that Orson Velles was an unmistakable figure on the sleeve, probably I would not even think about it - since I know the film under his original title , NECROMANCI! I saw another old book about my father: the actor's presence in the film about diabolism seemed like a great idea that could not be missed, but the end result - especially in this blatant edition - is a disaster! I was sincerely sorry about Welles, who looked bored and, instead of in his deep and commanding voice, he murmurs senseless demonic calls almost whispering !! The plot is, basically, another renewal of ROSEMAR BEBE (1968): the couple is called to the remote community under a false pretext and soon reveals that they are surrounded by devils. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, allegedly has supernatural powers (she transmits it from her mother, which appears occasionally to warn her - although, as delivered intensively through compressed teeth, these last speeches are to a large extent incongruent and the source of huge joy every time it appears!) and is expected to revive Velles' deceased young son from the dead !! For what's worth, Franklin - a regular genre, until her debut appearance at THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in her role (which requires some nakedness and experiences some half-creepy hallucinations during the film); Hubby Michael Ontkean, however, is not challenged by his character, John Cassavetes. Some other girls also look good - especially Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin escape from the city eventually proves that it has destroyed. Events come to the fore in an incredibly confused climax, which sees the incredibly crazed climax, the Satanists eventually turn to Franklin and make it take the place of a lifelong boy in a suitcase (that's gratitude for you!). While the added scenes stand out (hilarious opening ceremony and other potential erotic decoration), the overall quality of the film would still be poor without them; again, this special version is further submerged by the electronic result - which is completely inappropriate, and cheesy in extreme situations!
