As a teenager, I pretty much went into the whole thing with Bigfoot - I read books and watched the reported views. As more exhausted adults, I have now largely renounced a big guy, but I do not mind watching a strange movie when I come to him. This has had a few strong points - mostly the recreation of two of the most famous encounters in Bigfoot - an incident from the Ape Canion of 1924 and the Bauman incident of 1850 related to and from Teddy Roosevelt, of which I am Something I know from that youthful reading. The film takes for granted that both incidents included a sasquatch, while both incidents had more convincing explanations, but recreation was well done. Also, at the beginning of the movie, the famous Patterson video is paid homage, again taking for granted its authenticity. The Saskuatch encounter at the end of the film was also very well made and it had a very dashing picture that the saskuatch was portrayed mainly in shadows or as hairy legs passing by terrified men. Unfortunately, a total of four things consisted of about 20 minutes, while the movie as a whole was more than an hour and a half. It is a fictitious story (done in a documentary style). expedition to the remote area of ​​North British Columbia, to the suspicious range of the house saskuatch. The computer targeted this area based on vision and - in one of the more fun scenes in the movie - the computer also used "eyewitnesses" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked just like the "creature" of Patterson's video! Except for those 20 minutes that I mentioned, we basically watch the expedition tour, which means that we watch a bunch of guys going to a long camping trip. I was camping with the guys. To tell you - they were never a worthy movie. Among the long annoying traces are some beautiful wildlife images (although it is presumed that canned shots, or maybe even captured animals that act like wild animals) are used, and there are some spectacular footage, except that the landscape is not from the north of Colombia , that's from the national parks in Oregon. We appreciate that they never gave us the right picture of Skazkuatch, so we did not have to deal with bad makeup that would be part of this. 3/10
