It looks like this is a French film, LOL, with an emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why are the French so fixed on such things? When the difference in age is big, it's really the first! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she resembles Olivia Hussei, at Zeffirell's Romeo and Juliet from '68, was set in a similar period), but she looks like 15, and the actor who plays Tassi, her instructor in painting, looks ... well, 50 is KIND. Other posters have done the job of explaining the historical record (unusually detailed in this case) by Artemisije, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized women's painters of this period (17th century). Her story tells us in modern times, especially because of the old accusation that "all the great artists were men" - it is largely an explosion of this claim about parts - and because the story of her trial for rape is so fierce. Not only was she apparently attacked and forced into a humiliating sexual relationship (because at that time marriage to your killer was the only way to avoid social embarrassment), but Tassi was a serial rapist and maybe he killed his wife and child. The film brings a terrible bad service by turning this really fascinating and incredible story from real life - very dramatic and it does not need any "seasoning" - because in some strange way, it's "warmer" to have an exaggerated teenager who draws male sexual organs and has a hot love relationship with a man old enough to be her grandfather. It's "sexy" - the truth is boring and it seems too feminist / politically correct. It also disturbs me that this is ONE part of Artemisia's life which is considered interesting enough for the film. The fact she painted for decades (her famous painting Judith cut Holfernes painted NOW, and not before rape), she was the first woman to be admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, she continued to have children ... boring stuff. After all, it's about a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" like teenagers. I understand that there are many creative licenses in making a movie (or book) about the true historical character. You need to create a dialogue, have backgrounds, create a dramatic structure. Certainly some details can be sacrificed - it's not a big deal if the dates are shifted for several years, or if Artemisy plays the blonde actress (when we know from her portraits that she was brunette ... and a big bone one, not a skinny minny), or something . But to talk to her, and to make rape a romantic, it's actually sick and disturbing. She's worse because she's the director of a woman. She should be ashamed of herself! If you like this (and I know that some people might care less about real artists, as well as costumes and hot sex), you will probably like the "Dangerous Beauty with Rufus Sevella and Catherine McCormack." In a similar way based on a very overwhelming history, with a plethora of broken breasts and jewels: Bon Appetit!
