I CAN CONTINUE SPOILERS ... I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest. All I saw was a propaganda film that slowly moved and did not have much to say. (A note for yourself has to check the water score at this place) This film was so black and white ... The Americans were good ... anyone else, either evil or useless. I suppose the British troops should have been SAS (one of the most elite units in the world that would most agree with that I'm sure) lost 3 men, and the others escaped until the American troops were even Even the Elite soldiers in the battlefield held the land and opened a tin can of corrupted asses on them that were wretched by the Iraqis. To bother you with dead wires. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in that sense when the sniper pulled out the SAS man ... the flashlight from a distance, the good noise that was used ... really did it a little but the rest ... what I am 10 years here?! Well, I'm not and can not see a stupid propaganda in the movie and the boy did this film. SPOILER ... Oh, yes, in the main crazy, wild boy can not stay at home his wife and child ... he does not have to apply for another year to fight in a meaningless lie war! Why ... because young people obviously need excitement or something like that. As if I was surprised by the high rating of this film. P.S. I do not hate America, I hate the message of this film that does not seem to want to even confront the problems of illegal war (in my eyes) that is fine, because there are obviously people who think that this is the real war for any confusing reason (he wanted to say something second, or censored), but hey it's on them. But to make the film so unilateral as it is black and white ... well into evil is lazy and treat me as a child. The war has many gray and two (sometimes more) sides that believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Vars with something that the dark side gets good. Faliti Hollivood from time to time you really take people for cups ... then again 7.8 .... so maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad to have taken this film and told you everything for nothing. ;)
