I love a good war movie and I fall into the category "was there, done". So I would like to think that my review is correct (IMHO). After watching this movie on DVD, I can say with certainty that it was a bunch of garbage. There is no way to recommend this movie to you. It started with me to shout on television saying, "I would not do it" etc ... but soon I realized that there was little Experience with the job would be an obstacle so I cooled down a bit. But on the opening scene when the trailer fell, I had a nasty feeling that this movie would be predictable dude ... I was right. There was simply no logic for the EOD scene. I only know that the military team had some of the most promising rebels ever at the other end of the command wire or remote shutter. So much so that I kept scratching my head all the time. Then, when you think that you know where the story is going, the guys from Humvee are out of their way into the desert. One of the most valuable assets in the theater is a cheerful blow to some of the SAS performers. The sniper scene was so funny. It did not make any sense at all and made me switch off there and then. Then they pulled them so long that they tested my patience. It started with "Contact Right" and quickly descended down the hill. If you had a British accent then you were hit, but if you were part of the EOD team then suddenly you were a great shot and saved the day. Then, just as you thought it was, he stretched for an unexplained long period, without any addition to the story. You just left to watch and wonder why it's not over yet? Then we had a scene with alcohol, where they just hit one for another for a laugh ... the other scene in which you just wanted to end. Nothing is added to the movie. Then, just as my life looked very boring, the main star went out of the wire to hunt someone. This is the funniest scene I've ever seen. It undermined every logic and ability to write a good story ... it was ridiculous and horrible. I still do not understand why time wasted. Then I watched him run through the busy streets that were returning to the camp, and I laughed on the floor. Pure comedy :) It's a sad fact that this story is everywhere in the series, without deciding what it wants to be. I thought it would be stupid, illogical EOD scenes, but then he continued to go on tangents trying to be something different. But, no matter how hard I tried, I was tired of death only. All I wanted was to finish it. It was a messy compilation of stupid scenes mixed in a bunch of stupid, senseless, action (ish) scenes. There is no way I recommend this. Perhaps my work experience has compromised pleasure, but even naive ones have to realize that it just makes no sense. The only thing that's stupid than this movie is the artificial high IMDb rating ... which must be a 24/7 job of the British PR team that seems to use this website as a way to make everyone think it is good. Sorry people ... it's just not! I do not recommend ... just will bother you.
