Just like the day after, Ein Rand, Bigelow is a great master in his screenplay of a few hard-hitting American hombers stuck in Iraq and destroying bombs along the road set up by merciless, ruthless terrorist Arabs. Since Bigelow puts the war in Iraq as the backdrop of the big phase of human drama, an expert for bomb veterans is exploding, and another appears to replace him in dusty, boiling, ugly ruins like Iraq and a new hero was born. The new guy is what John Hershei described in his book, and later in the movie "War Lover", as a sadistic wing that is not really suitable for civilian life, and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and suppress his lute sexual desire. A war lover can only function fully in the war, and quietly sucks. While Hershey criticizes a war lover (in the movie Steve McKueen plays one of his greatest roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The warriors need warlords in the war, they are a bumper against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth, that war lovers are the best soldiers, the hardest people. According to the unique Bigelow, regular men are pussies, a war lover is a special kind, the last of a cowboy. So what if he wants to drop his people, or dare the Iraqi boy? He is a return to the cult of war and sex. In war, sex is ungrateful, unwilling, non-ask, do not talk male bond. Bigelow has no opinion on this; it only limits the options of masculinity in this attempt of realism. Only a war lover can overcome the moral struggle between the right and the wrong, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow conceals his racism and arrogance behind the imaginary facade of journalism. She is just another gang-ho Yahoo who describes a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and his tireless clichés over and over again. : A wonderful world of open borders, which is by chance in some other country. ("You can kill people here," says one soldier); a hard but human black guy, a soldier with a premonitional death, a rude, perhaps crazy commander, a college educated fool who tries to make friends with the enemy. If you call him, Bigel's resurrects him. The love of a boy-boy is tangible in scenes with a sweet Arabian boy who fights with a war lover, but Bigel's plays him straight; does not consume sex, just refresh it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, ridiculous face of the Arabian enemy. Any Iraq, which is not pure evil, is crazy, hostile or not good. All of them deserve to die because of their insolence, and many of them work in this glib-film up-fest. Iraqi women are all hysterical, and their presence is known only by screaming. There could be male stuntmen in all I know, you never see their faces. There is no presence of women at base or in combat, although women in Iraq will surely refute this. Bigelov goes through all the movements one at a time. She glorifies the war, canonizing a sadistic hero of a random walnut. Cowboys, surrounded by indigenous Indians, prove their loyalty by working God's work and subduing a miserable terrorist hell hole with pure courage and suicidal mania. At the end, I felt like I was cheering for the Indians. In the world of Bigelow, however, no grace and understanding never pass through it. The Iraqis are a dehumanized par excellence. The massacre of civilians is just a dramatic background of the psycho-sexual struggle of our hero. Each USA, the bullet finds its mark. You have to love a guy, a war lover. It's just his way, he's a real hero. He's just the guy who's trying to do things in a hard way, so what if he cries for a guy who's on the side.
