I really wanted to like this movie, but it ended up bored and incredible. The first shot is a shot from a robot that travels to the bomb and is naturally clumsy. But then the rest of the film stays in Shakykam's regime, even during quiet conversations, to the point of ridicule. Did the tripods and Steadicams disappear in rented houses? The fact that it was shot at 16mm does not help, because the entire film is grainy and trembling. For all the efforts that Bigelow put into precision vehicles and equipment, there are enough obvious mistakes and inconsistencies that undermine the credibility of the film. - The car would not explode in flames after one shot, and when it splashed it would not extinguish a small manual fire extinguisher. - One Humvee would not ride around Baghdad in 2004, but would be supported by other vehicles in the event of a malfunction or an attack. - It is extremely unlikely that it will be able to hit a high-ranking rebel, where the bullet apparently takes more than one second to reach the target. I believe that the bombs were brought to certain places for disposal on or near the base, and not some random spot in the middle of the desert. The attack on the oil tanker allegedly arose in the Green Zone, a very safe area that experienced very few attacks from within. The zone is mainly an office and palace with several residences, yet it is portrayed as a dangerous crop of dark streets and looting insurgents. Strangely, James never gets into trouble for ridiculous tactics to order his two companions to take each one an alley, setting up an attempt to kidnap. - When we are already in this, a team of 3 people always displays their own cleaning buildings, chasing rebels, etc. - How many hours of the team must stare at a dead rebel who hangs out the window to realize that it does not act? There were no recordings to show to the viewer the size and layout of the base or where Baghdad was in contact. I had no idea to whom the EOD team said, nor did any other characters appear. These are things that the characters would know, so we should. Many "surprises" and scenes are perfectly predictable. Yes, it is obvious that the Colonel psychiatrist will be in trouble with the Iraqi people trying to move, that the selection of grains at home will be startling, and that the driver you kidnapped will not wait for you to leave the vehicle. In the end, there was almost complete lack of character development. Renner's character from the beginning has a problematic relationship at home, he is reckless and dependent on adrenaline. He is exactly the same at the end of the movie. What is the point? If this is really the best so far in Iraqi war films, it's a sad pile. Only on the basis of half an hour I saw, I would recommend Generation Kill to HBO.
