The line is smiling in England, where, away from Viken! 'With native America, the word' fans' has a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, this is the only laugh you get in this horrible sexual comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. Strangely uncomfortable with colored eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who rejoices her brother, but rejects her black friend while uttering fake notes about watermelons. As in revenge, he asks if he will go with the Scotland pony. It also mentions "the creation of a monkey." Gavin's ability to shake and shake from orgasmic pleasure to the smallest touch coincides with the lack of attractiveness of her dance for seduction? which includes fire and wolf. Personally, I loved the wolf more. For the 68th, this was a pretty pitiful thing, and denied the controversy she had attracted at that time. Character claims to be "stoned", although it is only on the bourbon, and for one of the original "Ks" certificates there is no complete nudity. Only six years later we got Timmy Leo and his confessions, but here we have to deal with toples with photos. Only Gavin's final seduction of his own brother is really shocking. Another Viken activity is that it helps to solve the sexual problems between the couple by sleeping with them both. Both women obviously do not enjoy the joint performance of their scene, and make a bad effort to conceal it. After Viken diminished his disagreement, the romantic husband concluded his wife: "I suppose she came to her!" The only virtually worthy segment includes an unusual debate on Cuban communism. It seems to be incompatible with the rest of the film, although it is interwoven with Gavin's chest recordings to bind it continuously. This then leads to an unclear anti-Vietnamese attitude, which is praiseworthy, although it has fallen in the midst of such a frivolous film, seems banal and insensitive, not to say exactly the taciturn. Otherwise, part of the potential communist Niles Brooke is taken over by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page that featured Captain Trunk in the funny comedy Sledge Hammer! The page must be confused with its catalogs (including Meier's Beiond The Valleys of the Dolls), although Meier's apologists would like to believe that horrible dialogue, bad acting, an unhurried direction and terrible editing are not only part of the charm but entirely intentional. As a defense, it fails to hold water. Irritant random music? a cross between the melodies that play in commercials at a movie theater and musicians using television stations when a transfer is interrupted? is ubiquitous and intrusive; while even the silly, amateur twisted corners of the camera can not cause interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophone, where women were "looking for" black people? or "shining" ?? are not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absoluteli abismal.
