I want to clarify a few things. I'm not familiar with the films Ming-lian Tsai, and I am well aware of the artistic film; I grew up in the seventies of Goddard, Fellini, Bergman, Bertolucci and many others. Art films were really ART at that time; like paints. People did this to express their inner feelings, and not really worry if other people understood something. They were out of commercial value; Just look at some old Antonioni (or early Picasso) and you'll understand. Tian bian ii duo iun (The Vaivard Cloud) has nothing to do with it. It's about an opportunist film, whose goal is to starve judges and critics of the festival, plays many things without saying anything. The story does not make sense. The lack of water leads to the government promoting the use of watermelons for hydration. The girl in despair steals water from the public bathroom VC. There is also a pornographic start (neighbor) who tries to make a movie with an actor who does not seem to feel comfortable with. There are some romantic wakes between a girl and a porn star. The disorder ends with a sexual scene (not a pornographic one), which causes many people to shock, but I think it is less provocative than you can see in the US issue or the history of violence. talk. Sometimes musical style number 60 appears and through the song explains what happens in the minds of characters. These video clips are really welcome, because the previous scene, without dialogue or music, only people who watch each other last 4, 5 or even more minutes, which is too much in movie time. There are a few bits of "hard sex without love," "the selfish porn industry mind." It is obvious that this film was conceived (to get out) to fool the jury and critics of the festival. There are several pseudo-shocking scenes (within the limits of Taiwanese censorship) and many items are open, but nothing is not conclusive or not going anywhere. These tricks, they got the film of several (controversial) important prices at film festivals and got a film of unsuspected commercial success (I see a movie in France and the theater was full). However, please do not be fooled. There is nothing new or original in this film or even originally spoken or recorded. It's boring and empty; really a scam for the public. Boogie Nights (which I did not really like), Intimacy and 9 Songs are far better movies.
