Almost in the same league as Ionfan's rather terrible Color Blossoms, Spider Lillies is launching a point at home so you can make a top-quality film without edge or much on the cutting path. It's a Taiwanese movie, which is now becoming an alarming pace, but more than that we can find very little in this place. You should know that Spider Lillies is also allegedly talking about a lesbian subject, but in any case, this is nothing more than a plastic trick to lure easily seductive and gullible. In a number of ways, we here have a repeat of colleagues from a recent release from Taiwan's Eternal Summer. Then gay men received treatment for change, now we have the same thing with women. Zero Chou, for your non-existent learning, is a story that is likely to have a maximum of fifteen years. They managed to take over the position of the art house, but in the end it resulted in the most terrible, simply unattractive attack. The Hong Kong corner comes in the form of Isabelle Leung (Bug Me Not, Isabella, Diary), here still look the most interesting. Although somewhat cute in previous jobs, Isabella in the Spider Lillies is volatile and lacking in most departments. Or her heart was not in it or the whole lesbian drama game did not really like her sensibility. She says Taipei tattoo artist who is shy, withdrawn and in charge of mentally distressed younger brother. , played by John Shen, who luckily gives the film its only feature in connection with the merger. Isabella's character, strangely called Takeko, but allegedly greeting him from Hong Kong, is soon linking with an unhappy young Jade (Rainie Iang from the Meteor Garden). The latter lives with his grandmother and has a whole list of complaints about being left by parents and life in general. Of course, the component of the grandmother works well and touches, but otherwise Jade as a protagonist is equally immobile as her colleague Takeko. Two women share the past and many inadequately covered fear, with Jade's work. as a girl on the web, while she is holding her father's heritage, I live with a unique tattoo spider lily decorated on her hand. Jade also wants to acquire exactly this design, which leads to Takeko exploring the inner feelings of the problem through flashbacks and a fairly minimal discourse with brave Jade. Well, if there is little discourse to write a home base, is at least that relationship unforgettable? In a word, no. They kissed and played nasty near the end, but just as Eternal Summer reminded us recently, in the light years between lovers of showing sexual content and making card buyers think they will see sexual content. > <br /> This cynical expectation builds the fate of Spider Lillies. With a bad story, ho-hum acting and the total scarcity of relics that will take your theater with you, this kind of makes Blossoms of Color look good, they think about it. At least we got a little mammal Terese Cheung. No, Spider Lillies is not an AV masterpiece and should be deleted from the list of songs even by the most ordinary and scary GLB film festivals. Unbelievable for pseudo-indie edition, even soundtrack and cinema do not produce moments. inspiration. It's just as good as it's much easier to go to Spider Lillies. Believe us, avoid it and you will not miss anything good. Rating: * *
