This 1970 movie did not grow old, but frankly, it was not as good as it was released. Nevertheless, this was a very popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love had to attract audiences saturated with the constant coverage of the Vietnam War. The action is pure because it relates to Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Hawaiian hockey player who falls in love with Jenni Cavellera, an antagonistic Vassar student of music who is proud of his working class. His father of the old school naturally does not approve of Jenni, and in the typical act of rebellion, this means that a young couple marries in one of these hip-hop, improvised ceremonies. He records his dream job in New York, but he gets unexpectedly ill and dies from his latest illness. There is a veneer of the contemporary contemporary film techniques presented by director Arthur Hiller, but none of this can hide the old-fashioned, cliché story at its core. The inevitable end has left me particularly indefatigable. Both, Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGrav have become stars with this film like Oliver and Jenni, but inexplicably, because none of them are able to pass the depth or complexity needed to get their characters. At least boy O'Neal is honest in his weak defiant approach, but MacGrav is so dull and dumb in behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jennies behind a sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding a rammed horse racer in his Kum's bed) is doing better than Jenni's father Phil, as well as Rai Milland as seemingly intolerable Barrett paterfamilias. The overly-familiar music Frances Lai has almost become a parody by itself over the years. The quality of the DVD printing is good, although the only addition is a rather unusual comment from the Hiller group. The most interesting part of the trivia is that the author Erich Segal (whose book is based on this film) imagined Oliver as a mixture between the two Harvard roommates he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommi Lee Jones, who have little involvement in the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
