DRACULA 2000 is a horror movie that has been continually displayed on Ski Movies in the UK and since it seemed to be shown around three times a year throughout the year, I have absolutely no idea how I managed to miss it until the first broadcast online. In fact, given that I'm not really a horror movie fan, the reason probably was my theory that it would be trips. My theory proved to be correct in most cases !!!!!!!!! MINOR SPOILERS What makes DRACULA 2000 such a bad movie is the amount of stupid scripts. For example, early in the film, the bad guys fly Drakulin's Ark from London to America (in a double-engine with turbo propellers!) And one of the bad guys remains alone in the cargo area where Dracula is alive. It fought the fight, it's a lot of noise, but the bad guys in the cockpit do not hear the sound until the script asks. It also appears at the height of this segment that Dracula can control time, but it seems to be forgotten how the movie progresses. Disorderly scripting, and there seems to be a problem with the structure in which there are numerous scenes of characters that are in Nev Orleans mardi gras, and then the characters are in another location, such as the police station in the next scene, and then they go back on the mardi gras scene after what means the lack of credibility in the shop is improving. There is something else that pulled my chain - product placement. There are several scenes in which the logo for a particular publishing house / retail chain is in full view. I will not dare announce the brand of the company (except to say that they have a company that is in the UK a national joke), but I was under the impression that this kind of advertising against British broadcasting guides and I'm surprised that the BBC showed This film, If this is the case In DRACULA 2000 there are some positive results such as, for example, images. This is actually a good movie with a good look and the boy was a vampire, but that's something we could expect from Hollywood in the last few years - a very good movie that is very stupid
