Silent Night, Deadli Night 5 is the latest in the series, and as part 4, is not tied to the first three except for the title and the fact that it is a Christmas-Horror friction. Aside from being unconscious, there are some obvious things that are happening here ... Mickey Rooney plays toy Joe Pett, and his freaky son's name is Pino. The bell, somebody? Now a boy named Derek heard a knock at the door one night and opened it to find a gift for him on the doorstep. Although he said "do not open until Christmas," he nevertheless starts to open it, but is stopped by his dad, who makes him ugly and sends him to bed, and he opens a gift. Inside is a small red ball that curses Santa's hands and head, and continues to kill Dad. Oops, maybe he should have stayed alone alone. Of course, Derek was traumatized by the incident as he watched him from the stairs, but he did not grow up to be a Santa Claus killer; he just stops talking. who looks very interested in the toys that Joe Petto says. We even see him buying a bunch when Derek's mother takes him to the store and finds a gift for him to get him out of the trauma. And what exactly does this guy do? Well, we're not sure, but it looks like he takes those toys to see what makes them. He does not allow his landlord to throw him out, promising him to pay him in cash the next day and introducing him to Larry Larvae for his child, but of course, "Larry" is not a good toy and loses of course, well, things are not nice. In any case, after all, what happens to Joe Pett and Pina is naturally revealed, and as with the old story, Pino is not a "real boy". Pino is probably even more upset and naughty because he is suffering from "Kenitalia" (a smooth plastic groin), which could explain his evil ways. And the identity of a lurking alien is also revealed, and even there is a kind of happy ending. Vhee. Step of the fourth part, but not much. Again, Brian Iuzna is involved, and Screaming Mad George, and some decent special effects, but not enough to make this a great one. A few fourth-hanging remains and around, such as Clint Howard and Nathan Hunter, but that does not make any difference. In any case, now I see a whole series from my system. Now, if I can get something out of the brain. 4 of 5
