Deformed on the theme of Pinocchio, set up during the Christmas season (after leaving the relationship with Christmas before) has miniature toys sent to kill a child (.. but through that, other victims are accidentally damaged in the process) maybe from the "son" of the manufacturer toys. Crying crazy George was responsible for the toys they are killing (including larvae entering the victim's mouth and coming out of his eye, and the second where toy soldiers actually shoot at real bullets in the bebisiterka after her boyfriend was practically strangled with a broken hand toy, remote control). A small target is a dumb child named Derek (Villiam Thorne) whose stepfather was killed with a red ball with his arms stretched out on his face, causing him to land on the poker fireplace. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) takes care of her son's mental condition, believing that she is reluctant to open gifts or, more importantly, to speak, stems from watching the terrible murder of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Traci Fraim) feared for the safety of his son, and relates, reluctantly, to his former girlfriend Sarah that local toy maker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for setting traps in toys to harm children due to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident. He looked like a retribution when he said that if he could not have a son, then others would not have to. Still pretty drunk (... Jack was often seen), Petto seems to have left aside his feelings for the children, but his furious son Pino (Brian Bremer) is not and Derek is hiding fear. Why? You'll soon understand. Pretty disappointing special effects and pretty stupid premise. Rooney's name adds appeal to the film, causing him to get noticed, but his histrionic can only help so much. The attractive actress Higginson (slaughterhouse) and Fraim as a man who re-enters her life are not so bad, but the bloody development plan is hardly taken seriously. I guess that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie, like this. There is no place to bring any personality to his player except for craziness and despair, rather unstable, hardly holding himself together while exploding into anger towards Pina when he does not lower alcohol. Bremer is appropriately strange and "robotic" like Pino, who longs for Sarah to be his mother. The practical effects that were used during the attack on the victims are rather unpalatable. Screaming Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this movie. The sex that everyone is talking about is not as free as many would think (.. they can not even remember any nudity). Probably the best of many sequels, but that's not really a confirmation. I'm pretty sure that it was written on paper, it was a fun concept, the idea to conceive Pinocchio using the elements of horror, but the result does not delight you.
