Dieter Bohlen, the notorious German composer and producer of slightly trashy pop hits like "You are my heart, you are my soul" felt the need to tell your story - and graciously decided to employ a ghost writer. The result was a funny book about his life. Well, a more or less blurry picture. He did not deny that he was a selfish asshole, but the whole story was distorted to fit into his image of himself. It was not said that he probably beat his ex-wife and that she ended up at the hospital. However, it was written with a funny style and a huge success after appearing as a jury member of the German version of "American Idol" - especially his unforgettable comments. This should be the end of the story - really. In the hyper-mentioned show "Idol" called "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (shortened DSDS) someone had to come up with a terrible idea to make a movie from the book. The result is "Dieter - der Film". I rarely have a video film that is so desperate for me to be ridiculous and so completely fatal. None of the edges touch the point. Nadel's voice and style of conversation immediately began to scare me, although Veron's voice was supposed to do more. Obvious, childish, predictable, and long gags destroy every motivation to watch this movie in the end within a few minutes. The content of the film is a messy adaptation of the film written by ghost writers in silence based on Bohlen's untidy idealized memory. They could use this freedom to do almost everything. It should have been a satire, but they failed. The story is totally unattractive and the fact that the background voice Bohlen himself guarantees that the whole movie does not have anything satirical at all. No wonder what was considered bad for the cinema edition. The probability that this thing would be corrupted in an archive was quite high until recently, when the current DSDS season was a central success. With the "friendly" help of Germany's largest yellow paper "BILD" and the desperate situation that TV RTL has something in the program while still an unbeatable show "Vetten dass ...?" On Channel 2, the movie finally arrived on television - unfortunately. Watching this movie is a waste of time - it certainly has better cartoons with much more fun and a story that is really worth the attention. /> So: 2/10
