OK OK, it might be difficult to put all your life into one movie. Consequently, biologists traditionally concentrate on one or two important works in the subject's life. Now, Biron was "my week of the fight of the year," which makes the selection of parts that are representative more difficult. Moreover, just as Biron's poetry is inseparable from his life, man's life must be viewed as a whole. Raising the parts not only does not show the entire picture, but rather shows a completely different picture. Now, in short, my review comes down to this: allegedly, Biron was really "my week fighting your year" "Prototype, the guy who lived so intensely that he really did more in his 15 or so So many active years than the majority in the whole life. " True, he had a standstill and was a victim of the time and social environment in which he lived - but in the end, this guy was supposed to be a prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, right? Well, I am NOT, at any time, I want to live the life shown in this film. So, it does not get 3. Not so badly done (which, in the right direction, was more or less), but more importantly, it completely missed the point on the flat panel. Some more details. Well, to simplify things, Birons should have two different episodes: 1. Travel after Europe: England and his ascent to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. It is important that the SECOND part is least important as the first one. Not only was it much longer, but the most significant change in Bayern. In addition, he created his best works there (Don Juan, Vision of the Court etc. - all that makes him truly unique in English literature). Instead, in this film (Bajron's life never comes to the fore even fun, (b) becomes worse * after leaving England. They did two good jobs: first, they started on his return on the way to Europe (though a little more than the trip itself would be welcome as a prologue); second, they chose the angle, and chose his incestuous love for Augusta (which was pretty perfectly thrown away). The problem with this last thing is that he never True, Biron remained firmly tied to August for the rest of his life, but, especially since he was If he is in a position to change his mood, the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean he may not have enjoyed his life on other occasions. In any case, the first part of the TV movie should have ended with his departure from England. The fact is that once in a lifetime began the life of indignation (with the infamous Geneva period), but in Italy Biron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, and for himself when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved He went to Raven (after that, at the request of Sheeli, with Therese, in Pisces). In other words, he was also released. His mind and life opened (not only in decadent sense), while England was closed as it fell into the gravitational power of the Victorian era. True, freedom was less Augusta, but this bitter-sweet freedom has a taste in this film. We see a lonely, boring old snob. I mean, hell, Bajron never thought much of his poetry, except when he finally found his voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic development, his relationship with Shelley (and the fall) was supposed to be more documented. Also, in Italy in Ravenna, he intertwines in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that the decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and personality of Childe Harold turn into a more realistic and easier passion for the language and person of Don Juan. Life and work are one. True, a bit naive, but that's what brought him to Greece! And the whole thing came to a full circle in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit further ignited a spark. Missolonghi was not a boring snob who suddenly demanded some action. It was an insight into Italy (Gambas) that encouraged him to take action. It can be a symbol for a man who seeks an ancient essential excitement while the rest of Europe becomes fixed in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just that behind it. In the meantime, Biron wrote huge amounts of Don Juan. True, his end is somewhat sad, but not as if he was exhausted. This is the essence of Biron's life: he may have had some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Theresa), but he was able to discover each time. Which means he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he made a physical and mental journey that at that time few people were ready to make. <br /> <br /> I wonder. . Why is it so often a second period in the life of Bailon is overlooked? Because he had less obvious clashes, since the man finally came to his own? Focusing our attention to frustrated England, filled with scandals, we showed that we were not much better than the English aristocracy at the time, which Biron so despised, who, despite the fact that he had no choice, * willingly * escaped in 1816, I would find a world that was modern and liberal enough to enable him to find a voice that would make him the first romantic poet of the spoken language and evolve from a snob who was obsessed with himself with a passionate man moving further for a reason.
