I think it can sum up this show, like anything. Batman TAS is perhaps the worst thing ever to happen with cartoons based on comics, because everything that comes after that will be compared with it and nothing has yet been measured. It's too good. Was Batman good? "Yes, but it was not TAS." Is the League of Justice good? "Not bad, but it's not TAS." Batman is certainly not TAS, but I will not hold it against it. It would be unjust and, besides, there are many other problems with that. The concept of a younger, less experienced Batman crime is good, and sometimes art is very good. But all the rest of the time, art is worthless to Americanime, and it's a lot of mana of the show itself. It's pace, written and designed as Americanime. If I wanted to watch the adventures of Jackie Chan, I would have watched Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could hit my head at any time and get the same effect. Joker is a killer, mentally unstable clown in a suit who uses his brains, unpredictability and smart devices to fight Batman. When he is forced to fight his hand, he will either resort to something cheap or will be completely overpowered. He is not meant to be a monkey with bears who know kung-fu and can jump into twenty feet in the air, followed by speed lines. If they wanted to do it with the villain, there were other less important characters that they could use or that they could create a brand new one. And it's not that re-imagination is a bad thing, do not misunderstand me. TAS (I'm going over there) took Mr. Freez from your standard B criminal who was scam and turned him into an unforgettable and morally complex character. Of course, Freeze was not exactly a classical criminal at the time, and they did an upgrade, but the thing stands. What Batman does is to take whatever you like about Batman's comics and transfers and take a big, stinking hole on them. Guess what? They ate corn. It is obvious that this show can not stand against TAS, but it is lifted on its own feet and it still does not work for me. Plots are not good and do not develop better. They are written for the demographics of children under the age of 12 years. Can children enjoy the show? Of course it should. This should not be broadcast for adults with cursing, nudity and free violence. But the sign of a really good idea is that it can be enjoyed at different levels of all ages. This issue is missing from this rating. Is this a TAS display? Of course not. The problem is that it is not even a JLU.
