Do you remember a good revived Batman concert from the '90s? The one who bragged people? The one that all people all year can afford? The one who showed Batman as a real detective instead of Hulk in a suit of a bat? The one with whom you had criminals? The one who had the villains with the right motives? It is clear that Varner Bros do not. Hence this dreck. Honestly, do these people know something about Batman? Have they watched Batman comics before? Do they know Batman is thought of as a "detective"? Merging 2 traces does not make you a detective! It makes you a little intelligent monkey! This is the basic schedule for the episode: The penguin is stealing something. 'Opening a loan'. Batman finds the dead where it is from. Batman went there and got into trouble. Commercial. Batman finds an obvious / stupid way out of it. Penguin escapes. The penguin does something again. Batman follows. They work kung-fu (by the way, everyone, and I think everyone knows kung fu for some reason). Batman's Penguin. he was thrown out. going to the arkham. (Note: this is usually a different criminal in each episode). As you may have noticed, Batman is not a great detective. "Joker has left this piece of sweets on earth, maybe it's in the old amusement park!" Yes, it may have been the last 6 times. Already I mentioned this, but ALL KNOW KUNG-FU! EVEN PENGUIN! what do they think? (probably because of the people who made the animated series Jackie Chan) It's really disturbing that the show is just action. No smarts. No one. If Batman needs to think, he will use the technology, and then make some kung-fu. But hey, let's not forget the villains. After that, what would Batman be without his gallery? First of all, I have to say, honoring for originality. I do not think that other Batman media could imagine a joker and a horrible monkey, a riddle like an emo, and a poisonous ivy as a minor (which is kind of confusing when you think, did not her sexuality mean her main power?) <Br /> <br /> What is even more shit, however, is that each character is now a 2-dimensional, stereotyped thief. EG EG Killer Croc wants to overwhelm Gotham for no reason. Man-Bat is a crazy scientist who is obsessed with bats for some inexplicable reason. The penguin just wants to steal everything. For no reason. See the template here? But the most insulting must be Mr. Freeze. Do you remember Emmi Award Winner of 'Heart of Ice' episodes from Batman: The Animated Series? The one who gave Mr. Freez the motive for his crimes? This episode that was so good to be used in comics about his original story (crazy scientist)? The one who made him a victim, with a goal? Hell, even Batman and Robin confessed it, using it as the origin of the g. Movie. This series says "F # ck that" and makes Mr. Freeze rob the jewelry before the accident, with only the wealth in his mind, and then he froze and gives him the power to cool things. Then she continues to steal gems for no reason, while she says she has a "frosty day." Perhaps they still watched Batman and Robin. But Hey, look on the brighter side. This series makes you feel nothing for criminals, so that means you are a good person. Good for you.
