I am a big fan of Batman comics and I became disappointed when I could not find Batman: An animated series on TV. I was excited when I learned that on television there would be a new Batman cartoon. I watched the first episode on the day of the premiere and I was very disappointed. First of all, the animation is very bad. It looks like a cheap, shitty Japanese anime. Then again, almost every modern cartoon is like that. Character design is even worse. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catvoman looks more like Chihuahuavoman, Bane looks more like a red version of Hulk, Penguin is a Kung-Fu master, Mr. Gothic Marilyn Manson looks alike (which is ridiculous because I do not expect people who are obsessed with riddles and riddles to be Gothic). The worst character design is Joker. They turned him into a monkey / demon Bob Marley / Kung-Fu fighter! Joker should be Batman's deadliest enemy, but in this show it's hardly a threat, because his crimes are so stupid and meaningless. In one episode, his plan was to put the Joker poison in dog food! Oh, how evil! Batman is a fascinating and complex character, as his parents are being persecuted by him, for which he is fighting crime. This version of Batman does not appear to be persecuted by the deaths of his parents and is not at all interesting. He's also not a detective, just a fighter. If there is an enemy he can not win, he will not study the enemy to discover their weak points as the detective would do, they will only build a huge combat robot to beat them. Many times this show does not even feel like Batman, just another foolish anime that is nothing but a meaningless fight. What I hate most about this show is what they did to the villains. They took everything that made them cute and relatable and turned them into stereotyped, bad guys. Man-Bat is the biggest example. In the comic, he is a tragic scientist who studies blind mice to find a cure for his deafness. When experimenting on himself, he accidentally turns into a huge creature of a bat. In this show, he's a crazy scientist who deliberately transforms into a huge creature of a bat for no apparent reason. Almost all villains are like that; none of them, with the exception of one or two, has no real motive for their crimes. The worst characterization is Mr. Freez's characteristic. In the comic, Freeze was just a crazy scientist until genius writer Paul Dini did not write the BTAS episode "Heart of Ice", which gave Freez a new origion that made it a more tragic, three-dimensional, and sympathetic villain. This episode was so popular that fans accepted it as their origins and even used it in the comics as their origins. Even that shy movie Batman and Robin used as their origins. In this show, he's a jealous thief before he became Mr. Freeze. When you become Mr. Freeze, guess what? He's still a jewel thief! Great origin. No wonder they used it through what Dini created. As a fan of Batman, I do not like this show just because it's not like a comic, because I also liked BTAS, Batman cartoons that came after that, Batman's films Tim Burton, and obviously, top-notch movies by Christopher Nolan Batman. None of them were 100% loyal to comics, but they were still very good. The problem with this show is not that it's not like the comic or BTAS, because it lacks any depth that makes other Batman's media so popular. I gave this a huge number of opportunities, but the more I watch, the more I discover that it disappoints me. I miss the old days when Batman cartoons were something that everyone could enjoy.
