Only once I want to see the Beowulf version where the screenwriters seem to have at least a passing knowledge of the original song. Again, after watching the Sci Fi presentation, I'm disappointed. I do not suggest that writers need to understand and analyze the song in the old English language, but I want to at least try to read the translation in modern English and try to make a story based on it actually passes. The story is exciting enough; why add plots elements that do not exist and destroy the story? What's wrong with loyalty text? Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; why introduce a super-crossbow that is incredible and could not exist in this time period (as the previous critic pointed out correctly)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's it. Nobody else participated in the fight. The only way Beovulf could beat him was that he chose to specifically engage a monster without weapons, a mistake made by all previous challengers. However, in this version, the Danes and Geats fight against the beast, and Beowulf hooks Grendel's hand with the sword! Again, why can not we show what really happened? Personally I think the match between them would be much more exciting. All in all, this is a pathetic and immaculate image that is unbelievable to a true story. Why add a pact to Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, which includes sacrifice? Why create additional characters, such as Finn, who do not add anything to the story? There was no love story in the song. They could not even place scenes in appropriate places (forests instead of marshes and lakes beneath the lake). They do not notice the metaphor to denote Grendel's den? it should be underground to represent hell. Why not instead focus on the symbolism of the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were much better when they made a short film based on Beovulf, because they focused on the themes and symbolism on which stories are based. If Hollivood could make a film that focuses on these elements and which is faithful to complicate, then it would be a really great movie.
