Where to start? Anahronism? High-tech crossed bow with a circumference of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charge in 500AD? The Grendel monster that looks like a robocop and obviously never communicates with any weapon that fired or turned against it? The heart was taken out of the victim's chest without any contact? Maybe a blonde that would fit into a recent fashion show with her makeup and cracked hair? Ancient Danish court presented in classical Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis, more disappointed her heroes than madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not bother or even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. What about the characters that seem to be jumping in their attitudes without motivation? A prince without a brave idiot whose house has been destroyed by the monster Grendel more than once seems to be less respectful of the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent from a distance from Geat to help the desperate Danes. In this, he feels more like an old cowboy western than any other myth. Beovulf is an ancient story from an era with almost no literary tradition, and many of its sentiments and drama is unclear. I assume that any modern speech that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate into a secret must fail. I did not like Beowulf and Grendel, who sees Grendel as a human being and sees Hrothgar and his Dance as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as well-justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that the Hrothgar's Danes were a bunch the cat thugs who never realized, even after it was over, that brought this nightmare to themselves, and hence, the original story of Beovulf, as it was written, was the wrong interpretation of the true story. I think there is a more understandable meaning than this, but this "Grendel" terrible secret that Grendel's attacks on previous human casualties do not lead us to the shame that Hrothgar and Danny have experienced. This Beovulf recommends it as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give him 4: more than he deserves, but I always hope that the poor effort will draw attention from someone who is ready to intelligently witness the story. In the meantime, Sci-Fi's film production seems to follow NASA's policy that it is better to build many probes that fail than the few that succeed.
