La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or The Bloodsucker is leading a dance as I believe it's a common English name, it was set up at 'Ireland' in '1902' where mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) calls out actress Evelin soon to appear ( Patrizia Veblei as Patrizia De Rossi) and three other colleagues will soon be out of work for actresses Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) his castle is located on a small island not far from the coast. At first Evelin is not willing, but she is convinced when the agreed phase is. Samuel (Leo Valeriano) also goes together. Once, Count Marnak tells his guests that Father and Grandfather circumcised their husbands for cheating using a ceremonial knife and there is a sense of discomfort when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly like the current counts of a woman who did not escape. long ago ... In addition to having to worry about strange servants, it turns out that someone wants to use a knife to cut off a few heads ... This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo is totally, Complete and completely shit from start to finish. First, we begin with a critique with the title Krvopijac leading a dance, studying that title because I feel a little cheated that there is no vampire or any form of bloodshed, nobody leads anything at any time and there certainly does not exist a dance or dance, so do not expect anything from that. What you can expect is, however, a boring, boring, boring, senseless little giallo that lasts an hour before anyone is killed and every type of murder mystery begins to take shape, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is less important and uninteresting like anything else there. The best way to think is to think of the finest soft-core porn movie you've ever seen, then cut out most of the soft-core pornography and it just leaves bad actors, bad sync, bad dialogue, a bit of sexual and lesbian sex, and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really so bad. Elements of the mystery are crap, people make illogical things without obvious reason, and the overly complicated "twist" end is as bad as the rest, Sixth Sense (1999) is not! Director Rozzi is doing OK work and La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza really has a nice look and feel despite the apparent low budget, I think there are scenes showing the "storm" that rages outside the castle, but it is shot used in black and white! So, the film jumps out of brilliant color in black and white whenever it cuts into the storm and reappears in battle! There is an absolutely hilarious scene in which a girl and her friend are talking about her breasts and she allows her friend to feel who is then full of compliments; this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is priceless and simply the best movie, even if Poor Porn The 70s would be confused by the dialogue! There is a minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very pitiful. Forget about any blood or blood, because there is no head without a head. Technically speaking, the movies are pretty good, the setting of the period and the production design are actually quite impressive although it's not a massive range. Effective enough. The film has a good sense of color and cinema is fine. The movie was called so it's hard to give an opinion about the original performances, but loud actors are horrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a horrible movie, it does not make sense, there's practically no story for more than an hour, it's perhaps the most powerful name ever and it's really boring and boring with a confused stupid "twist". As for the Euro Horror fans, there are many much better movies than this, so please do not waste time, because it should be avoided. Trivia Note: Notorious (and Prohibited in the UK) Nazi Exploitation / Horror Movie Horrible experiments of the last days of the SS (1977) The AKA camp "Hell and Beast in Heat" was directed by Luigi Batzella and played a significant role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
