This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese film. And although I guess the original movie was pretty bad, they made it worse when American-international films hacked the film into pieces and put in US segments to deceive the audience. Now, unless your audience is made up of total idiots, it's painfully obvious that this has been done - and done with little money or worry about the final product. The conclusion is that you have many clear Japanese scenes, and then clear American scenes in which the movie looks completely different. Additionally, American scenes are meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings that only speak about the Gamer - an evil flying turtle! And although this is a fire breathing, flying and destructive monster, virtually no energy, because I assume that the actors were confused by being in this poor film - in particular, film veterans Brian Donley and Albert Dekker. They both looked tired and bad because they were there. As for the monsters, it's not quite a standard being like Godzille. See a giant turtle turtle to pull his head and limbs and starts to spin through the air like a rocket. On the other hand, sharper models of planes, structures that can be destroyed and power plants are, as usual, in this film and are not surprised. Additionally, a strange cliché from the Japanese movie monster is included, which will sincerely bother the majority of non-Japanese members of the audience, which is "a beautiful and premature boy who loves the monster and believes in it." Yeah, right. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and several other films, you have this boring creep that feels like a monster, although unlike later Godzilla incarnations, Gamer is NOT a good guy and it turns out that in the end, the kid is just an idiot! Sleepless, extremely bad special effects that could be better than the average seven-year-old, poor acting, senseless American pistols and sometimes horrible voice dubbing make this film a poor one. Strange, while most will surely hate this movie (and this stupid kid), there is a small and very vocal minority that likes these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosav. Do not believe them - this is a horrible movie! FII - Apparently because of his great theater presence, Gamer has been featured in several other films of the sixties, as well as some recent incarnations. Neither of them changes the central fact that he is a flying turtle or that films are really, really lame.
