We are now traveling in a parallel universe in which the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters that offset cities is part of everyday routine. It is the Godzilla, the Rodan, the Mothra Ghidra world, and their species - a strange world, and one has become even more strange in the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamer. Forever in the shadow of the Monolithic Toho Studio, the second degree Daiei Studios were more famous for Samurai's saga than monstrous films. In the mid-sixties, they decided to join the gigantic reptile race and set up a rival series of monsters for Toho's huge successful Godzilla. They wisely choose Gamer as its main ship - a giant turtle that shoots out of its teeth and spins through the air by shooting through the flames through the holes of the shell (and at one point you almost see the paper machine burning! First Gamer The movie "Gamera The Invincible" (as sold in the United States) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years behind. American fighters are firing an unmarked plane across the Arctic to its fire death - a nuclear bomb on board flies and a giant gamer fires out of an iceberg By feeding with atomic energy, she immediately left and the world wants to destroy Gamer once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic relationship with a huge turtle and even keeps a miniature version in the aquarium next to his bed, believes Gamera is essentially kind and benevolent. as a little Jewish kid with Hitler: "The gamer is a GOOD TURBO," he asked, then hugged, and put his face as if somebody was yoked in his coconut pack. It is miraculously listened to by world leaders, and so begins Z-Plan to save the world I Gamer from total destruction. Released 1965, Gamera was a surprising hit. The boring infantry anthropomorphism actually worked on the children's audience in Japan and the United States, and a gamer view of two legs that treads the miniature of Tokyo and the North Pole is magnificently stunning. The most surprising longevity of the series: eight original Gamer movies, as well as a series of recent processing. It's not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is eight years old old milketoast - and if I hear "Gamer is a friend of ALL children," I'll break Tokyo again. What appears to be an easy task in a parallel universe where children are smart and turtles are larger than the Seiko posters in 1965 at the Turma Gamer Tournament.
