With the increasing popularity of the Godzilla iconic series, as with any hit film event, there will inevitably be a bunch of imitators who will try to cash in on the big lizard. With Godzilla, the dawn of the growing popularity of the genre of the (giant monster) genre came. Many sought success; a few got it. One of the few who did not only profit, it was already popularized by Gamer, a giant turtle that could breathe in and out and fly spit from the sockets in its armor as a means of running the jet. But, unlike Godzilla, Gamer was sold as a friend to all children, and later fought with other monsters to save children at risk, and thus Gamera became very popular among boys. Unfortunately, this is the only audience that will like the original Gamer series. While the new Gamer films by director Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. The first Gamer movie, named in Japan as the "Giant Monster Gamer", "obviously wanted Godzilla.Although the film originated in the era of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie from the 1950s The gamer also attacks Tokyo because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I'm familiar with the American version, where the scenes are recorded and inserted new recordings with American actors Is it by chance that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla movie?) Now, does this adds and captures the movie, I can not say. But Gammer The Invincible is nothing more than a boring drill that looks just like a big turtle. Gammer The Invincible is a very routine movie. -fantastic standards, the story is rude, the monster has no real motive for attacking civilization, the acting is ridiculous, and so on and so forth.The only thing that distinguishes it from the Godzilla series is the ending of the film, but it's also a breakaway from the plan that ultimately ends stopping Gamer's game is completely fake and funny. Now the rest of the film and many other contributions in this genre also fit this description, but this is a terrible monstrous film. Although Shusuke Kaneko later transformed Gamer into an interesting monster with his trilogy of the 1990s, in the original series, Gamer was not an attractive screen presence. He was neither awesome nor compassionate. He only sneaks around like a child, swings with every step and interrupts the miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamer other than a small child (Ioshio Uchida, who is lazyly left out of a loan, although he plays a "central" role) who thinks Gamera is a nice turtle. Gamer's The Invincible genre is part of the easy target for criticism and this is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla-imitators, this Gamer film is not particularly good entry. As far as my film experience is concerned, other films from the series are either equally boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamer would be color-coded and continue to fight the monsters. And like Godzilla, he would get cheaper and cheaper with every movie until the time came to revive the series and make it serious again. It's weird. I usually recommend people to stick to the original and download the remake. But in the case of Gamer, my judgment is just the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the gamer's trilogy from the nineties directed by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series, unless they are interested. New films are inventive, well-made, exciting and, above all, fun. The original series is a long flow of boredom.
