I did not really want to comment, but then I realized that I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago and, although I do not think it's a complete waste of time (maybe it was money for producers), it's obvious that it has serious problems. It has good cinema and (small but) beautiful music. Much has been said about Ani Cristina Oliveira, but let's be honest, why? She is not actually an actress, and she permanently balances between excessive acting and senseless underestimation. Her performance goes fine because there has never been anyone in the film like Odety: crazy? sad? childlike? cheat? Nobody knows, guys. So, it here somehow dictates the rules. I thought that this film is also a good example of the problem with which most Portuguese films suffer: soundtrack. There is a constant NO to duplicate and this is the result of this common noise mass coming from blue. People in other countries may think Portugal is the loudest places. What thrilled me was that some of the dialogue was synchronized, but it did not necessarily solve the syndrome. And I must say it's a bad dubbing. It's weird to watch a movie in which the first thing that comes to my mind in the first scene, when the first character says: it's synchronized. And all this to say that the film has technical problems. There are also script problems. Trying to be classical from the first to the last scene. There was a desperate fear that things would be suspended and this would show up. The writer obviously tried to get everything done and he did it, but ... it shows !! All dialogs are too exposed and there is no piece of conversation that sounds like a line from a movie. It's all a bit raw and a little unpleasant. It's not that the movie is a total mess, I have to emphasize. I just think that the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to concentrate on bad things. Direction brings a little weak scenario. All recordings are classical and non-innovative, but they are beautiful. By the way, Rui Pocas's excellent work. What I think is a problem, one that prevents people from believing this story and laugh through the film, instead of grasping it seriously: a guy who plays a dying guy is obviously not an actor. Actually, this is a pretty important role and I do not see why non-actors are chosen for such parts. This guy is neither an actor nor a handsome man. Which means that the entire film is going down the mountain because we never believe that this beautiful woman is obsessed with it even though it has gone, and that its loving lover who survives actually has a bad time to overcome the loss, when we all see that this figure is apathy . A pity. The world is full of beautiful people who are even seductive lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and able to cause obsessions with people after their departure. The world is full of great movies, but not so great movies. That's life!
