I read another review that suggested that the line was an uninterrupted cycle of marines that kill people, they kill, take drugs, and say trash. I disagree with this because the movie actually had more to do with it, but it's a way to see what this person is trying to say: this did not have a real complication - with what I agree with. It is a self-indulgent Stone at his best. He really wanted to show, not only how the war led to death, but also how it is extremely traumatic for those who survive. Unfortunately, this film seems to "glorify" this aspect more, and the big finale is just too champagne, magnificent, hunting for skins "make a lasting image" for my taste. Problem I am with Stone and other filmmakers of his type, that they do not understand this concept: they describe the scary bloody deadly waste that war does not prove and does not even reflect on whether it was unjust or immoral war. We saw that the same thing happened at the moment with Iraq. In case you do not understand the point, let me tell you openly: if you have seen that the second world war is really bloody and how destructive it was to the lives of surviving soldiers, would you think it was an unjust war? If this fact itself does not convince you that it was an unjust war, why would the visions of Vietnam be convinced that it is wrong to go to war in that case? Personally, I do not support the American decision to go to war in Vietnam, but I certainly do not agree that "this war is wrong because people died and suffered" theory. I do not think that motivation is always wrong by default, just because the war itself is terrible. This does not say anything about the fact that the end or the final big "turn" was a bit silly. However, this is not Stones' first strange departure. Vall Street was a magnificent movie, up to the last 30 minutes, or something like that, when it made a terrible "wrong turn". JFK is probably one of the few films Stone did very well. But in this case it does not matter because there was very little complication to that point of the film. And that's why I gave her such a low grade. It was practically less of a story and in the end boring - unless you fell on the produced sharpness.
