I have a serious problem with this show, a few actually. For now, there will be enough simple list, later I will look in more detail on superficial characters, a trail of laughter and boring humor. If you do not want to look at the rest of this, you are viewing and reading only so that you can feel superior (like seeing something in this show I'm not) for a frequently disturbed teenager from Canada. TV audience for new, good shows (Arrested Development, Decree, etc.). Friends are so guilty of realizing TV, "Both And A Half Men" and "The King Of Kueens" as television directors. Now, on the review. These characters do not have a soul, they are exactly the same in every way (outside of the genus and hair color). They react in the same way in boring situations and are completely safe in their bodies. Where is the conflict and humor that comes with it? Why does Rachel not go to Monica after Monica begins to hang out with Rachel's enemy? Why does Joei not think about suicide because no one takes it seriously? Okay, he's stupid and he's pleased. This is the curse of the perfect characters: a permanent conflict and (preserve God) personality becomes an impossibility. Laughter-track is the only thing that was supposed to die right after being born. Every single one that has one is almost certainly the opposite of the funny one. How can I make such a broad generalization? When a performance that claims "comedy" requires a laugh, AKO RECEIVES THE PUBLIC, it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. Laughtracks destroy humor by preventing a quick return. Humor becomes a construct, not a free entity (see Office, Arrested Development). This leads to my next: humor is boring. There is no way to make a perfect figure anything more than slightly mildly (obviously without a laughing-track) simply because our everyday humor comes from recognizing our faults. So what if Monica came out at 17? She immediately recognizes that what she does is wrong and breaks off with him. There must be some kind of conflict, not a direct solution. Maybe her mother finds out, or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and end up being seduced. It would be great, it would be like a fight for custody! So now I have provided evidence for my position. Many of my friends love this play because they have not heard of Curb Iour Enthusiasm or Arrested Development, many of my friends hate this show because they have recently begun watching Curb Iour Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. In my life, I watched very little about "Friends", but I watched enough to see the huge flaws that make this show, in my opinion, completely invisible. If you've read this far, thank you and I hope you'll at least start watching some of the shows I mentioned.
