And a self-accepted one for lifting. At one point, the assistant doctor calls himself Igor. Working with the more likely idea that computers can be used to replace or reconstruct brain functions, this film does not spend enough time on space exploration. Much of the time on the screen is divided between domestic conflicts among girls in a coma and the pursuit of a donor of the brain donor. He tries to be a sci-fi / drama / thriller, but fails to deliver one of three. As a Frankenstein remake, this lacks everything that has been done originally well. No one calls the doctor crazy or even threatens to throw him out of the hospital. The transformation scene consists of the victim who opens an eye, and the incredible computer that runs it is not shown. When the experiment works, there is no compliment, and when it starts to sin, there is little reaction. Any uncertainty about who the killer could be broken is progressive showing in the same room with all possible suspects. Finding a killer is as easy as opening one file and interviewing one person. The first order of the opening indicates that this is happening in the SF, the cable car plays an important role, the lines live on the Victorian hill, the Pier 39 appears, and the final settlement occurs in Golden Gate Park. More specifically, along the three hundred rocks in the park - enough to keep the bridge always in the picture. When the obvious bases of the landscape are rounded up, no other attempt has been made to explore the city. The act is the only salvation of mercy here. Keir Dullea shows a good range and pulls a couple of truly emotional scenes. Suzanna Love shows a good recovery from whom. Tony Curtis gets only a few lines and twice as many evil types of looking with most Frankenscience explains away from his assistant. A little blue kid strikes well and his signs. I gave him an extra star for the scene where my husband ride south of the bridge, crossing to a semicircle at an unconnected parking lot. , and then immediately returns to the bridge that drives to the north. It takes a lot of things - courage, ignorance, deadlines - to try and slide that viewer during a single car ride.
