The last stop, the melodrama of director Michael Hoffman about the last months in the life of Leo Tolstoi, begins with fog and sleep. Christopher Plummer lives with his family at the complex in Iasnai Polyana, walking and writing and watching his wife and followers of his "movement", people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and communal life of property gathered in a forest camp not far. His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) openly wrestles with the head of his movement, Paul Giamatti, who claims that in his endeavors to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights to his work, the Russian people are trying to steal the wealth she owes to her after the death of her husband. Observing all this, Tolstoy's new manager, Bulgakov (James McAvoi), is a naive follower who is torn between love for man and his wife's care. The Hoffman scenario, based on the novel by Jaio Parnich, often turns into a confusing territory, creating a complex web of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately are not resolved in a satisfactory way. The film's size is great, and his story should be echoed as Tolstoy, whose convictions in a way have been hinted by Bolsheviks and pacifists like Gandhi. Unfortunately, this is not, it can not be separated, built with many harsh confrontations that are constantly being reeled into nothingness. The triple relationship between the Church, faithful Sophia and the unbelieving Tolstoi, for example, is often mentioned. In the final part of the film, a dumb priest appears in a magnificent drop, but the script never enlarges to it, except that it clumsily inserts into the story as an attempt to enrich or provide an image of historical accuracy. There are many details in the film, but most of them are not paid enough attention, so the film feels overwhelmed, overloaded, energetic, but unfortunately absurd. In the heart is love story between Sofia and Tolstoy, and this story, as confusing and cramped, is the reason for watching the movie. Mirren and Plummer are, not surprisingly, the best things in the movie. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague, suddenly confused and determined, concerned and full of joy and security. Mirrenina Sophia is in full panic, in a righteous soap, forced to look and expect to be gone when her husband gives away his time, his property and his money to people who are unequivocally dedicated to him, but also obviously own their own agendas. These are great performances, moreover, there is a huge gap between the true significance of the place in history and the ability of the script to support it, and Sofia and Tolstoy seem to be loved only in the film Mirren and Plummer, who themselves made the best they can, from that scarce material which exists. Giammati and McAvoi, both talented actors, are not able to do the same, and Giamatti Chertkov does not seem either a revolutionary or a thief (and not both), but a code, a stand-in for a whole package of unresolved concerns and an impromptu historical impulse. The scope of this stuff never comes down to anything, it connects, gets in effect from Plummer and Mirren, and not much more. It's interesting and nice, but in the end it's also ungrateful. 4.5 / 10
