What a great actor in such a terrible story ... The film and his production, however, are pretty good, although they are set up in London, but with the exteriors in Bristol. Does not matter ?? You see one cathedral, you saw them all, somehow. The story, however, refers to a man born with the power to spark death and destruction to everyone and everything, if so desired. With only a transient reference to real-life telecine cases, narration builds a picture of a man abused and misjudged as a boy, a teenager and finally as a man; So much so, in fact, that he complains about his will, literally. Over time, it comes to the conclusion that the whole world goes the wrong way and so moves to destroy the party? Thinking about it! However, the problem with the narrative is that he is trying to merge the right scientific information about strange mental powers and to connect them all with quasi-religious cappers to produce Hockey about theory. Blending facts and fantasy in this way rarely works ?? and I'm afraid that Richard Burton, on some occasions, had to be terrible to turn himself into trying to sound convincing. His best scene, however, was when he gave his wife and her lover a verbal affection while leaving his home: a sharp, humorous and deadly dialogue, delivered just as Burton could. Good support still helps things look and sound much better, starting with Lino Venture, which I last saw in Garde A Vu (1981), as Inspector Brunel; Harri Andrevs as Assistant Commissioner; a lot of underestimated Lee Remick as Dr. Zonfeld; Derek Jacobi as a publisher, Tovnai and several other famous actors. I liked the way the story was presented, like a flashback in a flashback to fill the story and so solved the current mystery. Attempts to kill Morlara (Richard Burton), a writer with a killer disposition. Until that moment, it was a good piece of visual detective work by Brunel and his English assistant. Nevertheless, it was very predictable, because it became very obvious to me about the identity of a future killer. Then all of this went for fifteen minutes. If you want to find out what it is, think of Samson and Delilah (1949), of the famous Cecil B. de Mille, and how Samson finally got bad guys. And the last scene is just stupid. Why? Because there are at least a hundred ways in which Morlaire's rampage could be stopped, absolutely. Shame, in fact, because it could have been a much better story and movie. I guess Burton really needed the money. If you are a fan of Burton, then spend time to see the scene I mentioned above. Otherwise, do not be tormented.
