This incredibly overpriced anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girlfriends in class) who piloted a huge robot to defend Japan from attacking beings called Angels. Angels have been given very little explanation or why their numbers have increased lately, and appear to emerge from nowhere for no reason (why not attack all at once instead of the intervals that are suitable for people you are trying to destroy?). Robotic combat scenes try to use different obstacles, but the action itself is badly performed and boring for watching. Almost every episode looks like a waste of space where nothing of interest is happening. Some might be intrigued by fans who mention here (very little) symbolic references, but that's all - shallow liners with religious or philosophical notions that are randomly thrown out of the craft. On the whole, the series is incredibly boring because of the superficiality of characters, which are nothing more than self-sacrificing cribs. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplified conflicts like "I hate my father" that repeats over and over again and again and again, without progressing above their nominal value. It is not too surprising to say that these characters push this series from an average average time into the rubbish that provokes anger during the last episodes with their endless, troubled diamonds of overly repetitive psychobobs (some of which are totally meaningless). I'm not kidding when I say this series is just worse and worse. Every day I watched a DVD set that sat on a desk in my living room and said to myself: "Damn, I need to watch the next episode at some point." (Sighs) Maybe I spend another one tonight. " The real kicker was that the episodes lasted only 25 minutes, but they somehow managed to turn into a completely uninteresting borefest in the first 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who will happily sit through 150-minute glittering rhythm films, so my critique of this series is truly the greatest. Never in my life I did not despise watching the series as much as the "Evangelion". I already bought it on the basis of all the fanatic comments about the IMDb, and I certainly did not want to allow it to collect dust after I spent my hard-earned money. There followed 10 hours of pure, implacable torture. My relationship with love / hate with anime turns into a relationship of hatred / love after this laudable catastrophe. Evangelion presents everything anime does NOT need to be - massive amounts of boring, pretentious veils under the mask intelligent cinema. The universal recognition of this shit is simply incredible; and funny claims by fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of humanity" is probably the stupidest comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
