Occasionally I see some of these shows because my wife sometimes looks at it. I'm trying to enjoy it because that's the basic idea that helps the family in trouble, but a few factors stand in my way. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts look completely scripted (as they are), and tears appear to appear. Attempting to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breaks and sad music is right for me. The fact that anyone who donates something home, whether it's Sears or anyone, has to turn on to be generous, is also irritating. Probably the biggest problem I have with everything is that what must be a huge amount of money and a small army of workers are combined to build incredibly above the house for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in Disney / ABC bins, but how much more can it be done for more people with the amount they put into a house? Instead of focusing on one family and making them all cry during the episode, why not help the families and show the heights? Is life not hard enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things for sadness, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? I know what works for these families is good, but they are also used for evaluation. You can not tell me that sometimes they do not train for wages. I guess when I see that these people move into a home that most people working in the United States could not afford to their children, it really bother me. I can not help but think what could really be done with a small part of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV or a personal shower that tells you about the temperature of the water and is getting out of the ceiling, why not help more people to afford food, clothing, education and health insurance? I know we can have fun and we have a good cry. As for money, I feel the same for Oprah. I do not think anyone can figure out the amount of money he owns. Yes, her recent reality shov did a good thing, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every lost "competitor" I'm sitting here thinking ... it's an annual salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not start playing. So I understand that Ektreme Makeover Home Edition "does good", but forgive me if I see it as more self-serving than giving myself. Is there someone who feels similar?
