I am a Christian and I say that this film had terrible acting, unrealistic situations and a completely facade front for Christianity. You could also watch "Remember Titans" and at least not mix Christ in a football movie as a steroid for loser form. Allow me to make some essential comments about what disturbed me in this movie. 1. The school was in Georgia and was a white college academy. I did not notice any black student or player at school. I am dealing with white "Christian" academies in the south, and they are built for nothing else but to re-establish segregation. This is troubling when a film about Christianity and Christ changing lives ... how to change the heart of segregation? (note: I loved a token black trainer, as if he had offset a wholly white team and all the black 'Giants' players.) 2. Uncritical praise of all Christians about this film. May I invite a couple of people to say that it was a bad acting, bad recording, bad writing and, in short, bad compared to other films. To compare this with another football film, would you have the same charisma and energy? 3. Semitic Christianity that turned out to me, had even less meaning than unrealistic ending. If Christianity is simply reading a small letter and prayer to begin a complete change of life, then do not ask yourself when no one will listen to what Christians have to say. We want to sell Christ as a cure for all. He does not need to sell him and he does not have to be tied to such humorous styles of life. No wonder everybody thinks that Christianity is anti-intellectual with this unrealistic presentation. I recognize that this movie can be inspiring for several people. For the majority, it will not be. She will not give the true picture of a fight and sincere tension. Most importantly, it is not Christianity in any way nor does it extend. It has value, but it is insufficient as a 'pull-up-to-start' message as shallow as a positive thinking. If you live next to people who are fighting and / or living in the conditions of life in the third world, this film will be empty because most churches today are in their religion.
