This film is not football at all. It's about Jesus / God !! It's the same kind of suspicious dedicated religious nonsense you got from those crazy idiots fighting for Jesus or pumps for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely rejected, he loved contact sports, and he definitely had complete bells. DUHHH! This film should have been titled "Hiking for Jesus," or something similar to the public being aware that the real intention of this film is to turn people into Christianity and to encourage those whose brains are already thoroughly washed. in the blood of the lamb. If the title is derived from the Bible, it is clear when the head coach reads the Bible and asks for help. The recent sports film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus was not a factor either. It was only the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. Any broad attraction as an inspirational sports movie is ultimately lost in the midst of a whole bible Bible and dedicated religious propaganda. The impression is that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a positive gain if you accept Jesus as your personal rescuer. But this simply is not true, and therefore is a lie that is maintained by those who believe it to be true and want everyone else to believe it. The image of a winning athlete who thanks Jesus when the victory comes directly into the mind. What does he do when he loses? Is Jesus cursing? Of course not! When he loses Jesus, he is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And the logic is processed and rounded up and ends exactly where the true believer should be, each time !! I had to take a break when a scene with a trainer came in to get a brand new truck so that I could stop rolling on the floor and laugh from the spirit. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. It is strange that most so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see Jesus fish on the back of a huge SUV that passes through me as if I stand still. Another message this film implies is that Jesus is obviously more interested in recording a loss in an average high school football team that works for millions of children starving in the world. The final scene in which an unsecured and unsafe kicker runs a goal of 51 yards and it raises as incredibly incredible wonder, puts me in a party with a spoon of a religious red flag at this party. I gave her only three stars because the guy who played black coach could work.
