Christians criticized and despised me because I expressed my disappointment with this film. I'm being pushed by these statements: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was made entirely by Christians!" "They all donated their time and no one was paid for the movie! It was made by the church, not Hollywood, and we should spend our money on such films! They only used $ 100,000 to make a movie." "This is a real church and a Christian school in Georgia! The preacher wrote and directed it." So, obviously, the reason why I would love this film is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money that was used to make it, and this was done by Christians. That's all I need to love a movie. Look, I got a movie without knowing anything about the background of the movie. I've never heard of it and I had no idea - except for football - what's it about. I watched him like watching another movie and I was disappointed. I was disappointed with poor editing and lame scripts. I was very disappointed about the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. There were other cheap movies and other expensive films that earned me less respect. It's not about filming a movie. This is the ultimate product. The author admits that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray in the way we want, but he wanted to show that he has faith, God is changing our lives. It's true. However, God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and not get a raise from our work. God can change our lives and our car is still old. God can change our lives and our house is still smelly. Why did not he show it in the movie? Others expressed their concerns about the writer / director, but apparently he was defensive. I love the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His terrible power and our weakness. Writing and directing were very weak. It's easy to distinguish it because many characters do not have any development. All we get from a trainer's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, to the end of the movie). It seems that there was only a player of a ball that had the potential to have an interesting character, and it was chopped into a piece: "I have a father who has a rich man and I can not play football well, but I will even win the goal in the field. although until now I have never thrown away the real field goal. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. Um, I worked for two Christian schools, I went to one, and I had many nephews and nephews in other Christian schools. All in all, I had pretty close ties with a dozen different ones. None of the problems I have seen in ALL of these schools is addressed. I saw it as completely unreal in the film about their school and I wanted them to show the human factor. It would be nice to see the dose of reality and how God can work. I will close it by saying that every work - either written or drawn or played on the instrument - divides the artist's view of the world. The glimpse of the world shown to me in this movie consists of "People who pray in the right way to win ball games, get new cars, imagine when they can not, get a raise and fix their house - everything in a short span of time." I know . I should love the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who made it. I think I should love the movie because it was good and for no other reason.
