It is interesting that 90% of the reviews with a large number of votes consist of "* random username" from "United States" (without state pride) that say more or less the same thing with the same grammatical style and all with the same complete lack of taste in movies. I would deal with this suspicious trend, but unfortunately, this is a review of the film, not the reviews themselves. Allow me to say that I am a Christian and a truly passionate movie fan. That means I've seen many movies, from good to bad, and can wholeheartedly say that Dealing with giants is not really a good movie. It has good intentions, but it fails to satisfy many (if any) basic standards that I associate with quality film experience. Actress: Mostly horrible, tasty in the best way. Hearing that most of the obviously volunteers are not surprising at all. Dialogue: An inconsistent, cheesy, script appears as a long version of some sweet sketch you would see in a Sunday school or youth group function. Robots scan the Rave enjoying the absence of "pointless words," but the cold cold truth is that such words are part of the real world, and the complete absence is tangible. Let's just say that the head coach in the national championship had much to say than "NO!" when things do not go their own way. Plot: Mind-bogglingli predictable. It was commented that this film is "not a Hollywood cliché," but it is as if it was drawn directly from the film Underdog Sports For Dummies (including a compulsory quasi-romantic subplot for ladies) and only had a Christian theme painted coat color. I do not lie and I do not praise myself when I say that I had almost every detail in the story and subplot immediately after their start. Only one who has never seen a decent sports movie in his life would be emotionally excited by the story presented here. Directed / edited: And she was also drawn almost right after the generic Underdog Sports Movie Template. Still, acting aside, there were not many notorious nonsense, so at least the Confrontation with giants was technically competent. <br /> <br /> Message: Ask Jesus and he will fulfill all your desires. Part of me hoped this film would end up in the eventual defeat of the team to really emphasize the whole part of "If we lose, we praise You, because in the real world, you will not succeed at one time or another, and it's good to be ready for it." But in the world of dealing with giants, if you fail, it's obvious that someone was either screwing up or cheating. Another interesting question is, what if the Eagles came across another team that got a religion? Would they be captured by the endless loop of marvelous games and rescue at the last moment, or would the universe simply explode? Bottom Line: For a hardcore conservative Christian Parents crowd lamenting evil Hollivood, Dealing with the giants will be another central-to-the-best Christian film to stick to the pedestal as the preferred model for the modern \ t film. For all others, the effects will move from boredom to the burning desire to look something else. And warning: Any attempt to show this to non-Christians will not lead to conversion, but to ruin. I'm giving these two stars, one for one scene that did not rely on me with my eyes, and the other for basic technical expertise at a low budget.
