I watched this movie in a youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife crossed. Then some of the grown-up couple at the Christmas party related to the church deceived themselves into giving a copy of this film to every family that was present, and now my house is stuck with the film (although luckily it's still in his film). I cried bitter tears for these sad events, and this is why: First: this film has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film is trying to show you to believe in God and make your life better. Not so bad, is it? Eh. It turns out the problem is big. This film was made by the church, so it is certainly necessary to deal with each individual question as delicious as possible to Christians. Everything is black and white, no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is a predictable thing, and it immediately comes to all those who execute His command. It is not a God I know. This is not a Christian life I'm familiar with. The God I believe in is a mighty and trustworthy God, but He is not the one who fulfills every wish of mine. I follow him the best I can, although it's often difficult; however, the football team in this film considers their humility and self-control much easier than anyone could ever find. They can not relate to cutouts from cartons that turn from the wrong side to the good side during several structured film scenes. And when I follow his commandments in the Bible, I certainly am not in the blessing as these characters do. The biggest of my direct awards is that I know I did the right thing; everything else comes with a long, messy, hard work. But take the example this film sets: Grant Tailor is training a soccer team at the Christian Shiloh School, which had 6 consecutive loss seasons. He may lose his job because of that, and he and his wife do not have enough money. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he's sterile. Oh, and his car does not work. And the guys in his soccer team are dishonest to their parents, eager for their millions of losses, and are poor in kicking goals on the field. There is certainly a failed community here. But wait, Grant Taylor decides to believe in God for everything! And he transfers his faith to his team. For now it's good. Not long. As they begin to obey, they bless literally POUR on them. Suddenly students stopped respecting their parents; the school has a great "rebirth"; the team starts to win EVERYTHING; even win a big championship against the hardest team in the league! Coach Tailor's job is safe; the school gets a new brilliant truck as a gift (which, by the way, is a symbol of shallow, honest employers); gets a raise; his wife (gets this) even pregnant from her sterile sperm! And this skinny kid manages to throw out his first goal in the right field when it really matters! Vovzer, voot, iai, glory to the Lord, etc., etc. ... Iipe. Just IIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in such a dry way. Yes, there were many miracles in my family, as well as the gifts and comfort of the creatures, and I attributed them to God's grace and love. But God is not a tap of tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! He is mostly a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but really. It's a long, heavy blow on the road of fulfillment, and things that NEVER fall out as you thought. This film has good intentions. But, due to its greatest shallowness and total escapism, it is enormously supplying 1/10. Poor acting and sports film clichés look like mere pincers along false lies that this film inadvertently pushes. life, even you need to add some awkward truth to the mix. Regardless of the fact that the basic population is covered with this candy sweets, none of it has learned anything significant. Give us the flesh, the bones, the real thing! True life is valid for all, and not just for Christians, and this is one aspect of "Dealing with the giants" who failed to understand.
