I learned about this film because in it was a Jewish Ben Chaplin from Game On. Game He is a fun British sitcom and obviously went because he wanted to break into Hollywood and act in this movie. He thanked God. The film is a very simple romantic comedy with Janeana Garofalo who plays an ugly woman who uses a neighbor Umu Thurman at a meeting with Ben Chaplin because she thinks Ben Chaplin will not like her because she's ugly. The film is so bad for many reasons. The action is incredibly predictable from open slopes to serious mushy pieces: only this installation where all three are entertained, and then photography. These two scenes made me huddle! Janeane's character is disgustingly arrogant (and speculation about her role as stand-up "comedienne" and arch-feminist is also in real life). She claims that the film is "anti-feminist" when it's actually realistic. Men more often than not go to look beyond personality. It is interesting to note her hypocrisy. She was a feminist and "comedian" for years before she took over this role and then suddenly decided that the movie would be bad. I suppose she hated the idea and script of this film before it was released, but made sure that she remained so quiet that she could be paid for this film tragedy. I mean, come on! She acted in that for God's sake! What this movie really was anti-males, if nothing. She portrays men as dumb animals whose brains are in their overburricula, and men do nonsense to draw attention to the character of Ume Thurman Noelle. There are other bad things about this movie, such as Character Ben Chaplin Brit, every American, believes that sweet and Jamie Fokk is the symbol of Chaplin's best friend and, of course, Fokk had to try several times mimics its emphasis for a good measure. Is it the best scenario writers to come up with? Blimey they never did it, except with every Hugh Grant and Dudley Moore film ever made. There's also a really terrible phone sex scene that's just grotesque and proves how much the movie is cheap. All other comments here say that Janeane Garofalo is not ugly, but she's actually pretty. Did I watch the same movie as they did? She is certainly not handsome and the only good thing about this movie is that she was just thrown out ugly. Although I said that, I do not see Ume Thurman's complaint: she is skinny and skinny. I guarantee three things about this movie if you have never seen it: You will know what the end will be; You will find that the scene of sex with the phone is painfully embarrassing and you will be bored after ten minutes. Beware of your own risk.
