The screams are one of those films that, with a little more acting, a bit more direction and much more logic of the story, were quite tempting as a horror. At the present moment, it's still a creepy movie that has solid effects of lipstick and upstairs, and a premise that keeps the mood of terror in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teens who kill one at a time - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change in tempo. And the plot line is stunningly similar to dead birds, with a steep looting, an abandoned terrible house amidst nothing and demonic monsters. But just like dead birds, adults are still pointless, run around, before they are slaughtered one by one, and ignore the obvious danger. In the Scarecrow, however, we never found out supernatural. why, and which maintains the atmosphere of creepiness. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Rai Bolger, of course. Fleeing in a hijacked plane with a pilot and his daughter, after a robbery that looted millions, the para-military crowd is overlapping by one of their; A very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps from a plane with a large and heavy box holding money with obviously no plans to move around when he is on the ground. Being the stupidest of the group, he was first killed. But not before it happened at Fowler's residence, he nestled amidst terrible terrible paths and was surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and a lot of warning to keep up. And the weird way on the roof, with villas and pterodactyl, also should have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also pretty ominous (us in the audience). Disturbing, we must listen to Burt's thoughts in the voice while he is walking and mysteriously turning to the key. to the truck in the yard. The way the key comes out would be enough for my pants - with me in them - to fly through the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy watching people's lips moving on the screen, even when they are just thinking aloud. It helps to intensify the action, and gives the actor more than just to look like what the voice says. Burt picked up the box on the truck and escaped. Why not? The broken trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and a battery? no problem. Now I mentioned that Burt was the stupidest of the crowd, and here's why (in addition to the above, of course). Carrying nightglass goggles to walk through the leaves and find the house, he takes them off to drive the truck, and instead includes lights to see where it goes. Of course, thieves still notice the headlights of his truck and know where they are going. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed spectacles for night vision, because every scene is brightly lit, from inside the plane to the night environment and home. The cameraman was either a. miopic, b. only out of school, or c. Bert meets his death when a truck dies in the middle of a crash. Imagine. One very nice touch, and there, I have to admit, a few in the movie, is the fact that when you open the lid of a truck, there are no engines. Weird, to be sure (and re-enter the comment on pants). The logic of the story fails when the dead, now filled-like-money-with-money-and-slam-burt, returns to the house. The rest of the crowd is there, he picked it up, then he realized that he was really dead, and he was burdened and stuffed like a cloth with money and straw. Dead Burt manages to fight, and grabs one of his mouthbacks, pushing him through the window, causing him to bite more than he can chew in the guerrilla scene. At this moment, you would think that they would get out of the house and return to the plane - but no, they decided to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt dead episode is treated quite unusual, although one great lamp in the group argues: "Burt walked dead, for God!" Stolen coins suddenly appear on the field in front of the house, and thieves leave the bait safely. Soon, another one, Jack, was shipped, and again the scene was well made and terrible, including a blunt hand and no anethosis. There are now three scarecrows fighting the destruction, and one of them needs a literal hand. When one of the thieves sees the scarecrows and Jack is scared, he starts screaming, escaping like hell, and shooting from his pistol a typically para-military way. So much for all these pressure training exercises. He meets with the others and stops to explain why he screams, runs like a hell and shoots with a gun, although it seems that the scarecrows are rotting. Again, that logic logic ... Dead and ruined, Jack returns to the house and goes for screaming with common results. If you listen to Jack's demonic slumber, you may notice, depending on your age, that it is the same sound of a monster that is often heard in Lost In Space TV. The last two survivors run away from home and return to the plane, barely fleeing. But is not it? You'll have to see a movie to find out.
