I watched SCARECROVS because of the buzz that surrounded him. Well, I can not imagine that everyone likes this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. It is obvious that the one who made this movie does not know anything about horror. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage of two genres: an action movie (weapons and criminals) and horror (live scarecrows). When criminals kill one by one of the ghostly scarecrows, the two genres automatically turn off because they are the first criminals who care about criminals, and second, because they are stupid criminals to lift! If the zombie scarecrows go after them, they do not work here. Where is the horror in that? I wanted criminals to die terrible, painful deaths. But the story is so badly constructed that this marriage is genre, which could have been genuine if it's well-worn, NEVER GELS. We simply remain a bunch of super dense criminals and a bunch of scarecrows who are "alive" for any weak reason that the authors of the film have come up with. Even worse is the fact that cinema is terrible (TV) and, worse than all, the whole pile of dialogue is told at CB, and we are constantly hearing a meaningless dialogue that is spoken through unconnected images as if we were looking at a type of radio emissions. This part was really bad. The director was supposed to be filmed on the spot because he came up with such a stupid idea! I can not tell you how embarrassing it was. As I have already mentioned, criminals at SCARECROVS are astounding stupid. For example, when somebody suddenly appears, pulls out and fills it with money and straw (yes, straw) in its huge open wound, others ask, "What is the drug on?" after they shot a bullet in him, they can not kill him (he was "zombiefied" by the scarecrow. Do not ask ...). Get strange clues, morons. I've never seen such dumbbells in the movie. And there's a girl. I wanted that some of the scarecrows killed her quickly because of the pain in her ass. When she discovers that her father is trapped for a "cross" of scarecrows, she actually blame criminals on an unpleasant scene (bad behavior), although criminals could not do it. What a stupid thing! But the scarecrows are the biggest weakness in this very weak movement. They're not scary. Nothing much explains about them. These are just devices for complications in this movie that is loaded with the device. Mr. Veslei, shooting the face of the scarecrow for 30 seconds without ceasing causes nothing but pure boredom. And that scene with a head that talks in the fridge. Thank you for laughing. All in all, this had to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen (and I've seen a lot of movies these days!) Between the equally poor SILO KILLER or SCARECROVS, I'd rather watch SILO KILLER again -a. Yes, SCARECROVS is so bad.
