The orange tone of everything was just cruel. Oh yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that is orange-colored orange. In the meantime, to mentally escape this abominable poverty of the body, she plays a video game with complete immersion (which is a shame is that no rules are clear and there is no logic accompanying the game). She obviously earns the income by playing a game, but she finds out that she is not an employee of a game company. A lot of non-speech breaks later the story slowly draws. It uses a smooth orange computer interface with an operating interface that is so visibly boring and I can only suspect Microsoft's future release. Meanwhile, I am a viewer, I ask essentially why she is wasting her precious time in some moronic game when she hardly has a need for life? Oh ieah, playing games is fun, but what's the point when you're almost hungry? While she entertains her life in a bad, even more orange-colored video game, her dog escapes (probably looking for the owner who pays at least a moment's attention and feeds him regularly) or is stolen from a woman (while she ignores her poor orange reality). In the meantime, she is obsessed with a game that her game team lost a whole uninteresting movie. Iavn. So, she wants to be the best of the best, go for them Ash Catchem (must make us all bored). Naked, this main character is bullshit as a human being and has no redeeming quality other than its physical beauty (which it could have replaced in some way to avoid its broken poverty). So she reaches the real "level" and, at least, is not terribly terrible and she is sent to kill a former comedic matchmaker who mentally lives in "real" level. Finally, the boring boring, luminous orange film is no longer a boring job for watching, but it has the potential to say something like "the main character is trapped in imaginary computer-generated poverty and it is now in the real world." Perhaps they will do the act of murder and live in the real world now? Well, she kills the guy and he disappears in a digital effect. Wow! Thanks to the idiotic director. You're bullshit, you soak up, director. Here the director had a chance to redeem a little bit by burial of this bad, lame, stupid, stupid film, with a philosophical turn. The director could say: "REAL WORLD is here and if you live in it and contribute to it being better, it will not be any cruelly orange poor land." The clever way to make this movie with sabotage an agony is a slow lesson about basic civic pride (for 1% of viewers who at this moment have not found something that is really fun to watch or are film masochists). No, Director. The director had to screw up all this by throwing up some raw digital effect and destroying all the chances of redemption for this horrible bad film that was a waste of money, a waste of time and a loss of confidence among viewers. <br /> <After that it ends. Good riddance. I hope the director will suffocate. I'm putting this HACK on my list "Avoid at all costs" for all the other films that have been assigned a name.
