You got a present. It's extremely wrapped. The box in which it is located is handmade made of the finest wood and shows the skill to the smallest detail. It is then wrapped in lush paper, handmade and hand-painted by the most talented artists. The whole thing is wrapped in strips of fine silk lace. It's a sight for watching. Then you cut the tape, discarded the paper, opened the box and found ... nothing. These are toys. Or enjoy the package or forget about it. The film is not without purpose and purpose: War is not a good thing. Well, is not that the original! He had to be so obvious that it was almost embarrassing even to point out that. Even those poor cognitions undermine a story in which the elements of war toys in particular - obviously a bad thing, while they do not need an exciting climax and the film simulates the war using innocent toys. It's as if someone preaches a strict, lenient sermon, just to finish with the words: "I'm just kidding." But even as an empty box, the film does not study carefully. Yes, it's a look that can be seen with some extraordinary, striking images. The sets are imaginative, and the cinema with skill captures colorful scenes. But the images are cold and emotionally sterile. Like the script, the appearance of the film is without joy and sometimes aesthetically sterile and surreal. It is a movie that wants to boast toys as wonderful and special things, but it still shows that there are creations of an empty and cold world. The film strives to be ridiculous, in a harsh way, but humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as the successor to the toy of the toy industry, throws into his ad-lib stitch, which only seems a strange bizarre, cold-structured world that inhabits. Indeed, the current references and untamed sexual hints that are scattered all over the country are contradictory to the children's story that the film is vaguely trying to be. To make this film work, or make sense, it needs to be put into its own universe, and Oz is far from Kansas. Every time the jokes return us to reality, a movie player becomes an increasingly obvious lie. They say it was a pet project director Barry Levinson, who was trying to make it. for ten years. Unfortunately, it is obvious why he had problems getting support. Like most pet project projects that have been made (RADIOLAND UBISTVA, RADIO FLIER & BATTLEFIELD: COUNTRIES are excellent examples) it seems to be a blind spot in the movie field of visibility. Perhaps Levinson directed and redirected the TOYS so often in the head that he had no fresh vision when he finally reached the sound stage. He has already perfected him to death. Many toys in the movie are clumsy, mechanical, monstrous. Like a movie itself.
