Funny hair, which combines its mistake trying to have meaning. Joan, this time as a congressman, Agatha Reed, president of the committee devoted to "researching high food prices." She says Reed's daughter: "The housewife got her in the neck for too long. I will continue to fight long enough for the American family to go on vacation once a year, watch a movie every week and occasionally feed on an elephant peanut." She is all business, but she becomes all gush when she was awarded a honorary degree from the College of Good Hope, where she was thrown out for the crime of staying out all night (the parental of Joanna's real life here is infallible, as in all of Joan. Movies). The degree provokes much embarrassment on the campus ("That would make it the most complex institution in the history of education!") ?? but Joan is not aware of when he arrives. The chairman of the college, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Ioung, in his most beautiful, accidentally Joan's former teacher? and lover. She spent the night with him, but Joan thought it better to simply go away than to try to explain to the skeptical college that they would soon marry. Of course, this high profile event will be covered by * Life * magazine ?? And who turns out to be a photographer? Another Joanna's old lover? the one she had been hanging out with in China during the war, and she thinks Joan could go into trouble with her old flame. Eve Arden, playing Joanna's assistant, "Voodie," is in her voice and the smartest in this movie? with her frivolous and unnecessary remarks that would make you dismiss her from work if you do not love her so much. But you do not just love Eve in this, as in all of her roles, you worship her. She's so dumb and nonsense, she would like to pay her only to stay and be one of the guys. When Joan cries when she arrives in her alma mater, Eve tells her "looks fierce". But Joan says that perhaps others see only a collection of buildings, she, Joan, sees a youth ?? She was 18, alone, expecting, a little scared, asking, "What is life? What am I?" "But, of course, if we come to the depth of Joan's 18, the truth may be a bit different. For me, this is the main problem in watching any Joan movie. You can call her characters what you want, but it's always Joan all the time. Since what we always see as Joan alone, it's easy to dismiss the names of the characters. It just puzzles when Joan is trying to tell us something that is obviously untrue, like her description at 18? when we know that at 18, Joan was already around the block several times. Many men would describe her as impatient, and as far as expectation is concerned, she is already but a few problems, but it's a personal problem, but I'm giving up, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "and then Joan does" this or that, or "We see Joan like ..." when we literally do not look home movie. There is an unintentional hilarious moment in which Joan gets Clara Bow the doll she left behind in college. The quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and that this is a transparent trick to believe that Joan is much younger than he looks. It does not work. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 50's. In the story, Joan wrote a book on free speech and recorded a movie (not, not one about a plumber), and attracted the attention of the campus radicals in the early fifties, dr. his attitudes, which are shockingly similar to Joan's. Here the film mysteriously becomes a story of morality weak, to be sure, but perhaps the only thing that prevents us from falling into oblivion.
