This film was so bad that I do not know whether to laugh or cry. This year I had high hopes for Horrorfest, which was also the first year when I attended horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all his films are made of false advertising to a whole new level. Mad is great for advertisers, because I am sure they have deceived many people to spend money and watch those movies that year. Hamiltons were easily the worst of those I saw (others I saw were restlessness, dark driving and reincarnation). Film processing and trailer made it look like a family of cannibals who terrorize the environment, which I thought was pretty interesting plot, and in the end was disappointed to discover that it was a story of 'coming of age' 'on the transition of boys to life vampire . That's why the drama prevails over every feeling of horror in this movie. And to make the plot even funnier, they added a series of angry twins who were eagerly waiting to take a "bite" from each other, and some lethal creatures locked in the basement, which if I discovered what it was "that the secret was not detected on its own At the end of the film, I would leave the theater halfway through the film. Totally wasting money and time. Cut forty minutes of this movie, and convert it into the episode in a show like Smallville or Supernatural and Charmed, or to get more praise than this. Absolute rubbish! So bad that I am two years later had to return to IMDb and write a review about it, because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Also, while reading this, be clearer than other Horrorfest movies in the future. The best you can do is to rent them from Blockbusters or look somewhere on the internet. Horrorfest containing films of independent filmmakers who can not make it to the big screen, and all the bullshit about 'things that you do not show in theaters, "they did not mean blood, or courage, or horror ... related to movies. Because they're terrible. Imagine Horrorfest as a less-reputed version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror films. <Br /> <br /> Sorry for the '' hatred '', but next time, think twice before you cheat customers out of their money.
