Hamilton tells the story of four Hamilton brothers and sisters, teenagers Francis (Cori Knauf), twins Vendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the oldest David (Samuel) who is now the main surrogate parent. Hamilton's resettlement house, Franics is not sure why he is dissatisfied with the way things stand. The fact that the brother and sister kidnapped, detained and killed people in the basement did not help to relax or calm Francis' nerves. Francis knows that something is wrong and when he finally finds out the truth, things will never be the same again ... Co-author, co-producer and director Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers ( which is the only film director so far who has so far been a remake for April football (2008)), this was one of the films to die for 2006 after the Dark Horrorfest (or as it's called) and keeping up with almost everyone else I am I saw that Hamiltonians were full of total and total shit. I discovered that the character is really poor, very inconspicuous, and that the slow-moving story has failed to capture my imagination or keep my interest in 85 minutes and half a duration of 86 minutes. There was a terrible twist in the end that laughed me loudly, there is really a durable construction to what is found in cabinets in the Hamilton's basement and eventually it was discovered that a little boy with a bear. Does that really need to scare us? Does it really need to shock us? Is this really something that should tell us about it when the credits end? Is the innocent young boy the best to "curl" the ending that creators could come up with? The boring plot is in the right direction, it's never clear where Hamiltonians get all the money to buy new homes because none of them work (except David in the slaughterhouse and I doubt he's paying a lot) or why they have not been caught before. The script attempts to mix in everyday drama with a powerful horror and it simply makes the horrible job of combining these two to such an extent that none of the aspects is unforgettable or effective. A really bad movie about which I'm struggling to say something good about it. Despite being written and directed by extreme-sounding Butcher Brothers, there's no blood here, there's little blood stains and several scenes of girls. tied in the basement, but nothing you could do at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and your camcorder. The film is not terrifying either, because it has a very middle class of suburban surroundings, no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian and suggests an incestuous kiss, but The Hamiltons is low on the scale of exploitation and there is not much for the audience of horror. Filed at Petaluma in California, this has a modern low budget on it. it's not bad, it's forgotten. The act of an unknown actor is nothing to write about at home and I can not say that I have ever felt anything for anyone. Hamiltonians committed a cardinal sin, which is both boring and boring, never recovering. Add to that the ultra-thin story, no upstairs, no nonsense and characters that do not let you throw and you have a movie that did not impress me.
