Imagine this pilot as "Havaii Five-O Lite". Set in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure crime drama, many scenes include boats and palm trees, polyester fabrics and colorful shirts ... even starring the Zulu actor in a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roi Thinnes should be a secret agent on the first line, and the support is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Havaii Five-O" (another KM product) already existed and worked for years. It has completely adequately met the market demand for criminal drama in Hawaii. Code Name: The diamond head may have been intended for the Hier for the H50 since the older series eventually decreased ... but appears as a superfluous, second gear. It's not bullshit, but it's completely done and does nothing good as an original. Here is some decent acting talent included. Thinnes is an old professional, and that role gives the best chance, and he is not bad. But Thinnes is good only as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spyware master named "Tree", and McShane has a tendency to be the most interesting actor in any scene in which he appears. Frances Ngiuen is rather exotic, but her stunning skin, opaque facial features, thick accent and wood delivery are not the things that make up the substance. The reliance on her to give "romantic interest" to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series that was directed at a white audience with Marsh Brady and Peggy Lee as our lover. Give her another 30 lbs and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and she can reduce. Zulu is, by the way, his usual delight in fragments, but he is not a person who can carry the traits. In addition, the action and dialogue are strictly in numbers, and nothing distinguishes them from any other Kuinn Martin production. Until this moment, the American TV audience saw much more KM production .... I think that "CN: DH" was one too much, and it sank without a trace. It was not a real mistake for the actors, and I hope they were away from it with a decent salary and another entry on their C.V. MST3000 has revived this for their treatment in their sixth season, and had a lot of good natural fun with it. It is worth looking in that version if you enjoy MST approach to movie yachts and lotteries, but I can not imagine anyone cares about this pilot for any other reason.
