Ha. no doubt, Tommy is evil here. I do not know why, but for some reason, young children in horror films tend to find themselves as small gains. and since they are children, they will not die. because they're boring ... well ... except for the asylum of terror. but that's a bit and far. Anyway on the movie. Can not find this movie on DVD? Sure you can! All you have to do is buy DVDs Chilling Classics! Not only do you get Metamorphosis on DVD for $ 15, but you also get 49 OTHER FILMS! which bagatelle! pff. OK. I ended up advertising these films. Let's just say this film is not worth 15 dollars for itself. So we have a chemist. Yes. because all scientists chemists look as handsome as this guy who plays Petra. He tries to find the serum to stop the body from falling. the college in which he is working to retract his project, so he is trying it alone. but because this is a film about horror, it squeezes it and begins an incredibly long transformation that lasts almost 3/4 of the film. To insert a film into a relationship with a woman who has a son. and she never married! Scandalous! But, of course, Tommy is one of the most devastating characters ... no. I'm taking it back. IT IS THE BEST IRON OF LIKE. Much worse than an old crippled man who wants to take Peter's work and malice over there while in hospital. So, even as an old blasphemer, you can still be a villain. So let's see that Peter begins to randomly kill some people in the visions he has until he realizes that he is the one who does it and just decides to kill everything on his way to returning to normal. However, it eventually de-evolves into the lizard. Yes, I know I do not ask. The place does not really make sense. And if you hope to get a really good income, you will not get it. This is not a HORRIBLE movie ... it's simply frustrating because of the lack of a good movie. pay off. if you already have a 50-film package and this is next on the list, you do not want to give up, but you're also not a great movie. Just sit down, relax and eat lots of snack food. Because this movie will not soon get you out of your skin.
