As others have mentioned, this film is similar to FLI (both versions) and less known SF-ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that these two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. Metamorphosis did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting story about a science fantasy in which the wrong people and wrong actors were in charge. The story follows the scientist dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man working on a genetic medicine for aging and death. When the university works for him to threaten to cut down on funds, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And oh, yes, watching a good doctor go through the process of becoming a lizard is a great joy. It's really so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classical: "What was that?" "Nightmare ... from the past!" Many of the criticisms I've read about this point show how stupid and funny the last five minutes of this movie are. I'll just go ahead and ruin it: a good doctor goes from turning it into a half-man, that the half-lizard thing is to be what looks like a man in a rejected Godzilla costume, when the police finally come down. In the last scene, a disgusting kid can be seen with a little lizard lizard for whom he claims he will never die, and the heroine of the movie, Salli Donnelli (Catherine Baranov), obviously decides that the little lizard is the ultimate incarnation of Dr. Houseman. The camera then gives us a large plan of the face of the lizard; That's, I suppose, the way the director has shown us that he is a lizard of the ZLO. Yes, it's stupid, but I laughed so that I can not complain. I watched this movie because it was part of the movie "Chilling Classics 50" I bought. I'm sure many of those who read this did the same thing, because package 50 is the only way to see this movie on a DVD. If you recently purchased a set in a box and have not yet watched this movie, it's really worth your time, even if I've ruined your end. It may be possible to find this film for free online.
