"Metamorphosis" has a small amount of cult value, simply because it was written and directed by George Istman. This Italian guy was more or less a personification of the male sleek and played in almost every spoof production of Joe D'Amat during the late 70s / early 80s. Would not it be interesting for the greed of the buyers of the Euro-cult to own the only film directed by the guy who was constantly walking around in the Erotic Nights of the Living Dead? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies in which he was playing, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is somehow disappointing in the above departments. On the screen is a handful of nasty murders, unpleasant monstrous effects, and naked female bodies (guest appearance of the sleazess-Queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly a talkative movie. Beautiful and eloquent Dr. Houseman is on the brink of scientific breakthroughs with his research on human DNA codes when suddenly the university in which he works works threatens to cancel his assets. He developed a theory to decode the genes and block the aging process in humans, but if he does not produce detailed reports soon, his research will be stopped. So, dr. Houseman does what every intelligent scientist would do and inject an unspecified serum into his veins. Needless to say (and as the title implies), he slowly turns into a murderous monster that actually gets older much faster! In other words, his research is sucked! As other reviewers have already mentioned, this film "lends" many ideas from "The Fli" by David Cronenberg? The drama romance is turned on - but it does not add any originality from its own. The big difference is that you constantly feel connected with the image of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fli", while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The aspect of rapid aging - syndrome also reminded me of the sadly underestimated gang of Ruggero Deodato's "Death Phantom", only the main character in the film inherited the disease and did not inflict it on himself. However, the physical collapse of the carriers is very similar in both films. Little fears or excitements are revealed here, rather than having a lot of bad acting, poor lighting, poor mounting and a completely retarded climax for lifting. Feel free to skip this.
