Pretty scary, but watchful and fun. It's the same old story (if you survived the '80s). Vietnamese veterinarians fight together as friends against the injustice in America. A-Team encounters a death wish, my favorite! Time passes, soldiers return home, and years later a friend is in trouble. No, wait - in fact, a friend is dead and his dad is in trouble. Our first hero, Joey, was killed by an extremely horrifying (super-gritty) meat mesar while trying to defend his dad's little store from a local "protective" gang despite the fact that the wheelchair is tied to war. Desperate for help, his father talks to Sarge, the leader of Joe's old Vietnam unit when the sergeant appeared at the funeral. Well, the creaky wheel gets fat, and the old gang is rising for the city. You can imagine most of the rest of the film. The only thing that fooled me is that Sarge keeps his people in planning, and how they really are good at what they do when they plan in advance. But Joei would not be put in a wheelchair wheelchair in Vietnam in the first place, if the unit was not screwing! Then when things go very well in the city as they fight gangs, they do it again. For no apparent reason, they totally circumvent their plan and try to gather the gang without everyone being present. Phh !!!! I raise my hands with disgust. Nonsense! There is also a suspicious moment when all the present members of the unit checked heroin thrown out of the gang to make sure it was real. EVERYONE is one of them. Hmm .... <br /> <br /> What will you do? Keep watching, I suppose. The movie is not too horrible to watch, but it's teasing. There are all climatic moments when nothing actually happens. The most dramatic things that happen are those at the beginning of the movie - explosives in Vietnam, Joe's battle for death, and the gang brutally hit an innocent teddy bear (poor Teddy!). I assume that my main beef with this movie is that I feel like that. Even confusing subgroups with "mysterious helpers" and their bizarre motives, were not enough to preserve it at the end. But one day maybe everything will be fine and they will make a continuation. Ha ha ha ha !!!
