If you have a bad day, or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your troubles. I do not think your role models are this movie. The film moves around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Vheeler (Seann Villiam Scott). Two promoters of juice, who go to schools promoting the product, telling kids to stay out of drugs, and more juice. But Danny has the worst week ever and is ruining his official car, and Vheeler is in the seat next to him. His soon-to-be ex-girlfriend Elizabeth Banks, a lawyer, managed to avoid getting them in jail, working hours in community, volunteering in a big brotherly place called Sturdi Vings led by Gaile (Jane Linch). Vheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a mouth like Chris Rock. Danni is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight, and fights as in the Middle Ages. But will this be good for Danny and Vheeler, or will they be better off in prison? Well, I will not be hitting the bush, this film was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, Ronnie's character, listening to those bad words that came out of a young man who was young, was shocking. Had he been a little older, he would not have much. I mean what his parents think when they reported him for this. Character Elizabeth Banks is so elusive, maybe I should have felt bad because of her character, but I did not feel anything, because she was boredly predictably portrayed as a woman who would play in these kinds of comedies. And Jane Linch, the worst of the worst. It brings the most powerful performance ever. Playing a former drug addict, who looks like he's still on drugs. Listening to giving this boring dialogue, I made me throw my head on the wall. Seann Villiam Scott again plays the second Stifler character, he should really try to separate and this film will not do it. And what Scott is trying to make more ridiculous, it prevents him from being ridiculous. Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, will stand out from the rest in the film, as he manages to provide a solid performance, although he laughs more, but is the most interesting character of the rest. Because Rudd does not exaggerate, and do not bother so much. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are visible. But the rest of the movie is so stupid that it sometimes gets back. But this becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these kind of comedies do not try anything new, no matter what, they do not risk it. Role models are an example of this.
