(Only smaller spoilers, except as indicated). Recently I enjoyed a large number of Spanish cinema; and a real Spanish cinema such as Almodovar, and Latin American cinema such as the Toro part, whose wonderful "Devil's spine" was set in the Civil War in Spain, is the best horror movie of the last decade. It's not a surprise, therefore, that this film is well made, it has behaved well and managed to maintain this distinctly different Spanish atmosphere. But it's also a nasty and meaningless movie as you hope you will not have to see. What is the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what caused an angry central character to embark on his killing, despite the fact that large amounts of narrative voice are drawn directly from his narcotic journal. In a routinely awkward introductory sequence, set over a decade earlier, we see the main character killing his girlfriend in the anger of jealousy and control-freak ("if no one can?"). Strangely enough, this may be one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no visible connection with his later killing, which seems completely different in motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We do not have a clue, although later we discover, as an absurd kind of subsequent thought, that he gained the right while in prison. In Britain, in some of our notorious "serial killers" or "sex" killer cases, a terrible question; What about the woman? Did she know, or suspect what was going on? This is the question that this film could set, and the woman is really starting to appear as one of the more intriguing characters. But banally, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, it's not." Even when a dramatic opportunity like this presents itself on a plate, the film still manages to mess it up. All that we really get is, in the end, sketched, is its amoral willingness to cash in after the event. Compare this with a terrible moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean?". sealing his fate and allowing us a horrible insight into the unimaginable sink of suppressed knowledge and horror. <br /> (The main spoiler in this paragraph). In the meantime, we should believe that the killer itself is a criminal master who comprehensively oversteps the police, thereby securing the shortest prison sentences in the psychiatric hospital before being released to be able to kill again. How exactly did it achieve? The plot becomes extremely vague at this time; something with the deliberate leaving of certain traces for the police; But how does all of this work or why, or how the judicial process in reality continues, remains a mystery. I do not really believe that serial killers are like this. The Silence of the Lamb can be a strip book, but ?? Lecter aside ?? gets his serial killers. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate; not presented here by a charming masters (closely related to the equally incredible killer of The Last Horror Movie, or even Man Bites Dog, although he does not seem to notice that it was a satire). This movie has little uncertainty, and bungles that little intrigue plot maybe generated. There is nothing useful to say about the motives of serial killers, either in general, or in the specific cultural milieu of Spain. This is nothing but a badly drawn excuse to show women a fairly misogynistic violence. And what's weird, what makes violence more repulsive is a certain failure of nerves, even as it is presented. The character of the soft core of what is actually shown only makes it more reflective. Only one explicit record, timed correctly, would be infinitely shocking, and would do everything else completely unnecessary, releasing more time for the film to break down the holes in complication and characterization. Instead, we get endless footage of young women vulnerable to a table in their beautiful, but mildly revealing underwear. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry I'm rude; I love horror films, and I can tolerate even the most extreme, even if I worry about my partner. But I think that anyone who thinks this film is good or interesting, even I would find myself. The purpose of the horror film is to scare you; This is just lascivious. In the mouth really leaves a very bad taste. I have to give this film more than one star just because it is competently performed, but it does not deserve to be morally and never should have been done.
