The disaster was set in the Mojave desert while Jim (Harri Hamlin) and Patti Henley (Susan Dei) and their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremei Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft) family friends traveling, stopping on the tour by the side of the road and ask for an old abandoned mining town on a map called Veaver. No one claims that he heard about him, but it is definitely there and the family decided to turn around to check and record. When they arrive, they photograph and look around, but when the time comes to leave their car, they will not start and they will have to spend the night there. As they look around, they see a video cassette that only plays to reveal a scene of a frightened woman who says that all her friends have disappeared, the next morning their car disappeared as things get very bad. What is Veaver's secret? Will Henlei ever go there live ... Written, co-executive producer and director Valter Clenhard I must say that the disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I've ever watched. For the first 85 minutes, it was a fairly good mysterious mix of thrillers and horror films, but then we were treated as one of the worst parts ever in the history of the film. The scenario suggests many different things, but it never explains or confirms, and I was sitting there sincerely intrigued by what is happening, from the family of mysterious disappearances, the four recent tombs, the thing in abandoned mines, supernatural sand storms, the sudden and unexplained disappearance of Ethan and his unexplained reappearance, sheriffs of vicious motives, a compass in a crazed car, a collapsed plane, citizens denouncing Veaver and possible side effects of a neutron bomb that fell nearby but were all thrown to the rose window and everything we know could have been completely separate random events. Everything came nicely and was set for a great discovery, but none came, and instead I was treated with the clearest, strange, surreal and extremely frustrating ending. If nothing else, the ending is in contrast to the larger part of what has passed and leaves the viewer more questions than the answer. It's almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but then they did not know what to do with them and just made an ending on the spot. I just felt that I had invested so much effort in watching a movie that could be quite slow at some moments without any reward, and in fact the ending was more like a tooth strike or a good salutation with two fingers! Director Clenhard here works sensibly, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and large, large desert locations give a good feeling of isolation. Well done, but what did they think about that ending? Nothing fits in, nothing makes sense and it's just a huge frustrating mess that after passing through this thing for almost an hour and a half leaves you confused and wanting to know more. Despite being a horror movie, there's no blood or blood, although there's one or two freaky moments here and there. The film is actually reminiscent of remake for large parts of The Hills Have Eies (2006), because that's what the movie was set to be before a bizarre ending that does not make the film close. Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and cinema. Set in America but recorded in South Australia. The acting is fine from a decent actor. Disappointment is a really strange movie, long time shapes to be a tiny little horror mysterious thriller, but never explains anything that is happening and a really surreal ending just casts more questions than answers. I really can not see someone making a head or tail of this, I really can not.
