The American family, on vacation in the west, reveals a strange city of ghosts in the middle of the desert. They do not know much that this ghost city used to be a nuclear bomb, and the deadly presence of them was haunted. I mostly love mysterious horror movies like this one. "Cube", Spielberg's "Duel" and "Birds" are great examples of non-responsive movies, but they still intrigue and want more. It is obvious that the writer / director of the "Disappointment", Valter Klönard, was trying to make exactly the kind of film, and whether he was successful or failed only by the viewer. I personally think he got there half way, then the film just sank. Actors are all kind of just "ho-hum". They are not particularly bad, but as an audience we never feel their fear and they react to situations in an unrealistic way. Is anyone else absolutely sick of the characters who just go to explore strange sounds?!?!? At least give them some excuse for that!?!? As for films made for TV, it is certain that this is above average. Director Clenhard should be praised for the fact that she actually milked the desert environment for everything she offered, and some of the settings were striking. There is a really cool scene in which two characters find an old nuclear test because the sand is completely melted to the glass as much as the eye could see. I wonder if that was real? There is no worse about being talked, and 'creatures' or what it is, hell, it's after these people are never shown, not to mention I never get the right clue about it what are they (Mutants, aliens, ghosts or ancient Indian ghosts? Oh, that really narrows us down!) or where they come from. And here's a lot of clichés. Why are city-nations in these films always really, really stupid? Why is there always an old guy who everyone thinks is crazy that turned out to be true? Why? Why? Why? How about the NEW scenario, folks! "Disappointment" is trying to be different and intelligent, but ultimately fails in that it is in many ways too familiar to horror fans in a direct video. Hey, I saw lots of movies above, and the disappearance is not bad, is it too much? Average. 4/10.
