The disappearance is due to a couple who take their family to a holiday in New Mexico and are in great trouble after they turned off the main highway to visit the city that was apparently abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Veaver at first glance looks harmless and has a tourist attraction until the family stays there overnight and begin to have a good reason to suspect that others have experienced their same situation with a fatal outcome. The Henleis watch a video diary Blair-Vitch-Project-escuire, which left the last victim of the city, which ironically shows the best performance of anyone in this film. Although Hamlin and Dei appear much better than supporting actors, their emotional effect seems to me "flat" throughout the film. The disadvantage is appealing to most films because there is great uncertainty and a good direction. However, the plot has unexpected and incredible turns that seem to make no sense. Worse still, there is really no understanding of what is happening in the film, making the bizarre end less tolerable. It seemed to me that filmmakers were so focused on creating a series of tense scenes that they rejected all elements of a good storytelling: plot development, a gradual explanation of topics and symbols that lead to a cohesive solution / outcome. For me, the hardest aspect of the film was that the first three quarters were spent on building tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot that suddenly removed as if we did not deserve an explanation: What was the significance of Indian symbols on the walls ? What happened to the first people of Veaver? What was the relationship with people at dinner? What did the Sheriff know? What did a missing boy find out, if anything? It is, I believe, a bad move, because it caused some bitterness. I have invested a lot of intelligence in the hypothesis of some convincing explanations for some of these twisted turns and strange events, only so that filmmakers simply end up without giving the answer to these things. These are some of the nice clips to complete the miniseries that will appear next week, but a frustrating and unsuccessful ending for a standalone movie.
