I was eagerly waiting for the first screening of this film since I was on Christmas Day on DVD. Last night I reserved a special slot for him, I sat down to watch him with his daughter (at age 17 and a student of film studies), of course with chocolate, eagerly awaiting. We love Jane Austin. After only two minutes we knew we were sunk. Unsampled camera and corners, general bad cinema, direction and wooden performances have left us indifferent and unhappy. Desperate, we watched. Anne, played by Salli Havkins, looked strange and for no special purpose, directly in the camera, on several occasions, breaking our "fantasy of the moment" and engaging us directly in the fashion of "you are looking." Poor Rupert Penry-Jones, who played captain Ventvort, did everything he could with the script and direction, blessed him. I hope that they paid him well, because at one point he was virtually drowned by a huge wave that seemed to break through the sea, soaking him and his co-actor. They almost went out to sea. Health and safety would have a day on the ground! Poor Rupert has left spilled sea water to deliver his line. I suppose there was not enough money in the kitten to shoot this scene. Anyone who makes any sense would not try it on such a day in the first place. Apart from Mr. Penri-Jones, Alice Krige gave the only convincing performance as Lady Russell, but her efforts were soon balanced. after that inconclusive presentation of Antony Head for the boring Sir Walter Elliot. According to the long-awaited end of the film, Captain Ventvorth seemed strangely admiring Anne by visiting every two seconds after he made great efforts to escape for most of the film. As if he had developed a disturbance of memory that led him to forget his reason for existence. On the contrary, Anne was running, hyper-venting, from pillow to post in search of a good captain who in the meantime managed to call almost the entire bath we were told in only three or four minutes without even getting tired. We did not experience any Anina charms passing through the screen. Indeed, we were left wondering what charismatic captain Ventvorth had ever seen in an ordinary, useless Anne, and why someone, no one, said evil, turned Sir Walter to close the heck up. Key kiss, which is otherwise our favorite boyfriend, was painfully drawn out. As they approached, Anne opened and closed her mouth, which on the screen had the effect of looking like a chewing gum before the lips eventually met. Evv! The most beautiful thing last night was chocolate and half-hearted exchange between mother and daughter about how bad the movie was. What a damage to destroy such a fascinating and interesting story, recorded in some of the best landscapes in England. We are sorry, Jane.
