This production never really fell for me. The plot is so cut out to be split and production is so short that if you do not read the novel or see a better adaptation (as in 1995 with Amanda Root), you will be a little lost because there is no time to develop a character. Salli Havkins liked me like Anne, but the rest of the actors were pretty short compared to what she was supposed to be. Mrs. Croft was too old, like Ana's elder sister Elizabeth. Mary pronounced everything in such a whisper that the general recklessness and selfishness of her character was lost. Much better was Marie Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and feeling of misuse is so well established that by the time Ventvorth suggests Anne to stay with injured Louis and Marie that she, like Louise's mother-in-law, should stay instead, you can 'Imagine someone less suitable for that. In this version, it could remain as it is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in production. Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look, but he made much better St. John Rivers (1995 Aire), probably because this character required less implied depth of feelings. I agree with the earlier comments on this gig: it looked more like trying to get rid of Anne than to do her favor. Likewise, the scene of an accident: it happens so quickly and with so little context, you wonder what it is about. Moving the speech that Ventvorth hears in a novel until the beginning of this production is a critical wrong step that only contributes to the unrelated nature of the script. My second problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes it all seemed like a scene from a CSI morgue - very blue. In other cases, the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to understand the scene very well, as when Anne visited her old school friend, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, should have been more or less paralyzed. Anne on the street tells her Mr. Elliot was a horrible character, it was such an offense that for a moment I could not think of who she was - I thought she was one of the muscular girls. All the girls were quite interchangeable. And the scene in the end ... in the era in which the power was at its peak, it's hard to imagine a gentle Anne Salli Havkins had all good ideas for the good Anne Elliot, but was completely hindered by a badly organized script and an overly shortened production.
