I love the stories of Jane Austen. I only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after I've seen this adaptation, I reach for the "Confirmation" from my book just to get meaning from the story, and because I refuse to believe Jane Austen could write such nonsense. For me, I thought that if you based a movie on Jane Austin's novel, you can not really make a mistake. It will be shown to be quite large by default. I was wrong. First of all, where are the characters you sympathize with and the like? You need to have at least one sympathetic character in order for the audience to put their emotions into them, and it did not bring it. Of course, I wanted Anne and Ventvorth to gather, but just because that's what you know is the purpose of the story, to meet. Instead, I had to resist the urge to throw my cup on the TV and keep watching it until the end. Anne was extremely annoying, and in the end, I really have no idea why Ventvorth was so hit because it seemed there was nothing there that would attract him. She was meek, mild, boring, socially inadequate and she came across like sheep following the instructions of others, not their own mind. This can still work for the main character, if you do it well. This was not good. Other characters only showed varying degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a full narcissistic personality disorder. Where Ms. Bennet had similar disadvantages in P & P, she was still fond, while Mari was more freaking. More disgusting than funny. Ventvorth was very handsome and looked like a decent guy. For the most part of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person and why he is in love with Anne, as surely, he is the guy who would like a person who is a little more ... alive? Wise in acting, not too much to say, while I reacted more to the characters that were shown, not to how many people were good / bad. Anthony Head was great, but as soon as I saw him, I expected nothing less. Also, the story was very confusing. Until the end of the movie, Elizabeth was not Anne's stepmother, but actually a sister (I'm not 100% on it yet). The whole story of Anne / Ventvorth was also somewhat unclear. They were together, but then they disagreed and both were bitter about it? How to? I've been asking this for a long time, and it seemed that the explanation had been rejected because somebody convinced her? But it was said in some kind of "po" so it was almost missed, as if it was somehow unimportant. How can this be irrelevant when it is the very essence of the story? There were many names, but there were no real feelings about the characters. For example, this Louisa, who is she? Friend? The family? What? It was not clear who different characters are and their mutual relationship. Lady Russell was a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Ventvorth were brothers and sisters, which seemed very unreal, because Mrs. Croft looked old enough to be his mother. but I did not really think about it because I was too busy shouting "GET ON VITH ITREI !!" on television, because Anna's lips trembled and trembled and trembled for what they felt like years before they actually met Ventworth. Some fluctuations exist, but only for a few seconds, not half a minute. Then there is the problem of camera operation. As a regular film watcher, you do not pay attention to angles and the like, unless you decide to do so. I did not decide to do it here, but I noticed them anyway. For me this means filmmakers do not do a good job. Many conversations were with extreme close-ups of the face, something that should only be used when there is a really important thing. In this adaptation, it was too used and therefore made no sense. Manually held feeling sometimes also did not function during the drama period. Working with the camera on the scene was also contemporary. (Not to mention the race itself.) This was just Austen's adaptation that I caught in the Austrian season. I wonder if it's worth watching "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or I just need to read the books and leave them on it. It's sad to say, this is an adaptation of Jane Austen I did not enjoy. Perhaps I will instead look at the 1995 version. The BBC is known for making beautiful Austen adaptations before, after all.
