I did not really want to watch this one. It looked like an old Raj Kanvar movie that I was tired of even before I began to watch it, because I do not consider it any closer to being central as a director. The only reason I took this was obviously Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the film. I did not even know what it was about, because I was sure it would be just a fairy tale. That's why I imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divia Bharti with significant support from Rishi Kapoor, which I thought would play her father or uncle. And to my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually a hero! He is the one who romans the young Divi! I was sad when I learned that Shahrukh has a small part of the essence, and only in the second part of this idiotic film. Just to repeat the question: why would 17 years - old wild game fall for 40 long-haired, chubby, swollen bitch like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapor should be ashamed to take this part; the only thing he did was to be washed. He gave birth to a girl who could logically be younger than her own daughter and make things worse - she behaves like a teenager in her forties. On top of that, just to become poorer, he plays a pop star ... To make things clearer, I have no problem with actors who are romantically ladies much younger than they are themselves. As long as they make a convincing couple, there should be no problem. In fact, the leading actors have always been thrown against young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborti-Madhuri Dikit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and made the pairing quite well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapor, I think he is a good actor, and his work in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but he is not looking at this movie like, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan today . It was so disappointing. Oh, and because every person was watching this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He expressed himself in a very small part that allowed him. The late Divia Bharti also promised his debut. If you want to watch this movie, just go to the other half. I would not do it personally.
