I am not one of those people who will come out of a movie based on original material and automatically say: "The book was better." I know better than to lower the value of the film just because it was not a true adaptation. There is a long-lasting process and many decisions regarding the making of a film that is sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / cameraman / producer and certainly beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect the film to be the same, word by word, as a book or game or video game, or Disneiland Ride, or anything else! The film should be judged according to its own standard and fit into society. Moreover, a successful film should be made because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs and, if it is based on the original material, its relevance must be reviewed and improved by the filmmakers. Films like There Vill Be Blood follow this paradigm, because while it was based on the novel written at the turn of the century, Oil!, It feels relevant for things like the war in Iraq and the energy problems of the Country of Film Origin, USA, it was and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original movie, benefits from the use of new technology and the care of animal rights that humans have. With these words, I simply do not understand why they even made efforts to make this movie? In addition to the brilliant performances, the Oscars Guaranteed and the money reimbursements of Shanley's directors / writers and royalties to be won, this film seems to be coming from nowhere. It just needed to stay like a game. The film (essentially the same as the show) does not say anything new about the unacceptable sexual crimes that have been committed and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. Do not say anything new or different from the original one. I can not compare this film with another film that came out at about the same time: Frost / Nikon, which was also based on the show. Frost / Nikon, while on Nikon's insults, seems relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was supposed to leave the office. The regret that Nikon had, as shown in the play / film, about the war and his presidency could equally easily reflect on Bush and his presidency. In that sense, Frost / Nikon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from a wider distribution through the film, as people talked and thought about the political status of a country house at that time. On the contrary, Suspension looked as if it was yesterday's news and apparently did not offer anything that the show did not have. Of course, the film is "good", the performances are remarkable, and the adaptation of the scenarios is appropriate, but then what? Why did not he just stay like a game? Why, in addition to marketing and financial reasons, to enter the film? The audience had nothing new to discuss the horrible topic.
