The Oscars season has arrived so it means a multitude of these deep, interesting, powerful movie ensembles that are everywhere in theaters in the hope of winning the audience and having the opportunity to earn Best Picture in a big show. Among them, this film is based on a very popular and praised performance. The original drama writer is actually a writer and director of film adaptation; which comes as a sword with two blades. On the one hand, who would better translate the play from the original writer? On the other hand, who better sees the mistakes and shortcomings of the performance and corrects them from the writer himself? Doubt combines great acting and an abundance of tension and tension; with a frustrating ending, unnecessary dialogue, questionable guidance and, of course, an inability to give meaningful answers. Among these high-caliber films, there is a trend of not answering all the questions, which must be stopped. Suspicion is like a joke without its impact line, like a book with Missing the last 20 pages, such as loss of reception while watching a quarter of a quarter of a football game, and as if you do not have 50 cents to continue to play an arcade game and to see what will happen next. Doubt, just like the previous most powerful image of frustration, no country for the elderly does not cease; it does not give us meaningful answers, nor does it give us enough to understand the end. Yes, that was intent, but this is not a test of humanity, it is a fall. I do not pay money to see an unfinished business, I pay money to see the beginning, the middle and the end, and I pray that I do not fall asleep in three acts. We are forced to become "writers" of the film by fulfilling ourselves the emptiness of what happened earlier and what will happen to the characters we saw screaming at each other. This little drama is about a nun (Meril Streep) who is very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seimour Hoffman) is sexually advancing towards the child who goes to church; the first African American boy in the Catholic church. The church is secretly torn up as to whether it really makes abominable sins behind us all. The action is getting thicker because some kids start behaving differently, which attracts the attention of the young teacher (Ami Adams). The story was set up immediately after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who has shaken the nation for a long time, and questioned their faith in humanity and each other. also a constantly appealing uncertainty that is slowly being built and never unfolding. Streep seems to be worthy of the Oscars in every role he is in, and it does not differ here, because its rigor and cold-blooded behavior brings fear to all the students and some of the staff in the church. Hoffman re-emerges as a priest, successfully linking suspicion to the charming personality and friendly aura. A seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to withdraw, especially when we assume that we love him and think at the same time; but Hofman climbs onto a plate against one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two are arguing, you can hear that the fireworks flew and you never saw one launched. But do not forget either Ami Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Legal Order) for their excellent work. The double casting ensemble is among the best in 2008. However, as already said, writing and directing ruins this film, especially when the third rank decreases. The questions arise, but there is no answer to them. Characters appear but do not provide any real improvement to the action. Children behave differently, but we never discover why. There are uncomfortable corners in the camera's operation and there is no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, the drama writer, had one previous film in his repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Regardless of whether it is pure arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck to see the excessive sequences of random conversation, a genuinely bored chatter that has not ended yet (it was a two-minute discussion about coffee and how much the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Bottom line: Lack of ending is a stupid trend that is just as irritating as the work of the camera in action movies. It does not matter that we have great talented acting actors, or decent cinema, whether it's a good story, or a good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that spray across the entire movie that lasts more than 100 minutes and it does not end yet! The translation from the film to the film is good and fairly accurate, because we have original lunatics behind the project, but he also made mistakes and stupid shuffling from play to film. This decade saw her share in films that could get a much higher score than me that they decided to add another few minutes of the shot and actually ended up: Sideways, Cast Avai, but Countri for Old Men \ t, Burn After Reading is a few examples . Nevsflash: finish your stinky film. Please, or at least provide a good amount of clues for us to easily fill the void (such as the Vall-E Depressive Background) instead of staring into space until the loans suddenly start rolling and there is a feeling of emptiness, confusion and mental pain. I beg for the beginning, the middle and the end! As a critic, I prefer my films to be full, not incomplete. The suspicion is incomplete, which makes it inconclusive. Someone has to break this stupid trend.
