Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) is sentenced to death and awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed specifically for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol escapes to a conveniently located escape flight and flies to the Earth (which is obviously nearby). There he faces a group of "teenagers" (who look like thirty) and a game guard (John Phillip Lav), who help him protect him from his worst nightmare ... the head hunter and the sniper of androids (or rather "ginoid"), Alienator. From the lid of the box, I was sure it would be a horrible movie. But, as it turned out to be terrible, it was also very fun (probably at least partly because I watched it with someone who was very intense). The director (Fred Olen Rai), who specializes in the production of more than a hundred low-quality films (most notably "Hollivood Chainsav Hookers"), does what works best and casts a plot that has only half the meaning and gives us the basic elements effects. Bonus: P.J. The soles appear (like "Tara"), apparently at a low point in their career. Of course, there are holes for curtains. Why in California there are peasants (supposedly the Los Angeles County, if I understood the administrator correctly). What about the sticky blouse of a cosmic woman? Why is there a hoop about how the captain of the ship is trying to conquer her heart by force when this story does not go anywhere? What is "Quadrant 5"? How does the chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short-circuit Android android, but land mines almost do nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, an American footballer with emphysema? And the Lund guy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Is the game you play with the captain right? Does this movie make sense? But the biggest mystery is the Android (or ginoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is the "alien"? Why does Darling Hannah look like "Blade Runner", just a lot bigger? Because, you see, if it's something cyborg, it's part of the human. But if it's an Android, it's all a machine. It was an Android, so there was no reason to look like a man. It could have looked like anything. However, the person who designed it made it the size of the "linebacker", with the hair of David Bovie and the leotard who showed me a little too much. If you want to make a female android, would not it be the purpose that it be seductive and to hurt your enemies? The mission was not executed. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a huge exception. If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" is still there, this film would be on a very short list of movies. It's necessary to attack. Behind the buttocks - nasty Alienator (sorry, Teagan, female weightlifters are rough) the movie is fine. There may not be many stories and maybe the characters are not very interesting. And maybe the reindeer scene is incredibly beautiful for no particular reason - what kind of robot use of the killer is with a deer? But all in all, I really liked the movie. I will not underestimate this to my friends, nor will I take me to a local video store to pick up the latest DVD copy (which I am sure is full of incredible special features - no). But I think watching this movie is well spent and I expect similar adventures in the future.
