A unique unusual musical comedy artificially trying to marry the rock 'n' roll explosion with the sensibility of the middle class on the suburban sitcom. The result is a disturbing dash of mish-mash that will not satisfy any audience that has gone to music, but at least they will keep their parents on the ban. Quick look at the promotional record on the Return of video releases should give some idea about the content. Tom Evell is a drunken agent, exaggerated with so little comic skills that you almost expect him to "hi, honey, I'm home!" Blurb sites are "He's funny in" The 7 Iear Itch. "It sounds almost as an excuse. What would be the second movie sold because of the fact that the leading player was good in something else?" It's so funny in "Seventh Year's Grief "... but he's the garbage in this." Mansfield, a beautiful girl with 50-inch property, is, unfortunately, a cheap monroe basement with her acting ability and the comic timing of the dragging. in combination with Evell's OTT double moves, this is a comedy partnership from Pakl. For its part, sales give us: "[Jai e Mansfield] whose obvious talents are the cause of many of the greatest laughs of the film! "As you can see, a film that is sold on the idea that its pencil has big breasts is not the most sophisticated thing. Most of this" humor "are people who literally fall to themselves, their glasses burst in Mansfield, etc. Only Freud's nightmare overflowing milk bottles throws doubt on their "U" certificate. For music page, most of the adenin players are selected. Would you really like to see Eddie Fontaine: "I love your eyes, I love your lips, they have a better taste than chips" in the song "Cool It, Babi"? Only inflammatory Little Richard comes out of the ILO, though he is forced to sing some of his songs that are more friendly to Dad in the 4-minute sequence. And how do all of them perform without one microphone? Satire attempts in the industry are broad and childish in their conception. Technically, the picture was quite advanced, with special effects (including ghosts like Julie London) and a part of the color (which now look straight and in fact, with its red, which bleeds and false body tones, reminds on a colored film). However, the direction is not remarkable, and the sound quality is also pretty bad. Perhaps everything comes down to being so old. At a time when men were still smoking on the screen, stupid cute children were playing adult stories and black servants only cooked and danced. (It's all happening here). However, some like that, the African Queen, Ben Hur and many, are much more than examples of movies from a period that can still be enjoyed today, so the argument "good at that time" does not really stand. In her heart, a girl can not help It is a cynical and sponsoring venture that does not follow a close inspection. 4/10. <br /> <br />
