I knew that 'Evening' was a movie for girls, so I expected to be bored. Evil teasing at IMDb said it was a "chicken", but your companion would survive. Survive? Yes. I'm still here, but when the two of us left, we were stunned when we found out that it took only two hours - it seemed to be a lot longer than that! I suppose it should be exciting or fascinating for Yankees, because it's about rich people living on the beach - well, along the beach, in a house with a wide veranda and lawn, but without a visible lawnmower. If you are impressed by such things, it can look like a pretty short film. There is a Monti Pithon movie about a knight who simply will not die. He ends the vigor (why Jenkins add the third style to this word, I'm wondering) - the torso on the road still screams threats to his enemy. This film is also about some kind of living dead. Vanessa Redgrave (inadequate name for the tomb depicted here) continues and dies while she has inadequate guilt. She is not worried about being a bimbo wide-eyed but imagining herself as a killer. Obviously, since the movie is a girl, there is a guy who should be a g. Darcy / Heathcliff character. I am not a wolf, so I can not claim to be a good judge of such things, but a dull servant drawn out for this role seems to have only the title of a servant in his favor. He's the bloodless boss. As you can tell, the main characters are not many cops, but they are smaller, they are incredibly worse. There is one guy whose only job is to react to the news that his girlfriend is pregger. Fair enough, but this is not the role of Hamlet - why is it so terrible? Forgetting that it was a movie about a girl, I thought he would be kicked out because every decent girl would say that his face-fungus did not flatter, but then I realized that she encouraged him to grow it. "Beard" because he looked up without him. I kept wondering who actors and actresses attached their ear shells or released them and noticed interesting parts of the landscape - if you pull back, look if you can see the filled head of the buffalo, just what you would expect in houses on the beach. Apart from mandatory weddings, there is only one part of the action. You would think that you would understand that correctly. Unfortunately, an accident in the event of an impact and a hit is done by a car that can not be there. When an accident is detected, actors are wandering about yelling for a character who does not know that he is nearby (but we do it as an audience). If they have no idea that the person is within a few miles from the place, then why are they wandering aimlessly at him? I suppose the director's excuse that this was supposed to be a semi-remembered sequence of dreams ... Another thing that attracted my attention was the copper-bottom container. I did not think that technology was made for it until the fifties.
