Made one year before the ILSA, SHE-VOLF SS, BLACKBERRY could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-VOLF PLANTATION and it probably inspired producers behind Nazi sexual epics to continue with their more notorious films because the stories are identical: wonderful, , the head of the strong (but stupid) blonde degrades and kills many people under their control, which all hate and want to be dead. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meier and David Friedman, the producer behind ILSA Film, are good friends and started their career together. Obviously, there is a link there. Looking at BLACKKS, I can not help but think that Russ Meier wanted to continue and do something other than his typical busty female epics because the KSKSKS films were furious in the mid-1970s, while Russ Meier films, though filled with nudity and kinkiness and violence , they were never even close to actual pornography. His films began to look positive next to Deep Throat and other hard-core porn blockbusters. Meier knew that he could not compete with such films, and BLACKKS was the end result of such a difficulty in his career. Apparently he wanted to break into a different unexplored territory. But BLACKSNAKE was bombarded by B.O. and Meier quickly returned to making VIKSEN's films that, even if they were not pornographic, were definitely more than any of his previous films. No wonder that BLACKKS was a BO failure. It's horrible. Trash-o-ram. It's bad. It's a quasi-camp capture in slavery, if you can imagine it. The end result is unsafe. For one minute, we are in the typical Mejer's territory: lush, playful and funny, and then the next minute, a super-serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is sadly wrong and watches this film in a true exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sleazy as the ILSA SHE VOLF OF SS and these types of films, so I imagine the fans of this film were disappointed by this, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this film either by fans of exploitation or by fans of Russ Meier. Meier blames the failure of BLACKBERRY because, and I quote: "There was not enough breast in it." Well, I'm sorry, Russ, but the movie is just bad, chest or without a breast. But it is right, however, about a small breast quota. Apart from Anouka and maid, actors are male. Meier replaces his usual full-ass group with a bunch of pieces of massive furnaces, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and great Darth (Darth Vader) Provse. And with Anouskin's right hand, portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man who enjoys the power of men, he can only wonder what Meier really tried to do here. BLACKKSAKE is played by David Varbeck, who craves Anouska and his right hand. Poor David. It looks completely confused with the whole experience. It seemed to be entertaining when filming a movie, but it is clearly seen that sometimes there is no idea what's happening. And there's Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the seventies, not for the 1870s. With her make-up and hair, she looks like a typical Brit-pin-up baby from the 1970s, but a transition to the century of dominatrix. And her dressing room is hilarious. At one point, she actually unzips her leather boots! I did not know that these days they had a zipper. But the character she plays is, by itself, truly humiliating (not for words). She is just a code for the object of lust and despair of every man (and those women) on the island. For example, one evening, when David and Anouska were dressed, her boring slave driver came into the room, uncovered David and tried to rape her, trembling tightly. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anouk and the two behave as if nothing had happened. It's totally funny. Under any circumstance, that her character was a real person, Anouska would slay the slave driver senseless and kick him off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that a woman keeps him on his plantation after he tried to rape her, stretching the small story and gullibility of the characters to the maximum. Unusual details such as this, and the thoroughly stunning angle of use of BLACKKS is an unusually unpleasant but watched movie. It can be viewed in a train wreck sort. I just could not help but watch a movie for utterly unjustified aspects of everything (an excellent cinematic variety makes viewing easier). So this is an exploitative film, I suppose it was able to do what it was supposed to do. But BLACKKS is mainly for Russisher's complete set.
