Yes, talk about bad sequences. Rick Moranis plays in this terrible third continuation of the once-fun and entertaining "Honey and Shrunk the Kids". The concept essentially plays the same way as the first film, but with adults, instead of decreasing children, and the inner house instead of the garden that the universe needs to explore. If you think this sounds interesting, think again. The film is boring at best, in the worst case of embarrassment. First of all, the continuity of the series is completely washed in the toilet. The only remaining actor of the first film is obviously Rick Moranis. The actor who plays his wife has changed, the actors who play the children have changed, those who played the neighbors have changed ... call. They are trying to make us believe that this is the same family, but the results are the most interesting. Second, the story is re-examining the first, with no originality. A few jokes (and scarcely have them) and the dangerous situations shown in the movie have been copied directly from "Honei and Shrunk the Kids". Third problem, special effects. I'm sure this is done on a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, much worse than those that appear in the rest of the series. You should admire these small numbers that explore a huge home, but you'll probably end up in most cases. The fourth problem, to locate the action in the home is just boring. There are only a few things going on, and when they happen, they are not at all exciting at all. The first film was fun because the children were dealing with nature, grass and bugs that live in it. In this, adults (who appear to be rather boring, compared to children) are dealing with dust, cockroaches and cockroaches. It's disgusting. I do not know why the idea of ​​publishing such a banal sequel for a dying series attracted Disney's executives, perhaps because they had to cash in without spending five minutes thinking about something new. I warn you: leave this tricky waste in cash where it should remain: put dust on the shelves of the store.
