At a time when the constitution and the principles on which the United States is founded is trampled under the administration that desperately wants to divert attention from its internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, the human rights and sovereignty of foreigners are intensely discarded, a thriller about taking the state of illegal activity far surpassing terrorists who oppose it may seem appropriate. However, if you want to watch a movie about it, try Ed Zvick, because NADA is one of the most beautiful 'political' trillers ever recorded. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director recorded a theme that looks totally untrained and impresses his ignorance in almost every box. His terrorists are a wild incredible group of stereotypes - Fabio Tests dresses as if he was auditioning for MAD Magazine 'Spi vs. Spi 'strip, Michel Duchaussoi behaves as absurd KIDS IN THE HALL, sent by helper sociologist Mariangela Melato, a middle-class cardboard revolutionary who acts on every unconvincing turn as if they wanted to be caught. Corrupt authorities are getting a little better, but they continue to picture incredibly wide moves. It's possible to make a smart movie about stupid people (SUCCESS), but this stupid movie about stupid people was made by people who think they are intellectuals who are talking to the masses. It is true that Tests, Duchaussoi and Melato have been transformed with Jim Varney, Johnny Knokville, and Shannon Tveedo, the result would actually be to increase the intellectual content of the film, not to reduce it. Chabrol could only get out of his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so incompetent (scenes of fighting would embarrass the kindergarten department, while shooting a kidnapping is incompetent from the abduction itself) and his inability to get his acting with at least some approaching a recognizable human behavior so obvious that it's actually embarrassing to watch (especially it must be mentioned here Duchaussoi: so very good at Chabrol's KUE LA BETE MUERE, he is astoundingly bad in the show is so far aboverati is). Chabrol made some great movies, but you would never get hit by this amateur riot - the newcomer in his work would never want to see another of his films after that, which would be a great disgrace. A completely nasty, and sad waste of potentially interesting material. One in ten stars - and this is very generous.
