I watched several episodes of this show and found that some of the elements are interesting, given the medical facts that can be learned. But this is completely surpassed and destroyed by the endless immoral relations of the characters of the show. Everyone seems to have slept with everyone, even during working hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There seems to be no solid, lasting marriage or relationship in the whole show - all are broken and hunted - hardly it is a true reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and this is truly total. Then we are presented with endless moral 'dilemmas' and they are generally solved in such a way that they degrade everyone. who disagrees with all-knowing degenerate leadership and private practice staff. For example, in one of the latest episodes, a rare situation with a baby born with an insecure birth is presented, and Addison absolutely refuses to carry out the operation because we should let the baby decide later on about her gender. Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. And I think that anybody who opts abortion would be offended by the way the show is treated by pro-lifers. Addison commented that no one was allowed to have an opinion on this issue, and only one black person got the dignity of opposing abortion for moral reasons. It is generally believed that if you oppose abortion, you are a freak - it's hardly a popular opinion in the US. The two main characters in the show insist that they aborted when they were younger and did not apologize or complain, despite the fact that research has shown that women can undergo intense depression. Moreover, a young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then thanks to the staff at the exit and someone talks about how they helped this young person and it was like something rejoice. Planned parenting. All in all, this is a low-cost performance that does not have much future, unless it decides to present more real relationships, and not just completely incredible soap relationships and far reaching medical situations throughout the day. entire show.
