The story of one woman (Ann) on her bed, her two daughters (Nina and Constanta) and her thoughts about her past. Flashback's about the weekend in which Ann is young at the wedding of her friend Lila. At the wedding he meets Harris, who will influence her for the rest of her life. Through all the ups and downs of his professional and family life he is remembered as his true love. Her daughter Constance is older, "more responsible," the mother of two children and has things together. Nina jumps from boyfriend to work and is not sure of her direction in life. First of all, good. Movie details in the movie are great. Dresses, hair, cars, houses, etc. They really put you in another time and place. And in the movie there is a very good acting. Vanessa Redgrave is pretty good at showing the main character and her fragile mental state as her life ends. Claire Today is beautiful and works great as a major character when she was young (and she is an exceptional singer). Hugh Danny brought a lot of life to the character of Lil's brother Buddy. Now for the bad, which is unfortunately everything else. Things constantly distort the story as it unfolds for us. Chemistry between young Ann and Buddy is great. They are having fun and playing. Then ... you should believe that she does not like more than friends and that she's just bothered. And I thought the whole thing, "maybe it's gay," is an unusual thing and it does not serve purpose. Then we have Harris. The character looks wooden and creepy. If this was the second genre, he would know that Harris was a serial killer from the beginning. It's amazing to think that all these girls loved him so much (but they show other guys how pretty they are to help him). And the biggest problem of all. Why is Ann and Harris not joining? They fall to each other. They have a great night of sex in the old dirty gardens, they go home to find out about Buddy's tragic end and then ... Nothing. a few years later, everything was blurred around me and I could not help but wonder why. WHY? The film does not let you know why they were forced to marry other people, so I felt uncomfortable. Part of the story in the present is quite boring. Clicks a good daughter and clits a bad daughter. Nina is changing during the film, but I'm not sure why. I'm not sure what he is convinced to change his life. There is a "touching" scene in which daughters mate, which coincides with the old Enom who dreams of hitting butterflies. It's really poor and unpleasant. "No mistakes," Ann tells us. The statement is not true with the story. And it does not sound true after watching the movie and wished they did not spend the talent of such good actors.
