After watching this movie, I almost feel like I've lost 2 hours of my life, but I guess everything's all good: If I rated it like any other movie, you can only grab it 1 or 2 peaks, but if you consider it as low budget ind. film, it can get 3 or 4. It's a movie that should be 'complete' and without too long passage of boredom or a waste of time. This film is not. But I suppose that there are many independent films about showing film skills, and given this, this film has a few momentous moments. If I want to comment on what directors should take with them into their next project, I guess that distorted sound effects had some quality. They also manage to build some characters, but this leads me to what should be left out in my next project, because the character building is taking too long, because it is generally irrelevant to the film plot. Likewise, there should not be a long time span dedicated to walks in the next project - what is the point? I guess this film is trying to be a little bit of everything (building characters, uncertainties and complications) and ending up like nothing (not much). This movie is trying too hard and too hard, and I suppose it should shrink to a short film. I easily managed to find an hour's walk or a meaningless dialogue to get out of the movie. In this film, too trivial things happen. The story should be more rational. I know that there should be a mystery in this film, but a little surprise that the killer is not a mystery. The story behind the "mystery" does not receive almost any attention during the film, which leaves the final "point" as a quick unsatisfactory ending. So I would like to say that this movie was a good try, but I can not. I hope that the directors will learn from their mistakes, and that they will produce a better product for the next time. If you do not have the interest in learning a club from low budget movies, there's no need to look at this - you do not even understand why everyone thinks it's bad. As others have stated that I am pretty sure that many of the ten films that are given to this movie are people who are somehow involved in the movie. This film could not get "10" judging from any distant objective point of view.
