THE CHOKE (aka AKS in the UK) is a slasher produced allegedly as a DVD movie. I say "supposedly" because the title of the movie does not have "V" in brackets to indicate that it was made for a DVD movie (although it has the appearance of one). The plot is simple ?? the band holds a gig in the former meat processing plant and is killed one by one. I think most would agree that the movie will never be a masterpiece, but this does not justify the mistakes. here. Even direct DVD movies, such as MASAKR BACHELOR PARTI (which has a very low IMDb rating), have many reckless qualities and are sometimes considered one of the so-called "so bad, good" movies. However, THE CHOKE is far from being a serious slasher (such as HALLOVEEN) or that the movie is "so bad it's good" (such as THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE). The film starts well with the figure killed by drilling. The effect on blood was very sorghum, but understandable given the very low budget. But, furthermore, it's downhill. There are so many mistakes in CHOKE that I could spend all day talking about them. But, there are several obvious ones, and I will enter them. The aforementioned gig that the band holds looks to start with about 50 people present, but after the music stops, it seems that there is only about 8 people left (and yet everyone should be locked in!) . The characters in this movie are not at all cute. Most of the band members are aggressive stupid morons or they are very weird. Nobody cares about what is happening to them, and even their alleged friends forget about them when they are sent. The highlight of the film is the presence of a homeless person who seems to consider a meat processing factory as a kind of church (seriously!). He pronounces some really funny lines without obvious reason. But unfortunately, even his presence can not save the film. It has too many scenes of people walking around and talking without any characterization. About 65 minutes of film is spent watching the characters talking. The characters disappear for a long time without explanation. Like in other films such as CROCODILE and GRIM VEEKEND, the characters spend considerable time cursing each other aggressively without any provocation. There are many extreme outbursts (mostly male characters) and one almost leads to full fighting. Actually, the format can be said to go like this: the characters walk around - the murder takes place - the characters walk around - the killing is happening. You got an idea. Dialogue is terrible and seems to be speaking several lines without using f-words. Maybe this should have been ridiculous, but it just turns out sad. More importantly, we've all seen this a thousand times before (usually a much greater effect). The film is completely devoid of any uncertainty. Dead bodies only serve as a sign that the characters are in danger. The maniac runs around, and the characters act like total morons. They are a bit trying to get out of the factory or find a weapon they can protect. And most of the time, they do not even pretend to be scared. In the same direction as the MASS DRIVE, the killer can not be seen at the time when the killings were committed (with the exception of the final murder when the identity of the killer is discovered). It seems that by chance the weapon is killing the victim from nowhere. No one was seen at the discretion of the characters at any time. In the DRIVE-IN MASSACRE, this made the movie funny (unintentionally of course), but this is not ridiculous at all here. And, like another reviewer pointed out, the soundtrack includes music that is very bad, even for those who like punk rock. The additions look embarrassing as they play. The result (in the end, there is no music at the beginning!) It consists of a group of Sugarbabe vannabes singing a very bad song that is not entirely related to the movie. Do not misunderstand the points in this review. This reviewer likes bad films (such as THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE and MASSACRE BACHELOR PARTI) as well as classics (such as HALLOVEEN and Friday 13). But, THE CHOKE seems to be trying too hard to fit into one of these categories, and it does not fit into one. Even when movies with direct DVDs go, this is a bad effort. In a positive way, the film contains some pretty good murder scenes. But when surviving characters do not grasp the situation seriously, these scenes quickly lose weight because the intensity they provide disappears in oblivion. The fans of the traditional B-film slasher of the 1980s should take steps to avoid this film. And fans of classics like HALLOVEEN and Friday 13th century should do everything in their power to avoid it!
