Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke and prepares for a concert at a nightclub called 'Club 905' owned by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). The lead singer Dilan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell other band members, bassist Brooke Bailei and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson), that both are themselves and their services will no longer be. Once in the club Dilan is preparing, but Mike does not appear and the concert turns into a catastrophe. Then just as the band thinks things can not be worse, they find a dead body in the basement, that all the doors are locked so they can not get out and can not believe anyone until the mysterious killer begins to defend them off by one by one ... < br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas Choc is a standard pouch for teenagers that really does not have anything to do with it. The scenarios of Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lovber (not too many horror films written by ladies ...) have a surprisingly good character in it and some wonderful dialogue, but while much better than a much more modern recording on a horror type of camcorder in that sense it's so slow and it's boring that even a few interesting characters can not come close to preserving it. As you would expect to use all the usual teenage clichés, from the isolated location from which the victims can not escape, actors of fine teens who continue to separate, a few murders and a really bad screwdriver trying to mimic something like Scream (1996) and Be surprised, but it does not make much sense when logically thinking about it (they could not do some of the things they needed) and make things worse. the killer was pretty early and although I do not want to boast that I was on the spot. There is also the fact that the creators of Chok felt that the audience would be entertained by showing the endless ones (it feels good while watching), the scenes of teenagers walking on dark corridors and doing nothing special, I'm sorry, but there are only so many such scenes that I can to stand before they become annoying. The number of killers is low; first, everyone decides to stick together (a good idea), but then they all randomly decide to separate and go in different ways (the bad idea when the killer is at large), the pace is lethargic, scenes of killing are unthinkable and on top of everything is a bad ending. The director of Mas is fine, the movie seems to be in order mostly though there are strange occasions in which he uses some boring message techniques for editing productions such as slow recording or skipping frames. The blood vessel level is not exactly the beginning, there is spray blood, a type with a hole in the chest, several dead bodies, and someone is stuffed on some metal pillars. Most murders occur on the screen with an ax, killing in the end a good example of a movie that actually does not show anything. Since the film is about a rock band, there's a pretty oriented soundtrack with some really terrible, terrible rock songs that are used on it. I'm sorry for rock fans, but for my ears this shit is just noise pollution. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere, and the lack of blood and blood is unforgivable when the rest of the movie is so bad. With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000, Choke is well made with reasonable production value, it looks cheap to be safe, but not as cheap as watching movies with horror. Killed in a place called Spokane in Washington. The acting is one of the strongest films, because it's generally pretty good everywhere, I do not think anyone will win the Oscars, but it's not half bad. Choke is a totally routine Scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest curtain endings ever and a criminal lack of blood, blood, violence, nudity, and dead bodies. I mean, if a slasher has no sex or blood, what is the point? These are the only things worth watching an average slasher, right?
