I went to see "Evening" for actors. I went to see Norman's Room for that reason - this film offer by Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and also by Meril Streep - and she liked it every minute. The same goes for the Notebook, though it was easy. I felt that anything that would allow Vanessa Redgrave, Meril Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close to be the least good. Instead, sometimes I found that even the greatest actors can not overcome banal, simplified, and in one case - really offensive material. Now I have no problem with the way in which the film is structured. In fact, I enjoy movies that from time to time go back and forth to tell the story ... as long as one era illuminates the other and the verses. But while Vanessa's character on the deathbed and memories of the past event felt she was "a mistake", sometimes she whispered a part that actually shows what this "mistake from the past" did not do anything to clarify the matter. In fact, it seems to be meaningless in the dumbest "boy who knows a girl, a girl, a girl, loses the boy" and in the most incredible possible way, cliché, wrong. And from here are the spoilers, so keep this in mind if you continue to read. First of all, Claire Today was brutally wrong. Not only did she not even resemble Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, she is not even close to pieces when it comes to acting. Do not misunderstand me, it can be good in the right way - just not this one. And Patrick Wilson was wrong, although he has actors who almost pulled him out. It would be better suited to what Hugh Danny was playing - the rich confused VASP - not subject to sexual attraction to everyone; He's a bit over VASP for that. Hugh Danny? One note - "I'm tortured drunk and wait until you find out why." And "why" (I'm a wardrobe in a sexually suppressed world, so I have to drink and be in front of everyone I know) was so offensive to me and the way it died (as you knew it would, because it was the only the thing that can happen to the gay in the fifties) so ridiculous, wrong and wrong, I almost threw the candy on the screen. As for the modern part between Tony Collette and her sister, her fear of devotion, her jealousy towards her "perfect life", her sister is wondering if she made the right choice, her pregnancy and her too interesting a boy (which may have been more interesting) and significant if he played Patrick Vilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach might have been more interesting Harris, given his dreamy eyes - in any case, it was all scattered in the 70s and 80s -ih. And at much greater depth. Do we really need to re-introduce it, and all as if it's fresh and important? Finally, Mary Streep does not even appear until the last ten minutes of the film, all in the old makeup that hides many of her facial expressions. She is still good, but only because Meril, and Meril can find a way to pull even the dumbest dialogue under the most difficult makeup. So, this movie has every cliché in a "really meaningful message" book on the movie, and it adds a few that really did not have any work, again. At two o'clock, and coated with "Lifetime Movie-of-the-Century" music that guarantees you will break through, this is a complete failure in "significant" and "cinematic" aspects. I give "3" just for Meril and Vanessa. Now, if all you need is from your twelve movies, then put my comments on the "Evenings" aside and have time to live. But if you want a truly meaningful experience by big actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense it brings, rent "Norman's room" and find out what's really a big deal.
