There's a good movie here, but this is not it. The basic idea is good: to explore the moral questions that would confront a group of young survivors of the apocalypse. But logic is so confused it is impossible to get involved. For example, our four heroes are (understandably) paranoid about the capture of a mysterious infection that has been destroyed practically by the entire human race. However, they sometimes wear surgical masks, not others. Sometimes they are fanatic to wipe out any areas that touch the infected person. In other cases, they seem completely worried. What's worse, after spending a few weeks or months in this new world of killing or killing, these people are constantly behaving like total heaven. They do not try to collect appropriate equipment or food. It will forever remain without fuel in the middle of nothing. They do not take elemental precautions when meeting with strangers. And after hitting through the corpses of the corpses of the entire human race, they are nasty as sheltered debaters. You have to keep wondering how they could survive for so long ... and even if they were, why would anyone want to film a movie about them. So, when these twoebs stop trying to tackle the moral dimension of their actions, it is impossible to seriously grasp their quest for the soul. Their actions would first have to make some minimal sense. Above all, we have to fight Chris Pine's dubious acting skills. His portrayal of the arrogant young James T Kirk might have seemed insightful when viewed in isolation. But in Carrier he plays precisely on the same note: arrogant and stupid. It is impossible to doubt that this is his entire dramatic range. With the positive side, the movie * looks great. It has a sharp, saturated look that really fits the southwestern US location. But it can not save genuinely weak writings nor thin (and boring) characters. Even if you are a fan of the genre at the end of the world, you should save yourself the Carrier's agonizing vision.
