"Carriers" monitors the exploits of two guys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "warrior" on a hood that descends down the highway with surfboard tops connected to the top of the car. Brian (Chris Pine from Star Trek) drives and his girlfriend Bobbi (Piper Perabo from Coiote Ugli) has a shotgun, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Tailor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly Girl - Kate (Emili VanCamp of "Ring 2") occupies the back seat. This quartet of twenty-four characters lives in a nightmare. Obviously, a viral pandemic - which directors and co-writers Alek Pastor and David Pastor absolutely do not say anything - ruined America. Of course, the lack of exposure shaves at least fifteen minutes to slow down this cynical melodrama of how people degenerate into crisis and become their worst enemies. This deadly virus gives you shingles and then you bleed and dies. Most of them run around wearing those white masks fastened to the nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. Initially, the four meet a desperate father, Frank (Kristofer Meloni of Runaway Bride), and his sweet daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of the Earth of the Lost) blocking the highway with their SUV. Bryan turns around Frank when he tries to transfer them, but in this process, the oil pan in Mercedes breaks and ends on foot. Rebecca, they were riding with Frank after sealing Jodie in the back of the SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth, and she is covered with blood. Frank heard that doctors were treating sick people at the hospital and they were going to him. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The doctor in the hospital gives the last children some Kool-Aid who will throw them out of their misery. Treatment did not improve their condition. All the others in the city are dead. Kate unsuccessfully tries to get a dial tone on each phone. Frank understands that there is no hope for his daughter, and he allows the heroic quartet to adjust his SUV and fly. cute people who degenerate into killer killers to protect themselves. They reach the village club and have fun on the golf course while four more do not appear in suits and masks with shotguns. Unbelievably, our protagonists are able to escape without shooting, but Brian is afraid when he almost fell into the water with a floating corpse. Finally they discover that one of them is infected. Later, after their gas had disappeared, Brian blocked a motorway like Frank in the beginning. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving a car. Danny is lying that his pregnant wife is ready to be born and that he needs their help. Brian pays attention to the wind and hits the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help. Brian caught the bullet in the passenger's leg, but he killed her. No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie that can laugh or laugh, because humor practically does not exist. By the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes turned into villains who only care about themselves and their state. Chris Pine leaves the impression that Brian loves fun, and his energetic performance is the only reason for curbing this hockey, while the only other famous actress, Piper Perabo, is pushed into the unimportant role of the girl. Like Bobbi, she makes a tragic mistake showing compassion for a dying girl and pays a terrible price. This is proof that Pineva is a performance that he can change his character to the extent that he is placed before others. In essence, Pine has the only role that gives him the opportunity to take eighty of the lucky guy to his heart. The two directors are Spanish brothers, and they never allowed the flag. Since there is no visible relief, "Carriers" are sinking into predictability. "Irreversible" cameraman Benoit Debie is doing a fantastic job with his wide screen and as uncomfortable as this trip becomes, Debie seems to be like a dynamic movie. In addition to the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word, "carriers" suffer because it is so terribly cynical. The scene when a German shepherd attacked Danny proves the greatest uncertainty, but even that could have been improved. Unfortunately, brothers' pastors are not afraid of tension or tension. After disappearing, you really do not care what happens to anyone.
