This implacable mess may have put a kibble on Mr. Branga's career as a Shakespeare adapters for cinema. (Released 4 years ago, since then it's not about adaptation.) I just finished watching the cable - Holy God, that's terrible. I agree with the feeling of the reviewer who said that re-examining something so obviously and unfortunately a terrible is an unsuitable act that appears perverse. In view of this, I will take the risk, just because * Love's Labor 's Lost * is the perfect reward for those who in the past overestimated Mr. Branagh's overhead capabilities. Branag has always been a pretty bad director: literally literally; star; indescribably rude to her fellow actors (she likes her American stars, but she loves more, making her fucking sure she gets all good lines). In this direction, the sad fact remains that * The Love Work The Lost * is barely worse than the endless, horrible, inflatable * Hamlet of 1996. In fact, this movie may be more desirable, just because it's around 1/3 length. Branagh decided it would be a good idea to update this bad early work by Shakespeare in mile Cole Porter, George Gershwin, Fred Astaire, iada iada. So he puts things in 1939, leaves about eight lines of text untouched in favor of unexpected interpretations of the standards of the thirties (wait for you to see how actors are lifted up to the ceiling towards the ceiling during "I am in the sky"), and cast actors who are not known for their dance or singing (including yourself). The result of the disaster is so unreal that someone was stunned that they simply did not call it a terrible stopover the whole thing after seeing the first daily newspapers. I do not even blame the actors. To paraphrase Hamlet, "The scenario is the thing!" None of them could be in this haj-podge: the famous RSC alumni are not better than Alice Silverstone. Who could act in this thing? Branag's first mistake was that he thought that * Love's Labor's Lost * is a play that's worth shooting. Believe me, it's not. It is an anomaly in the Bard's canon, written explicitly for an educated hall of the hall - is NOT the common audience for which he wrote. So, there are many precious (and TEDIOUS!) Words-games, references to contemporary scholastic stupidity, parody of Lily's * Eufhues *. . . In other words, it's hardly a type of material that would appeal to a wide audience. Hell, it does not attract an audience that is already predetermined for Shakespeare's comedy. Performance can not be performed without drastic text cutting and desperate "updates" with any trick that comes in. What leads to the question, why be tormented? Branag's second mistake was that Shakespeare's pie cream could be served with the sidebar of Gershwin's marmalade. Obviously, the idea, or hopes, was to make unrepeatable Elizabethan exercises tasty for the modern audience by administering the nostalgic American pop culture in their throats at the same time. But again, this raises the question: Why torment? <br /> <br />
