SPOILERS Too often Hollywood Shakespeare's adaptation of the fun piece of the film. They are beautifully shot and well-written. Films, including Branag's "Henri V" and 1993 "Much nothing about nothing" are powerful parts. Looking at the "Lost Work of Love", this is a great disappointment because of the expectation of such a terrible scum. Unfortunately, "Love's Labor's Lost" is terrible! King of Navarre (Alessandro Nivola) and his friends left the drink, and women focused on their studies for three years. However, the plans begin to dissolve when the enigmatic French princess (Alicia Silverstone) and her escort arrive. Soon, love in the air and philosophy is removed from the mind of the Prince. From the very beginning, you realize that this film is not exactly Shakespeare. Cleverly moved to the 1930s musical by Ken Branagh, the plot is still there and the script remains, but is now sacrificed to the disadvantage of poor musical taste. Classics like "The Vai Iou Look Tonight", "Let's face music and dance", "I'm in the sky" were destroyed by poor singing and a strong feeling that they simply do not belong here. In addition to poor singing, we are treated with an increasing number of accidental appearances of regular stars. Ken Branagh and friends could enjoy filming this film, but they provide us with a collection of roles that turn into a stomach. The main eight actors (four men and four women) are all equally terrible, and the only positive in their name is the enormous improvement of the truly terrible Timothy Spall. In fact, only one individual leaves a movie worthy of every compliment and it's consistently magnificent Nathan Lane. Lane over the years has proven to be a genius in comedy and in this function once again adds humor to the joker Costard. There is not much to say. "Lost's Love's Labor" deserves mild praise for Branag's original story of the old story. Unfortunately, this is the place where the positive ends. Poor acting, performing, singing and constructing, "Lost Labor" is perhaps the weakest Shakespeare's adaptation for the last forty years. It should be avoided as a plague and should never be made. Branagh's poor, disappointing choice and we hope his next effort will be better.
