About the late seventies, animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the exit of his company, Disnei mixed, moved from Mouse House to his studio. His first production, TAJNA NIMHA, was a great feature that is still well maintained today. They followed AN American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, which were made under the influence of Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although none of these two films had the darkest attraction of NIMH, they are still very charming, comfortable for children and adults. But, soon, Don Bluth had his first big confusion with ALL BRAKES BROUGHT ON THE SKY; Critics were particularly rude to this movie, and things were not helped by the fact that it was opened with Disney's Little Mormé. Since the film has such a friendly sound name, you could expect ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN to be a pleasant family dinner. Instead, Bluth offers a surprisingly dark story of gambling, fraud, crime, harassment and murder. It's not a problem for an animated film by word, but it raises the question whether the film is intended for children. On the other hand, it's hard to say whether adults will find much to enjoy in ALL BRAIDS BEFORE THE NEXT. In short, it is a film with a major identity crisis. Situated in a dreary spot in Nev Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a German shepherd who runs, runs across the car kindly from his former partner in a gambling casino, a nasty pitbull, Carface. Before you found out, Charlie found himself in the sky, though by default. Here is an angel, who said, "all dogs go to paradise, because unlike humans, dogs are usually loyal and kind." This line represents the confusing nature of the film, because the dogs in the film, on the side of the vhippet, are presented as anything else. When they realize that he was killed, Charlie steals back to Earth and plots to equalize with Carface. With the reluctant help of her dachshund man Itchi, Charlie "saves" Carface's prize, AnneMarie, a human girlfriend who can talk to animals (to predict who will win in races). Charlie claims she will help a little sweetheart find her family, but in reality he uses his skills to win the fate of the race, so he can build his more complicated casino to bring Carface. Although she refuses to admit it, Charlie loves AnneMarie ... The story concept is not as problematic as execution. In addition to AnneMarie's human girlfriend and a glittering musical alligator that appears around three-quarters (with Kena Page's vocal pipes), no other character appears to be sympathetic or honest, even worth worrying. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; In an attempt to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) succeeds only in making the figure excessive. As such, the audience does not feel empathy towards Charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the film is not perceived as convincing. (Further damage to the character is a disappointing lack of vocal performance from Burt Reinolds.) Apart from the lack of precious lead, another problem of the film is in the structure of the story. Slowly stepped pitch jumps everywhere and creates a habit of throwing additional scenes that do not serve the purpose, except for the time out of the film. It seems that the aforementioned musical alligator (living in a dark sewage desensitized by autochthonous rats) is thrown out of nowhere, as well as the scene in which Charlie tries to show her generosity to AnneMarie by keeping the package of pizza pastel colors. The whole scenario feels like a rough first draft; a little more polishing could make this story sharper and more impressive. Questions do not help the dark music numbers of Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (Anne Marie's song and ballad gator are the only good ones, they are especially beneficial from the melodic vocal of Ken Page) or unequal voice. As mentioned, Tough and lifeless Charlie Burt Reynolds still takes away his already similar character (the only exception is the fiery confession of Svrbi about his true intentions to the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchi is pretty good, but has better roles, especially Tigar in AN American TAIL and Jeremy at SECRET OF NIMH. As already mentioned, Ken Page is excellent in everything he does, but his character has so little that his overall contribution is at best incomparable at best. Similarly, they lost Lonnie Anderson (as he once earned a litter with Charlie), Melbourne Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that seems to be really unforgettable, in part because her character is the only legitimate sympathetic in this depressing and joyless performance. Barsi aside, the only real positive about the ALL's PSI GO TO HEAVEN is animation. Technically speaking, this film has some of the most blatant images from the Bluth team (until the 1980s, that is to say), a particularly scary scene in which Charlie has a nightmare on how to end up in a fiery underworld controlled by a huge Satanic demon. If nothing else, the film is more than triumph of animation than narration. Overall, however, I can NOT RECOMMEND ALL BEDS THROUGH THE SKY as a good party. Although I recognize that the film has its fans, and the peak allows for some energy and a conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Blutina's better efforts. Animation lovers will admire the lively skill, but until the time is over, ALL IDEAS BAGS ON THE SKY can leave a bad taste in your mouth.
