I study Catalan, and I was thrilled to find El Mar, a film with mostly Catalan dialogue, in my videotape in an art house. Hmmm ... I'm not really thrilled to see him. Br /> Yes, as other reviewers say, it's well done and beautifully photographed. Although the order of opening children is shockingly violent, it has worked well and convincing. (Most of the time, it's ... Will Mallorquin take off the body in preparation for the funeral right in the middle of the city square, in full view of the ten-year-old dead man's boy?) Oh, well ... a minor detail. By this time, he had some of the feelings of the non-magical Pan Maze, also set in the Spanish civil war. Fast forward, and the three children who survived the initial incident came to age. Francisca is a nun who works in a sanatorium for tuberculosis, and both boys, Manuel and Ramallo, are both patients. I know, but hey, coincidences happen. The problem, as with many Spanish films (apology to Almodovar fans), is that with an exception (Francisca) the characters are so dang * strange *. Their motivation, personality and dialogue are often simply non-existent. Moreover, it descends into some terrible miserable surplus. Be prepared for a lot of pain and a lot of blood. The reviewer who called him "potboiler" is on the right path. Had it been made 40 years ago, the poster would say: SEE THE ABOVE LOVE! RAPE !! MURDER !! MUTILATION !! FANATICISM !! TORTURE TO ANIMALS !! BETRAIAL !! The introductory sequence is not nearly enough to make individuals and relationships of characters convincing. To work, this should have multiple flashbacks to solve the characters. As it is, it seems a bizarre and depressing crossover between "brother of the Sun, Sisters of the Moon" and "Fiction of the pulp". If it sounds like something you have to see, be sure to enjoy it. I think I'm going with something that does not make me have to shower to wash up and drowsy. As for the Catalans, it is the Mallorcai dialect, quite different from Barcelona. the dialect, although I was surprised by the commentary who said that even the Barcelonaians obviously needed Catalan subtitles to understand it.
