THIS REVIEW IS ABLE TO ALL SPOILERS. IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO DO THIS FILM, DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW. It's a problem with children's television today. Everything is so patronizing and cozy. "Wow, that was fun, was not it?" No it's not. And unfortunately, she seems to be pervaded by children's films. And that's what the "Red Deer flight" is about. However, for several years I did not see the 'Flight of the Reindeer', so I might be foggy at some points, but I remember that at that time I was completely dissatisfied with it. Basically, the story follows a lecturer who gets a book for Christmas. Now the lecturer is a respected scientist on the habits of flying an animal. I think they were frogs. In any case, through this book, a gentleman / family man learns that reindeer can fly in exactly the same way as frogs. Obviously this book was written by a scientist several hundred years ago and he disappeared in the northern hemisphere. Now, if it were me, I would throw a book out of the closest window. Flying frogs are a natural phenomenon, but flying deer is a fantastic and completely unrealistic concept. Али, г. Lecturer, I am not, so I guess it explains why he decided to fly to the North Pole, leaving his wife and child home with no idea where he went. Of course, things go wrong and before he finds out, a flying deer collapsed into his private plane and he was stranded in the North Pole. Are you still behind him? Okay. His family was, of course, destroyed. I, too, would be, I mean, what a sweet Christmas. Second place, g. The lecturer is in a hidden city on the North Pole, where dwarfs and a tyrant figure dwells in red and white. Instead of immediately attempting to escape, as I would do, he salutes all open hands there. This hidden civilization of dwarf monsters, and he salutes them with open arms. Oooo-kaiiii. They kept him with this story that the elves of Santa Claus spend a year on toys for children for whom they have no idea that they exist. И г. The teacher accepts it. He even accepts that Santa Claus is actually a scientist who disappeared two hundred years ago. There is only one problem - they do not want to leave. The world can not know for their secret existence. After all, before they find out, there will be McDonalds and Starbucks in every corner of the street. Still Alone With Me? Now, the family g. I guess he went to the North Pole. Man, would not they be embarrassed if they found out that he just went on a sturdy walk? Before the audience finds out, they go to spend Christmas in the most famous winter earth of wonders on the planet. In the meantime, Mr. The lecturer is sick of all the striking dwarfs and decides to leave. I can not remember exactly, but I remember holding Santa on the nišan. Against the fire, when dwarf attackers and he managed to escape through the Santa Dreams. With Santa hot on the heels and with the craving for blood in his eyes, Mr. Nevertheless, through some miraculous coincidence, he finds himself flying beside his family's plane who is looking for him. So, he jumps on their plane, the planes fly backwards and all live happily ever after. The fact is that there were some shocking films made on behalf of Christmas over the years, but because that festive charm emerges out. And this is the charm that is completely devoid of the 'Summer Rooms'. nothing that insults intelligence (well, obviously there is, but it's a movie for children and so can get away with such things) or anything particularly offensive, but the problem is that it's not that wrong either. It just does not feel Christmas. And for a movie that's all about Christmas, it's a pretty big flaw. But hey, I do not think 'Let the target audience's flight think about it?' Why would? Everyone is so busy with sedatives that they probably would not be able to write 'Christmas'. I give him three out of ten. If it was a TV movie then I would add two more stars to it. We all know how badly they can.
