I'm a big fan of the movies you're thinking about. I still think long and hard about this, seven minutes after the announcement of the loan. What really confuses my neurons is to try to understand the relevance of the naked naked girl that fascinates her smooth, greasy body, making an extra-sticky recording on a cheap video. This happened three times and I was sure that this would eventually be explained. I trust the filmmakers to make this horrible attempt to seduce the viewer justified. It's not. Film must be the most represented in the genre. The sets look like a cross between Dr. Vho from the 1970s and someone's bad ideas about a living room painted with a sponge. Lighting is unthinkable (if your sets are so bad, take them at half-hour to hide the plasterboard and create some ambience). From the abducted quartet, the girl stands out as particularly lame, but none of them is a personality. Planets of aliens for world domination are just stupid - all they need is pills to control birth and their problems are solved. Most of the film is made up of people running down the corridors. Yes, it's really exciting. The special effect of the "air gun" is ... curiously, at the very least (which is the use of weapons that need to kill a 15-hour concentrated impact, and even then the guy returns for more?). The scenario is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and female hairstyles come from the same period, so they look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of killer alien invaders. When we finally see the aliens look, they are suspended animation and never get out of their boxes. The resolution of the story - the alien traitor simply has a few words with the fleet's commander and without any thought to go home - it's really a sign of a writer who never had an idea more complex than a cartoon Saturday morning (I mean bad ones that have no plot, action or characterization) in your life . But seriously, what about naked fish?! Could they really justify putting meat on a DVD cover to increase sales?
