For several years I have been using IMDb, but I've never written reviews before. However, this film disappointed me so much (even with a modest score of 6.4 at the time of writing) that I could no longer be quiet. Noise is the story of Nevyork (Tim Robbins). who is so troubled by the noisy pollution to take over the alter ego as an avenger, the "rectifier," and vandalize all the vehicles that he finds with the help of the loudspeaker. The name of the movie would be something wrong. Although there are one or two cases of other sources of noise to which they speak or mention, the only true focus of our protagonists are car alarms. Car alarms, car alarms, car alarms. There really is no other focus. When the film attempts to connect other cases of noise pollution with the problem of automobile alarms, it seems that it was only thrown to give credit for Robbin's actions. Yes, we are all upset by the noise. No one likes the sound of a car alarm. Of course, we all have this inner need to take the baseball bat into a screaming vehicle, and this film uses that fact, and quite the very fact that it sells this movie. I say 'pretty' because there is an obviously sexual connection (including a completely unnecessary troika) that is obviously inserted into those who watch movies that need such things to enjoy the movie. To be honest, this is obvious. Robbin's character, very briefly in the film, becomes completely irreversible. It seems that he decides less to keep up with noise, and even more so by focusing on so much noise, he loses his common sense. The first half of the movie is essentially a story about how he turns from the only angry guy who hit the car in this hero of the little man, The Rectifier. However ... the transformation does not happen. He only renamed himself. I could go on for a while. An upsetting generalized social comment comes forever to add to the pretentiousness of the film, and the complacent smile that never leaves Robbins's face does not help him either. All in all, I think it's very obvious what this film is trying to do, because it's pretty much pushed into the throat, but in my opinion, it does not work in a big way. Just one opinion, calling.
