Another Priiadarshan / Vohra launches another movie that was seen for TP, and not the real desire, the only reason I watched this movie was the fact that they were not regular in this film (Akshai Paresh and many others), but it's unnecessary to say He had little expectations of this film. I was happy with casting in general, except, Rajpal Yadav, who once again annoyed without limitations, but nevertheless extracted some laughs, but these were the ones that were not standard. In fact, this whole movie is like playing a dhole, I think it takes a bit of talent to make a loud noise, or even play an odd good rhythm in the pocket for a short time? Only those who can handle different bits in a nice, sequential way, for a longer period that is considered to be excellent. Dumroo barely requires any talent, no variation, and maybe some time he enjoys dancing monkeys (hmmm sounds like Rajpal Iadav, good analogy), but it's not an instrument, which leads us to another instrument. who will entertain you for a long time or even dance you like Dhol. This film was like a dhol and dumroo that played, sometimes Dhol played sometimes dumb, sometimes together, but mostly Dumroo played himself and the monkey danced. And like every 24-year-old before, I got bored. The film has some good Dhol (good) moments, but after a while all I heard was a boring Dumroo (initially funny, then tolerable, and then irritating). ), the big plain parts really ensure that this movie is mostly good for a few funny shots at "MERE BHAINS KO ANDA KIUN MARA" (if you did not watch it watching it on Movies, it's coming in the evening and it's really pretty fun) This movie had its own moments, the actors did a great job, except Rajpal Yadav (who can play, I saw him in Main Street Patni), which nerves more than amusing, I said it a lot of time and I will say again that I really think that Sharman Joshi and Tushar Kapoor a great career in front of them in comedies with more Stars. Some scenes were really funny. such as unsuccessful attempts to impress the father of a girl, an attempt to please the girl and take her away from each other. But after this was there, in an attempt to make this film much more with the mystery, it means that when the girl was in, the next 45-60 minutes were getting more and more torrential, the highlight was " SO BAD ITS ALO GOOD CATEGORY ", I mean what they are Thinking about whether you had to have a tired end, at least try to make it delicious. The film is also extremely predictable, there is hardly a scene that you can not foresee and you will not fall into a spontaneous laugh of laughter. here, more like seeing it coming and almost starting to laugh at the gag. The film follows a gradual decline in movies, except for odd bumps, down or up, and then suddenly descends downhill once they become friends with a girlfriend. Most of the really bad scenes were in the end, one movie is trying to be more than running Mill Comedy, and many jokes were very stagnant and stinking from repetition, LAST 10-15 BECAUSE PERSONALLY DIFFERENT AND ALL \ t FILM. I did not find Tanushree Datta with the whole siren she was supposed to play, and her acting talent is in serious question, especially in terms of her unattractive looks, if you can not be hot and I can not behave how much time you can survive. Technically, this film was weak, with a constant female look and poor lighting and working with cameras. Songs other than the title song were not good, when the songs that were played in the second half felt the collective sigh of the audience. In all, a movie that is plain just for acting, and very low Expectations. Avoid that it's not a bad idea. And if you need to watch it watching TV on a free or very cheap matinee or something you need, if you pay full multicast tariff, you will feel disappointed. - Just a lot of steamy jokes, RAJPAL YADAV, LAST MINUTE 45 MINI AND LAST 15 MINS SPECIALLY, bad technical, bad songs. The +/- s tries to be more than it was, and not the regular actor (I am happier to do so), Tanushree Datta. + Some good scenes to the beginning, title track, good acting and acting besides RI. Overall 4.5 / 10 (I'm trying to be objective here, I do not like Rajpal Yadav or Tanushree Datta and this movie has filled my very low expectations, so I will give it the benefit of all doubts, the absolute terms of this film are not were more than 4)
