Noel Covard, a witty and unique man, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Covard, a longtime fan of all marine affairs, was in charge of writing the story loosely based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. It was considered that a film about the Royal Navy who was losing a meeting at sea would be a good propaganda. It was also thought that it was a good idea to g. Covard plays the role of the captain of the ship. Among the many features necessary for commanding a combat boat, the ability to speak in a very narrow voice and sing sophisticated "dotted" songs does not come high on the list at the Admiralty House, or at least one would not hope. The captain must earn and maintain respect for the room and the lower deck. . Mr. Covard might have respected the gentleman from Chorus in Drura Lane, and Binkie Beaumont may have been scared of him, but his ability to tamper, shape and direct the ship's crew in the war must be questioned. on the bridge, patronizing over other ranks, and eating orders from the officer, it was only necessary that a silk home robe and a cigarette holder look at home. Much is made of the theme of "a warship like the microcosm of the British society," and the crew consist largely of the usual cheerful chickens, crafty North Americans, etc. Without whom it is impossible to fight. about Mr. Hav Hav and up in the air. It does not matter, there are many more from where they came from. When they reach the shore, they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, mourning about Lord Hav Hav and blowing in the air. the covered door somewhere is very quiet with a very small chance of disintegration. He, his wife and their two pink cherubs are turning in funny tones and say that a woman is doing a lot of time knitting things for the poor unfortunates that make up his crew and Whom it refers to their surnames. This handsome young master Johnny Mills has a prominent role as a totally incredible tip of the lower deck that worships Lord Covard in the same way as the broken dog will bow down to his lord. on the face, probably on the basis of what might be pregnant after such unbridled passion. So, yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but maybe not as the manufacturers "Where We Are Serving" intended. В конце, г. Covard has the last chance to subdue his men while several survivors walk past him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he says as if to recite "How To Now Brown Cow". Maybe it was Dean Lean's debut, but Noel Covard's hand is great in this picture. He was a funny and clever man, better suited for writing silly notions of poor little rich girls and boys with an intermittent song. He had the talent to entertain, no doubt, but he could neither write nor speak a convincing dialogue. Since Noel Covard was full time, he did not have the time to be the right person.
