I am quite fond of the novelist / screenwriter Michael Chabon. His novel "The Wonderful Boys" has become a fantastic film by Curtis Hanson. His masterful novel "The Incredible Adventures of Cavalier and Kline" won the Pulitzer Prize a few years ago, and he had a hand in the "Spider Man 2" script, most likely the greatest comics film of all time. Director Ravson Marshall Thurber also directed great comedy pieces such as "Dodgeball" and genius short film "Terri Tate: Office Linebacker". And with actors who include Pera Saarsgard, Sienna Miller, Nick Nolte and Menu Suvari, this seems to make no sense. Yes. Literally. Jon Foster plays Art Bechstein, the son of a mobster (Noltea) who recently graduated from the economy. Jon is in a state of arrest: he works on a minimum paycheck at Book Barn, has a mild connection with his girlfriend / boss, Phlocom (Suvari), which is slightly more than an abundant amount of sex, without plans except for ridding his career for passion. One night at the party, the ex-roommate meets Jon with Jane (Miller), a beautiful, clever violinist. Later that night they come out on a pie, and she asks Jona a question that begins to shake him out of his catatonic state of existence, "I want you to tell me something you never said to any soul, to make this night indelible." John then tells her a new dream about his wandering around the city, looking at the faces of strangers passing by, but none of them look in their eyes. "I suppose that's what death feels," he says. The next day, Jane's wild boy Cleveland (Saarsgard) takes Jon from work and leads him out into an abandoned steelmaker, and soon. Jon, Cleveland and Jane spend each moment of waking together at punk rock concerts, dealing with drugs and drinking lots of alcohol. This disagrees with Phloco, who pushes Jon to make a liaison, letting her meet her new friends and her father. The film then tries to lead us to Jon's journey as he shakes off the fittings imposed by his father, Phlok and his dead end, for he finds freedom and expression through his relationships with Cleveland and Jane. There is a problem that we follow Jon through the film: he is completely uninteresting. He has no ambition, passion or goals. He walked through life like an invisible spirit that he described to Jane the night they met. At first it's not a problem. But he never became more interesting. He is completely passive. He simply follows Bohemian Cleveland and Jane, but he never gave us any indication of what he cares or wants to do with him. Accordingly, the film and its supporting characters have nowhere. to go and do a little work except for a party, to have sex and to enter into arguments. In other words, a lot of trouble. What we have here is the shallow skin of a good movie without anything inside. Smart cinema, a loud voice with long-distance characters, lots of sexual scenes and straight and gay, big arguments, more angry sex, scenes of trauma and tragic death ... but it does not seem to matter. Ironically, at one point Jane, confused by the numerous Jon's unsuspecting actions, asks: "What's going on, John? What's the matter?" Yes, John, say it. We also want to know in the audience. The title of the "Mystery of Pittsburgh" must refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. These are all facades, one-dimensional stands for real people. The film never let us in. We never know what makes them. We see them doing many things, but we do not know why. And the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie can have.
