Cecil B. DeMille's Salon-to-Prison Seeker Manslaughter finds wonderful Leatrice Joi as a good heart, but a decadent young lady with more money than she knows with what to do. Her unthinkable leads to a closure, which leads to her rebirth. Tomas Mejgan is a Christian District Attorney who took out his own personal crusade from good will and health in Lydia (Joi), but he is trapped by alcohol and after being released, it is on her to save him! > If the shop does not sound bad, you will be scared for the sad presentation. The quality of deMil's direction is very low and he does not show any special skills that are unique to him. The photo is standard and flat, and editing is a little more dynamic. It can be easily classified as a fashion show and fairly accurate. DeMille gets a dress for Miss Joi in so many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf suits, motorcycle costumes, piles of fur) that could be titled 'Fashions of 1922'. From photography or assembly or direction is acting, which is mostly straight and wooden. When not, it's just a routine silent gesture, rolling eyeballs, twitching your eyebrows and deliberately moving the movement. What would have been for reviving mugging and scenes for modern viewers chewing some of the worst silent films, it's only boring to watch here. The only member of the acting team that thrives in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but also naturally able to play his role. She is convincing and dear in tired, big plans, until you read the moralizing title card that follows after she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is a droning routine, Joi, Meighan, and even Julia Faie. Her performance here is a good argument why she never achieved the right star. The worst and funniest part of this movie is the hard moralistic tone that transmits all of this. The Meighan character has many translations in which he speaks of how the youth of America falls in his moral attitude and returns to the decadence of Rome. (insert an absurd flashback) Moralizing this movie is described as Victorian, but it's beyond that. In reality, it's so little, that I have the feeling that the audience at that time did not take it seriously than modern viewers can. This film is exactly what the unconscious think of is a 'typical' mute movie, with its archaic moral structure, woody acting and a bad direction. DeMille shows that he could be a horrible director, with no sense of pacing, camera setup, or handling skills for any script or actor. I can not imagine anyone in my common sense to take it seriously. Bored, slow and idiotic, I recommend that hardcore silent movie works like me.
