It was 1974 and she played Martin Šin. It just says what to expect from this movie. And it was a movie. According to the film, Slovik reformed, got a good wife and did not want to fight. In real life, the Slovak may have been a naive innocent, or maybe he just wanted to manipulate the system. Whoever was Slovic was or not, he should decide the history, but it was a film that dealt with desserts at a time when the country questioned why it was fighting and the film was filmed. Regardless of the soldiers who were in Vietnam or in 1974 (as Villie Nelson would say, say the truth, it was about the Vietnam War, not in the Second World War), EoES was as propaganda as Gung Ho was in the forties. According to this film, Slovik has declared his position, simple and simple. He had a nerve problem. Damn, I have a clinical nerve, and believe me that I have done a military duty, it would not be a problem for me to just let my nerves go and miss my tasks and get degradation or be on duty KP or without a task . If we believe in the phone, the Slovak had no such possibility, no doubt about its criminal past. Whatever the viewer wants to believe is on the viewer. I learned that films from this decade or that decade, when it comes to service or military duty, will repeat the same position over and over again. 1940s and 1950s, serve your country. 1960s and 1970s are mocking your country. This is history. The whole movie seemed to me predictable Hollivood. He refused to serve and only when he was bound to be executed, he shows emotions. Such an emotional outbreak could easily help him to declare his nervous state, but apparently the film wanted to show him as a human being and only when he dies becomes sad. I am not a Catholic, but I thought that the sentence of the city of Mary Neda Beattia and Shin in the end, with the Lord's Prayer, was fun because it sounded like they were trying to see who could say it faster. I do not see how this movie can be watched without realizing it is focused on Tricki Dick Nikon and the Vietnam War. I hope that all this was worth the Slovaks and everyone who chose to follow his example.
