The idea is that something interesting happens in the first ten minutes in order for the audience to be hooked. Late Night Shopping manages to avoid interest much longer than that. When we come to some point, she is so monumental, that I thought I misunderstood her. But I did not. Sean tells the story of a landlord from Osaka who rented the same apartment two people at the same time who worked different shifts and so did not realize they shared. His friend asks: "What about weekends?" Sean does not have an adequate explanation. Sean then tells the story of his similar problem, which is that he is not sure that his girlfriend still lives at home while working at night and to work during the day so that they never see each other. This lasts for three weeks. But his friend does not ask: "Yes, but as I said earlier, what about weekends? Then you have to see it. It does not make sense. What is it, Shawn?" But let's be generous, and suppose both of them are working for seven days Sunday. We see Sean to check if soap and towels are used. (Actually, bizarre, he starts to carry the soap with him.) But what about the girl's balm and shampoo, sanpro and moisturizing cream, toothpaste and toothbrush. We're going to the kitchen. What about food and drink? Is it missing? Has anyone been bought? Is there a shared bed in the bedroom or not? Does her clothes be used and replaced for clean? Is the laundry basket? In the toilet, is the seat up or down? I mean, good sadness! And in order to break everything, Paul arranges to leave the job early to see if his girlfriend still lives at home. Why do not you call her? But it's getting worse. In the final act, although no one told Vincent the other members of the group go, he managed to find them. Lenny's interest in love and Sean's girlfriend look like best friends and manage to find a group. There is not even the slightest attempt to explain any of these extremely incredible coincidences. To be correct, the dialogue is fine, but not good enough to make up for bad characters or boring chromium. Br /> I heard one of the actors talked and he promised "no weapons, no drugs, no corsets." I thought, "great." But after half an hour of boredom, I yelled on the screen: "I want pistols! I want drugs! I want corsets!" but on the official website, the director boasts that the film was not mounted on the script. That's all you need to know.
