The actor asks, "What is my motivation?" To understand his character. After watching this "docudrama", this vague and random farce, the viewer wondered what was the motivation. This incompetent descendant of daily television (Oprah) missed a mile a great opportunity to investigate important problems. His characters were shallow and superficial, and his story was far less socially redeemed from the episode "Sympson". She explored the police free of charge as a non-professional and incompetent. She did not offer why the court could treat the protagonist, the abuser of a female child, so different from that of a male perpetrator. Why did this unwanted woman begin to "trim" her second-grade student to start an affair with him when he returned to his sixth grade? Why did the boy's mother testify on her behalf? The simple answer is irresistible narcissism, plus generational rationalization and greed. The film did not give any clue. Why did the viewer not be informed that the victim's mother sold the rights to an interview with printed and television tabloids, and that the girl who was a girl in the parade was placed on "The Todai Shov"? That lawyer Mary Kai, who cashed in the money, complained about the Statute of "Son Himself" so that she could use her crime by selling her story to the most favorable bidder? was the former right-wing Republican Congressman, the US independent presidential candidate in 1972, president of the John Birch Society? In 1983, John Schmitz's political career ended when he was found to have had children by his student, who was only exposed when that mistress sexually disrupted their little son? Yet, Letourneau's dad removed his many children from "too liberal" Catholic schools, struggling not to receive any sexual education? Month of the day after probation, again pregnant with now 14 years, the other daughter, Mari Kai, received 7 and a half years in prison for numerous breaches of the suspended sentence. In the Seattle Times, a prophetic editorial about the sad affair appeared: "At the end of two unfortunate hours, LeTourneau was taken to jail, and that rugged makeup made for the TV ended, until casting began." Br /> Of course, 18 months later, recording of this travesty was in progress.
