Never before seen one of these SciFi originals, this was the first. I think it's fair to judge about acting, direction / production, stage design, and even CGI effects in other SciFi films. Comparison with typical Hollywood production is unfair. I will say, however, that the total Aztec Reque did not exactly resemble the masterpiece of Verner Herzog Aguirre, God's anger. I start by noting that, yes, I recognize the fact that this film has more to do with the conflict of culture than with dinosaurs. In spite of being a movie made for television, there is a context in the background of the story that I will examine. Included symbolic elements are obvious enough. As a student of history, theology, mythology and film, the dialogue was unheard of, and the themes of the action were somewhat offensive. On behalf of the producers I do not ask for any mea culpas - as I said before the movie is what it is. But what worries me is that most younger demographics for this film are probably relying on television to give them lessons on history and cultural diversity. The main problem is most clearly manifested by the character Aiacoatl (not a commentary on Dichen Lachman's performance, but simply as her character is written, although I will say she has some work to do before she gets Emma's nodding). Thanks to her character, the actions of Spanish Europeans are justified. Her role in the film as the love interest of Rios confirms that the European path is the right path, simply because they are European. There really is no other reason. This is really left to the assumption that the viewer is meant to connect with the Europeans in relation to the Aztecs because their clothes, language, ideology, etc. More famously than the Aztec - so the Astets were presented as opposing and "backward". 'And not only does the viewer remain with this presumption because of ethnocentric perception on the part of viewers, but it seems that the story is trying to persuade the viewer - As if the Aztecs were not able to come to the plan - no better - to lure the dinosaur to death on a bed full of wands . Honestly, there is a subgroup of Spaniards that are portrayed as plundering temples and the intention to simply abuse the native MesoAmericans. There is also a scene in which a Christian holy man observes the achievements of Aztec: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - But in the end, it is still the Asti Warrior, which is portrayed as the main antagonist of the film, even through 'thunderous lizards' (more on that later). He portrayed him as treacherous, double, and attempted to send a romantic European Spaniard by deceiving him to consume hallucinogenic mental changes to the mushroom - an important spiritual component of certain aspects and religions of indigenous Meats and North Americans that he could retain the female person belonging to him and far from Spain. Now that we analyze the real story (leaving obvious Christian and pagan themes from the table) from a symbolic point of view - the viewer can easily take these so-called lace bands to be representatives of the Mesoamerican ideology / theology, presented in this film as one intention: bloodthirstiness, frustration, cruelty, evil, perhaps even evil? In the opposition, we have this group of Christian wanderers, led by young Hernand Cortes, who are portrayed as naive, and all the noble, lambs captured in the dark pagan world of Aztec. Also, the name of the film is Aztec Rek, which states that it is a dinosaur that eats people. However, what Aztec Rek translates is Aztec King, the head of the Aztec State, or in this case 'state-of-existence'. (Hence and why the title of the movie has changed). And so, who actually sees us as the new king of the Aztec in the end? That's the rest of the Spaniard, Rios. The Aztec River calls for a new European ideology that has prevailed through illnesses, bloodshed, wars and hunger, American Indians. Rios symbolizes the ideal Europeans - as the exhibitors of this film would like to remember them (as opposed to Cortes as "practically-still-noble Europe"). But when you examine the Holocaust of America, let's be honest: are not the symbolic components of the story of this film going back? I have to say that the Aztec River is in the worst case a little racist, or that it is kind to it, at best in ignorance. And yes, I know it's just a movie, everything was supposed to be in the party, I understand, but in the end it remains to us the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining lines of the Aztec? I wonder what natural Mesoamerican people would have to think about this ending ... as far as I'm concerned, I thought it was a little too confident. The best follow-up performance of the movie goes to Ian Ziering's wig - strikingly - at least it changed the look of Ziering so I did not think I was looking at the iuppie of 90210 that led a pile of concavistors into the heart of the darkness. Ziering is actually proving himself an actor more than capable in this movie, I actually bought his performance, or at least I forgot that it was Ian Ziering. I do not know who his agent is, but he should get more work. In the end, it was a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I've been a fan since his short introduction to scouting in 1988 Scrooged. Alekander Kuaresma - DeusEkMachina529@aol.com
