Tiranosaurus Azteca was set up during the sixteenth century, where well-known Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best people, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), who intend to seek land on behalf of the Spaniards and maybe steal some gold if there is a possibility. Within a few minutes, they have their first glimpse of local savage savages, a few minutes after Cortes and his men were captured and imprisoned. If that is not bad enough, it turns out that a couple of Tiranosaurus Reka lives there and they like to eat local people, in an attempt to win their lives the Spanish offer to help the locals to solve their monstrous problem, but with various hidden agendas and hidden motives are not just dinosaurs who must watch ... Directed by: Brian Trenchard-Smith (accidentally made by one of my favorite exploitative films Turkei Shoot (1982)) which I recommend once and for all), and is also more familiar under Aztec Rek (us hunting has been changed by the Sci-Fi channel when it was broadcasting it maybe like the original title Tiranosaurus Azteca sounds like it can be a foreign movie) this is another idiotic and cheap Sci-Fi channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all you need to know. Based on and around the true Spanish Conquistador Cortez during his expedition to Mexico, the film definitely does not aspire to historical precision, although I will admit that the story is trying to do something a little different here, but ultimately Tiranosaurus Azteca is still just a 'Creature Feature'. with a bunch of people running away from some bad graphics CGI monsters, although it's time. Not quite sure what else they can say, despite being laid out centuries ago, the usual clichés are here, the characters are common cardboard cuts, they make a stupid decision and a selfish, heroic, toothless, impersonal sacrifice that only exists to eat and a beautiful woman is It's easy to spot here. The movie is predictable, stupid, boring and does not have fun at any level, although it moves at a decent pace and there is one or two half of decent moments worse if you are interested in such a thing. The story is not so good and there are plenty of holes, it's also a type of movie you will completely forget about within a few days. Now I've seen and commented on the pretty Sci-Fi channel 'Creature Features' and usually the CGI computer effects are terrible and while Tiranosaurus Azteca does not really burden the trend, I admit there are several effects that look good, but then Usually destroyed by absolutely terrible effects. right after that. There are several good effects here, he has a chopped heart, his leg is bitten, his blood stain, the cool guy who left the bowel after the dinosaur attack, has several dead bodies seen and someone is stabbed. T-Rek will eat a few people. The values ​​of production are really cheap, the aesthetic set seems to be one of those attractions of parks from the thematic park made of styrofoam, and these Spanish men have to be enclosed in the worst enclosure in a cinematic history with a fence that allegedly held them lower than the waist. he could simply get out of it and escape so low. With an estimated budget of about $ 900,000, I can not see where the money went, shot at O'Haw in Hawaii in apparently fifteen. of the day. The acting is not great to anyone I've ever heard of. Tiranosaurus Azteca is really no better than any cheap Sci-Fi channel 'Creature Feature' despite an almost interesting and unusual premise, this basic statement should basically be enough to decide if you will enjoy this or not (guessing probably not).
