EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I expected. This is an Australian film without budget without special effects, except for quick movie and fast scene shooting. A female alien (who immediately comes to be able to speak Australally perfectly accentuated) can "blip" from place to place or time in time to change the perception of the flow of time in order to fit with "faster" people. An elderly grandmother tells her two grandchildren about one story that she told her 40 years ago, when the unnamed "She" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, incapable of recognizing the star in the sky from which she came. He meets a man who only camps in the Australian wildlife, apparently confusing him. She is here "mistaken" and angry when they tell her that she is on Earth. Earth is known as the impeccable despoener of the environment and metaphor for the most perfect thing imaginable to the rest of the universe: those who "breathe dirty air," but do nothing about it, sticking their heads under the sand as a ostrich. In another fun metaphor, Earth's "frogs". From there, it is a complete film about dialogue, because a confused man is trying to understand his unusual psychology and attitudes, even while she calls him an inconspicuous and "household". A man begins to realize that perhaps people are irrational and do not think properly. Nevertheless, as she waited for her to "blow up" at home, she sees that this man is not completely wrong in her thinking and even falls in love with him. The dialogue on perspectives is in interesting places, but it's all a layered message of difficult circumstances and a feeling of a low budget (there are only two main players, who are turning around a variety of empty scenes, and the evil people who destroy the planet have never been seen). An ecological message does not offer any solution, but it paints one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is not done. Logic also does not hang together: the rest of the universe has "given up" on Earth, but a space woman caught on Earth by mistake manages to bring about a positive change in the conclusion of the film. What could the battalion of foreigners he deliberately sent here against pollution and waste?
