This is one of those movies to which the British Lottery Fund spends its money. The main problem is the rogue who does not get anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insidious, the only thing that is interesting is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). I had only a superficial knowledge of Genoa, I had no idea about the intricate streets of his Old Town, and that the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I'm delighted to say that I turned out to be wrong. So, from the travelogue, this film has an interest. The film contains a great show, performed by a girl named Perla Hanei-Jardine. She has already recorded seven films, although she was only 12 years old, so she looks determined in the actress's career, and judging by her appearance in this film, she should go away because she is natural and has great talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was available for recording, and when he asked to be serious, he was serious, and when asked to be tortured, he was tortured. But someone forgot to give him any valuable dialogue. The script is a complete ruin. Catherine Keener is very good in support, and the show of sympathy comes naturally, so everyone would love to have it (I would like to tell her every time I feel cold, because I know that I will catch a soothing warm drink). So, we have it: fascinating narrow streets in Genoa, an interesting girl and a pretty woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Villa Holland is so disgusting that the fact that a young actress does a good job of refusing is not exactly the kind of act she would like to hear, I suppose. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unhappy death of a mother is so foolish that if we have another such film, all dead mothers have the right to complain about exploitation. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how old Genoa is interesting, why did not he go to the BBC and said he wants to make a travel film with some foolish celebrity leader? Why spend money on a feature film that is nothing more than a project of the vanity of slipping and twisting?
