I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, that album, if not his best, is usually fruitful in some way and worthwhile at least listening. The album is usually good enough to cement the legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially the mainstream comics that play in their vehicles, their final movie is usually God horrible. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candi had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers", and Rodney Dangerfield had this film. Back to midnight "Although perhaps not the last Dangerfield movie, it's bad in every sense of the word. The shooting took place in 2002, according to this website, and it can be said that it would remain on shelves that Dangerfield is still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was in the early teens, and it hurts to see how this movie was broken. What most amazes me is that many other talented people have taken a large number of people. to start a movie with a very weak premise. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually plays his comedic personality on the film, is a prison guard who holds a close group of prisoners. When the owner of the prison, Colonel-Tom-Parker-aware - Sam Walton billionaire Elia Rockwood (Randi Kuaid), reduces the financing of the prison, the warden sends a group of prisoners to escape from jail, rob the homonymous shops of consumer goods, and return to jail with loot. Taking what is in the stores, they (I suppose) take what they believe Rockwood owes them. With this weak room, the film often evaporates and stops. On top of this, the jokes that you think would be the salvation of this movie are not even near the ridiculous, even from Mr. No Respect himself. And it's incredibly disappointing because you would expect a Oscar-nominated movie (!!!) by Randi Kuaid, Kirstie Allei, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Beglei Jr., Ieardlei Smith and others who will at least be funny. Instead, Kuaid plays the character we previously saw in countless comedies, Allee plays the British heir with a terrible British accent (can this movie not afford the real British person!?), And every joke is badly set and bad for every member of this ensemble . It was not a good comedy in any sense of the word. Back to midnight, R was rated mainly for the language (and one nudity scene). The irony is that many jokes are so crowded that they insult even children (if you change language) to leave this movie. Physical eddies are also incredibly predictable, especially when the Alley Monkey suffers Kuaid's character. When the monkey grabbed scissors and jumps on Kuaid's couch, who would not know where that gag goes? Since this is a comedy directly on the video, of course I did not expect the Oscar-winning material here. It is true, however, that Dangerfield had previously made some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious, and definitely not worth the Oscars. However, there is a difference between making stupid comedy and ridiculous comedy. With this other kind of comedy, it seems that filmmakers do not try at all, which is precisely the case with this poor excuse for the lost 90 minutes. Relax in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your group of fun comics such as Meet Valli Sparks (1997) and Godson (1999). This film, I dare say, is not worth a look.
