I'm not sure what to do about this decoded drama from 2007. Trying to be a new hybrid millennium between the Golden Pond and Prince Tides, this film ends up as an unpredictable mess that so mercurially moves between comedy and melodrama that the emotional direction always seems unusual. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental regime of Garry Marshall and the dark, rather confusing scenario of Mark Andrus. The story focuses on the relationship between mother Lilly and Rachel's daughter, who transported the journey from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho where Grandma Georgia lives. The idea is that Lily leaves Rachel in a year under Georgian jurisdiction that is packed with draconian rules, as the young 17-year-old became an irreparable hell. Setting is clear enough, but the characters are made so that they are quickly and often unexplainably changed between the cute and the pervasive to fit into the fictional contours of the story. It accidentally changes through the problems of alcoholism, child abuse and dysfunctional families until it fits into its pat-resolution. Three actresses in the center buy out some dramatic convolutions, but in varying degrees. Probably because of her reputation outside the screen and the voice of her tickling smoker, Lindsay Lohan seems to think that Rachel's promiscuous and manipulative tactics can feel, although she becomes less credible because her character reveals psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two sharp notes - like a lovely, outraged daughter of her mother who never approached her and as an angry, alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her responsibility in the state of her daughter. She does what she can with her role on both fronts, but her efforts never contribute to the human being from blood and flesh. Almost seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even when the weather is beaten while she is here, and she has the presence of stars in order to get out with similar dimensions of quartz Georgia. The problem I have with Fondine Casting is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of single-sex and maternal looks. Between this and unsuitable Monster-in-Lava in 2005, it seems that someone is wondering if her best job is behind her. We should not be surprised that the female actresses of the actress are completely shaded. Garrett Hedlund looks a bit too much surfer-dude as naive Harlan, a pious mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two-year missionary duty. Cari Elves plays a well-known suspicious note like Lil's husband, an unfortunate case in which the predictable casting seems to telegraph the end of the film. There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulronei in the role of terrible triple players injured wives, former flame Lilli and Rachelin new boss as city veterinarian dr. Simon Vard. Laurie Metcalf barely plays the role of Simon's sister Paula, while Marshall's regular Hector Elizondo and songsmith Paul Villiams appear in the story. Some of Andrus's dialogues are obviously terrible and hectic seriocomic tone never fits into anything that seems right. There are several small accessories with the 2007 DVD. The Marshal offers a commentary that has a lot of its characteristic laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations at the end and a gag disc. Also includes a seven-minute shooting of the feature film, as well as the original theater trailer, a six-minute short reflection of three actresses and a five-minute honor to Marshall.
