The Georgian rule must be one of the - if not the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The whole movie has a very unrealistic feeling that made me sigh, "what?" loud at least 7-10 times during his strenuous two-hour course. Announced in the trailer as a film about three generations of women - Jane Fonda as a matriarch, Felicity Huffman as her daughter and Lindsay Lohan as rebellious, overly separated, scarcely dressed granddaughter, the viewer thinks it will be a cliché, light, knocking about growing up and coming together as a family. The worst commercial. After many shots, animals are doing "funny" things in the background of the "key" scenes and not to mention the entire five minutes focusing on the old woman who comes to the clinic for a week to change her diaper, or the fact that the film Actually about the character of Lindsay Lohan, who sexually abuses her stepfather, Georgia Rule creates her own genre of film: Unfounded, terribly acting, inappropriate comedy dealing with extremely serious problems in the most unpleasant, surreal, strange way. If Garry Marshall wanted this film to be a drama / comedy, then he should have watched The Roial Tenenbaums. Sidevais. Junebug. Et cetera. Et cetera. The only way I feel I can tell the reader to realize the horrible genre under which Georgia Georgia is to create a hypothetical situation. Let's say the film, The 40 Iear Old Virgin, was the main character in celibacy because he was sexually abused as a child. But instead of making the film more dramatic, there will be laughter and comedy in the stomach, with all the reactions of characters such as fake, lifeless, human beings who pretend to worry. Insert the yellow parrot, Dermot Mulronei as the most beautiful, most imaginative figure that could have been completely cut out of this badly written letter, along with a male character castling all of your religious personality. beliefs and have to be with a brown, overwhelmed girl who does not share the same interests as him, as well as an unnecessary car hunt, unreal moments of characters trying to connect with each other, and you have a Georgia Rule. I consider this film to be an insult to those people who are fighting for movies, screenwriters, actors, editors, etc. They have much more talent and do not get noticed. Do not watch this movie: my rule. And if you need, drink plenty before hand.
