Rebellion of zombies begins when Armand Loukue (Dean Jagger) tries to persuade General Cleveland that his friend Tsiang (Villiam Crovell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and make them under his control by turning them into foolish zombies (a bit like humans with whom I really work). In any case, Tsiang was killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roi D'Arci), but he does not get knowledge of turning people into zombies. General Duval set up an expedition to search for a secret, because Tsiang would not say much more to them. General Duval is leading an expedition along with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is hired for Loukue who also comes. During the expedition, Claire leaves Louk for his fellow Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), where Loukue is not too pleased. In a way that could only happen in the movie, Loukue finds a secret to turn people into zombies and begins to use his new found power to vomit Claire & Clifford ... Co-writer and director Victor Halperin The Rebellion Zombies have a bad reputation even after I can see why. The scenario of Halperin, Howard Higgin, and Rollo Lloyd, who are all uncrited, has a good central idea, but he was killed by stone cold dead people by being boring and exciting as well as looking at dry colors. Nothing is happening for years, and then nothing happens later. As Halperin describes his zombies differs from what most modern audiences regard as zombies, these zombies are just brainwashed, and viewers watching the movie will have to wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero defines how zombie is now considered in the Night of the Living Dead (1968). For only about an hour, the Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically speaking, the film is fine since it was made 70 years ago, black and white cinema is adequate, although some scenes look like they were taken on a background photo. The play is wooden and mostly immersive. The Revolt of Zombies may have been a hot thing in 1936, but it was not well recorded, and in 2005 it's an absolute little thing. I believe the movie is now a public domain because it appears on many ultra-cheap DVD compilations and budget tags, but it's still not worth looking at no matter how cheap it is.
