This is not really a zombie movie, if we define zombies as dead people walking around. Here the protagonist, Armand Loukue (played by incredibly young Dean Jagger), acquires control over the method of creating zombies, although in fact, his 'method' is to mentally project his thoughts and control the minds of other living people by turning them into hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept for the film, and it was made more efficient by Fritz Lang in the series' Dr. Mabuse 'films, including' Dr. Mabuse the Gambler '(1922) and' Testament Dr Mabuse '(1933). Here, unfortunately, he is subordinate to his quest for the return of the love of his former fiancé, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche similar to the bad hairstyle, Dorothy Stone), which is really the main theme. The film has an intriguing beginning since Loukue was sent to a military archaeological expedition in Cambodia to end the cult of the zombies that came from there. On some sort of garbage (where we get great sets and clothes) he announces his engagement for Claire, and then barely five minutes later, he returns a ring that declares his love for his friend, Clifford Greison (Robert Noland). It is unintentionally fun to talk to each other without contact with your eyes. This would be a great movie for the "Mystery Science Theater 3000", if it has not already been baked. It has never been shown how Loukue actually learns the secret of 'zombies', but is then used to kill his enemies, create a huge army of rifles worn by soldiers and bodyguards. We will not see such strong willpower as John Agar in "The Brain of the Planet Is Not Excited" (1957). Finally, Claire agrees to marry him if he allows Greison to live and return to America. Loukue agrees, but actually turns him into one of his hypnotized slaves. At their wedding night, she realizes that Claire will begin to love him only if she gives up her "power". In order to gain her love, he does so, causing a 'rebellion' of the title, in which all his slaves are waking up and attacking his property and killing him. Greison accepts Claire, and it seems that we are at the end of a parable: "Whom the gods will destroy, you would first get angry." So it's really not so bad in the movie, despite the low IMDb rating that it currently has. Repetitions (?) You can see the art of a well-designed letter! Dean Jagger has yet to develop into a good actor, and is almost unrecognizable in his youth - is this actually his own hair? We remember him more for his bald, old roles in 'White Christmas' (1954), 'Ks Nepoznato' (1956) and 'King of Kings' (1958). The story takes many of its basic themes from the better brothers Halperin, the earlier film 'The White Zombie' (1932) in which unfortunate Robert Frazier (like Charles Beaumont) uses 'zombies' to win the love of Madge Bellami (like Madeline Parker). If you want real zombie movies (which there are hundreds!), I would start with 'Wake Up Zombie' (1932), 'King of the Zombies' (1941). a Zombie '(1943),' The Night of the Living Dead '(1968),' The Last Man on Earth '(1964) and his two remakes. In the modern era of classic films, there are 'Horror Ekpress' (1972),' The Serpent and the Rainbov '(1988), '28 Dais Later' (2002) and its sequel, as well as many, many other minorities to mention . This is not really a zombie movie. Judging by this film, it's more of a semi-gothic romance. As such, he is a bit below some Universal B horror films of the late 30s and early 40s. I'll give him 5.
