Well, firstly, if you're checking the Revolt of the Zombies as some early Night of the Living Dead (1968) of the movie type, forget it. It's about "zombies" in a psychological sense, where this term only signifies someone who does not control his will, but must follow the will of the other. Here, "zombies", as little as they are in the movie, are mostly metaphors for obedience to the state or the authorities in general, as in the war. It's pretty hard to say it's a horror movie. The film was set during the First World War. zombies - and there are stories of zombie troops that easily overcome enemies. Armand Loukue (Dean Jagger) returns a priest who supposedly knows the secret of zombies, but he will not speak. Both Loukue and the international military contingent go to Angkor Wat at an archaeological expedition designed to uncover the secret of zombies and destroy information before the zombies have the opportunity to "erase the white race." Strange things around the Revolt of the Zombies are that it seems that perhaps writer / director Victor Halperin has decided to change his game plan when shooting a script. The film begins to explore the zombie / military metaphor, and maybe even have elements of adventure, but after 15 minutes it changes its speed and becomes a story about the love triangle. Halperin is adhering to the subtext of will and power (and the Nichiean "willpower"). The movie is interesting at that level, but the script and editing are very upset. This is another older film that I would not be surprised if there is a lack of footage, especially because some scenes even fade or cut until the character pronounces the dialogue. In the midst of a fictional romantic story, Halperin strives to refer to a zombie thread, but little of the zombie material has a lot of sense. Loukue reveals the secret of zombies, but that does not mean much to the viewer. The zombie material mechanics is blurred and confusing Halperin even resorting to the recording of White Lugosi's 1932 film, Take a Zombie, but never explains what it has to do with anything. There are large gaps in conspiracy, including a love story. Promising, interesting characters from early drums disappear for a long time. One potential criminal is unnecessarily dismissed before he starts to work. If you are a big fan of the old, scary B movies, the Revolt of the Zombies can be worth watching at least once the acting is not so bad, and if you have a good imagination, you can put together an interesting story in your mind to fill out everything gaps. But this is the second time that I watched a movie, and it was only five years ago, and I could barely think of anything - so it's not very memorable.
