"Revolt Zombies" proves that if the same director renews and recycles an idea, it does not necessarily hit the lightning twice. A clever piece of garbage, just a few years later, reaped his popularity, and even recycled the big plans of Lugoshi's eyes from the previous film. There was a court battle with the owners of the movie "Vhite Zombie", who did not want Halperini to use the word "zombie" in this title. That word was the only thing that could have helped this movie, because, as everyone knows, bad movies can earn much more money simply by saying the word 'Zombie' will appear in the title. Knowing what Victor Halperin was capable a few years ago makes this unattractive film more offensive. It seems that after this debacle he never directed a second horror movie. It seems that zombies are not real walkers, but simply victims of hypnotism. Do you want to create an army of zombies under the control of the mind? Be ready to crack some eggs, including yours. LAME PLOT: A man falls in love with a crippled woman playing with his heart and dealing only with them to create a friend who he loves, jealous. This sends a man in a spiral of insanity in which he tries to use zombie techniques of mind control to change things to his advantage in an attempt to conquer a woman who is not worth spitting. This includes one of the most obvious obvious events I've ever seen. You must be blind or stupid to not see the end. The acting is not good either. This film makes a racially insensitive "King of Zombies" (which appeared on the same double DVD I bought) as a masterpiece of atmospheric horror in comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is a classic. This makes the atomic age of the sci-fi alien zombie fest "invisible attackers" look like a serious drama. This is a big cheese ball so ridiculously melodramatic that many of them would probably make a jerk in a Korean movie (South Korean films are often known for using melodramas). Loans cite the ironic name of Favorite Films. I'm not sure which would be a favorite movie, but they are obviously an idiot. It is not recommended to fans: zombies, romantics or classic movies.
