Although the title contains the word "zombies", this film is not what you would expect from a movie that was made today, although for the year 1936 the concept is as good as it would have been expected. Dean Jagger shows Armand Loukue, an officer of the French Army of the First World War, who came across an ancient story of soldiers who were turned into automatic machines, or "zombies," which are impenetrable in combat and can hold the key to victory in the war, although on whose side for sure. At first, he has trouble persuading his superiors about this phenomenon, but in the end, French general Duval (George Cleveland) orders not a military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of zombies and destroy it. The story is played on the back of a love triangle involving Loukue, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Graison (Robert Noland), who were all part of the expedition. When Loukue regrets his lack of strength and determination, Graison offers him advice to go with what he wants in life with all his power. This advice begins to transform Loukue, especially after he has managed to get a stone plate similar to a photo from an ancient city. Having followed the temple priest in a wetland, Loukue seems to keep the secret he was looking for, although it is not clear how he was currently able to command the power of "zombification". All it takes is to put the right fist on the forehead that simulates the third eye, and to dispense its thoughts to those it wants to control. This is useful for the return of his girlfriend and the taking of Grayson's early advice while commenting on his servant: "We're brave, let's learn to be ruthless". The fans of early horror "B" will recognize the use of White Lugosi's apparent view, drawn from the 1932 film "The White Zombie", also by director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, the "White Zombie" is preferably superior, both in the content of the story, and in the presentation of the undead, where zombies have a more evil appearance and which are more endangering. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers with a glimpse of a glance that only reacts to the commands of their mentors. In fact, the actual defeat of the title comes only when Loukue releases soldiers from his mental command as a mark of respect for his love for Claire; they overcame his core and killed him in that process. To not be too harsh towards the movie, play fairly within the parameters of his story, but if you are thinking about zombies !! ! "In the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try early treatment of the subject, the" White Zombie "mentioned above with White Lugosi is the way to go.
