"That could mean the end of the white race!" the general breathed as a dozen of domorodian zombies wandering around the battlefields of Europe during the "Great War". The expedition moves into the long-lost city of Kennif-Angor to stop such things and keep the battlefields clear for decent honest white people to slaughter each other on tens of thousands. It's kind of hard to say when people are zombies or not in this movie, because the acting is so woody. Even until 1936, acting in this movie is bad. From the previous decade. It looks like he got out of correspondence at the school "How to behave" ------------- Chapter Three: Emotions ------- ---- - How to express fear and contempt (Woman) Squeeze both fists, put one hand on the heart, open your mouth while screaming. Hold the pose for 10 seconds longer than it is comfortable, then swiftly turn head for 90 degrees from the direction of a thin object and groan. "How to have a difficult, emotionally charged scene with an ex-fiancée do not explain your love to anyone else Do not make eye contact Do not move. Do not show any emotions. Do not move too much while reading your lines from the studio wall. To give us a break from the lead act, the director cunningly cuts a long stop where nothing happens, except that the film goes through projectors, so the story of 35 minutes is printed in 60 minutes. The rebellion of zombies when it comes is so slow! Free from mental slavery, the former zombies have enriched their former masters by rising uphill to the hill, then somehow they stabbed the door and broke the window. "Yes ... let's ... oh, I do not know. Let's get him sorted out. Frankenstein must be destroyed - manana." (although I just found some hidden symbolism, Jagger was killed by the Native as some kind of ironic counterpoint to all the Natives that the Germans shot at the beginning of the film. See, even the oppressed natives do not want the End of the White Race!) Hail (you can call it that) through the back projected wetland is ridiculous and worth the cost of the reception itself. Roi D'Arci has a terrible time to camp, but he is completely lost, as did Colonel Mazovia. There is an interesting moment in this movie. A nice little assemblage of zombie native and white members is cast into magical evil eyes. face behind the face, cross each other. It works, although there is a strange little blip in the middle of each big plan as if the frame is cut off. I suppose this must be a Neglera frame between the pale. Best looking with friends and stupid mood.
