In the first 17 minutes of Darkman III: Die Darkman Die directed by Bradford Maia, we were already subjected to silly recapitulation and accompanying voice on the first two films, hilariously over-acting, about three minutes of footage simply taken out of another movie and slightly modified to looks like a new footage, and a long scarlet advertisement and tormented headlines that look at Universal Theme Parks-Universal, the company that distributed this movie. Yes, "Darkman III: Die Darkman Die" is quite a trick when it comes to cheap cash on the success of the previous movie. This time, the disrupted anti-hero Peiton Westlake (nicknamed "Darkman", played by actor "Mummi" Arnold Vosloo, locks horns with evil criminals and bad wives Peter Rooker (who plays great in a superb performance Jeff Faheia), and during a 87-minute film, he grows to develop a fondness for Rooker's wife and daughters, once again learning to care for another person. Blah Blah Blah. This film is basically just a stupid way for the studio to make some more money than the original movie by Sam Raymy, which I consider a great movie about ak Oh ohah, and there are a lot of stupid sub-plots, including the criminal who was allegedly one of the original doctors who saved Darkman after his scar and she seduced our hero into thinking that that ally before discovering it, the plot of plot to help Rooker create more superhuman silderies like Darkman. Obviously, she can not do the same procedure on the robbers she did on Darkman. Why? I can not really explain it, because the film certainly does not. There is also an underground plot for the assassination of a district prosecutor threatening to demolish the Rooker organization, and some other very silly things. But this does not actually accumulate. This film is seen as two or three episodes of TV shows arranged together more than a real movie. The direction changes between fairly good and open (a scene in which Darkman drives his own vehicle like a train and a missile launcher is just stupid), and the assembly is a mixed bag. The film takes place too fast so that anyone really care about what's happening. And without deception, the last 15 minutes of this movie, and indeed, the whole series is just kinda ... I do not know ... 15 minutes of stills with mixed bags. In fact, commenting on editing, one of my favorite things in this movie is watching for reusable images from previous movies, and then looking for footage in this movie that repeats itself many times. Yes, it's so cheap. One is to make a re-cap at the beginning of the movie, and maybe repeat one or two shots, but to the extent that they work (minutes of footage repeated from the previous movies), it's just messy and amateur. /> <br /> Also, I have to say that Darkman's psychedelic assembly exits are a little exaggerated in this movie. They are so stylized and exaggerated to work, but only in light doses and in the right context, as Raimi worked in the original film. There are at least four or five here, and they feel very quick and out of place. Still, the film is not without some good stuff. Several action scenes are well made. The quirical story of Darkman's longing for real life is suitable for direct access to DVD. Some of the actors are good, especially from Rooker's wife, shown by the beautiful Rokann Davson. Also, while none Danny Elfman, composer Randi Miller does not compose some beautiful music that relates to Elfman's original themes. But all in all, the movie is too fast, cheap and stupid to take seriously. Arnold Vosloo looks alternately boring and lively from scene to scene, and Fahei, while a joy to watch as a superior criminal, simply does not fit into a series. As "Darkman II", I would recommend it to the fans of the original, who will surely laugh. Otherwise, you do not have to sign up. Four out of ten.
