I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action star, la Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme to a certain extent. He had some great moments in his career, but he made some bad choices, and this is definitely one of them, although he was made later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is to honestly think that they seriously thought they were making a provocative and serious thriller? It shows this in the way they describe it on IMDb, on DVD, in comments, and this film is not serious. Calling this camping would be a huge underestimation. The film is trying to be complex and intelligent when it's actually nothing but shallow, confusing, and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, known for action films, in an attempt to play a serious role that makes him even more campaigning, as his range of actors is quite limited. The whole movie revolves around the world of sex, but still try to make it a serious thriller? Only plot and space immediately make B-Movie Pornography at best. Dolph Lundgren plays a disgraced ex-policeman and angry alcoholic Matt Sorenson who decides to play a detective when his brother is killed. I mean leaving aside the many holes Lundgren freely wanders to investigate the crime scene, witnesses and everything else, although he is no longer a policeman, and you still have a pretty strange and pretty crazy performance by Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's potential interest in the love and widowhood of his brother. Bret plays his role fairly decent with regard to the script and the story. Support is enormous and no one particularly stands out in their performances, unless on the negative side, such as the absolutely horrible performance by Victor Pedretchenko who seems to have several different names in the film, can boast a terrible accent and is really terrible. I sincerely tried to get into the mystery and film and watch carefully, but there was no reason for it because it was a mess of funny complications and free sex games, including the extremely funny hilarious scene. where Lundgren goes into shelter and tilts upside down almost naked. To explain how classic and well done this movie (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the last part of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap) has Lundgren's character referred to as "Murray Wilson" (not his character's name in the movie) Dok In a way, Lundgren has managed to be seen, the film falls on the face and tries to be serious. Bearing in mind that director Anthony Hickok is notorious for really B-Movie Horror flicks, it makes sense even though I think he was really trying to be serious. The cult fans of Lundgren will have to see him ... no one else should ... certainly for any mystery or uncertainty. 3/10
