I can not understand why so many fans of Godzille think this is great, one of the best Godzilla movies ever. This film is terrible and one of the rare Gojira films that I can not watch again (the other is G. vs. Megalon). The action is too campus to be in the Heisei series, a series that tried to turn old Godzilla's franchise into bonafide action movies, turning to ideas that appeared more in force in 1974 than in 1991. This sounded funny, especially with an object, let's take for example a World War II scene with Japanese soldiers praising the dying Godzillasaurus, a sad and serious tone, taking the former ex-commander, turning to the capitalist and his death, a serious look in a movie that his fans somehow they are meant to be laughable, like a stupid mess with the wrong illogical entertainment, if it's so easy to be one of the most uncomfortable films I've seen, but I think it's more likely that only the talent of filmmakers was missing, and that was the case An action movie with a flat face. All this was worsened by the fact that special effects are terribly out of comparing, from jet packages to android, to the sound effects emitted from everything, it's impossible to take anything serious, yet the film expects you to, it does not encourage the camera. Like almost all Godzilla movies, there is a senseless romance, and this is no exception, although something can be said about the fact that this is especially pointless and inexplicable. For the romance there was virtually no reason to present, it just happens and there are life obligations for him. In addition, the other horrible aspect of this film is dialogue, and both Japanese and English are terrible, insolent and probably inspirational for Battlefield Earth. Tristar DVD combines problems, making everything look grainy, blurry, blurry and simply ugly, the same was for sound. For the first time I saw the version of the Japanese region 2 and the differences are night and day, with original vibrant colors and textures, a valuable result, especially combat scenes, which are really visible. In my opinion, the Heisei series is a disappointment, with the exception of Godzille 1984 (Japanese version), which is a bit of a praiseworthy, and Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah is the case in this failure. He does not approach even the deserving reputation and the fans he receives. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10
