This is one of those films in which people constantly say, "That's a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they react to them. I love it. This picture is smoother than any three dozen of Seth Rogen projects. Well, like SHOAH. Gojira's films have destroyed their stories since the sixties, but this goes on. What can you say about a culture that is willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for rapid accumulation? This travesty represents the Second World War suicide brigade on the "last Marshall Island" that represents a weapon to the dinosaur that drove the American Marines. Then the Japanese inexplicably decided not to fight the last man and instead left the territory that was annexed by this giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. Then it complicates. Blondes from the Future, irritating because they still do not heal male baldness, return to time in some sort of flying saucer to ask the failed writer and famous person to help eliminate Godzilla before destroying Japan. "Help" is questionable, as all the citizens of 1992 carried out in 1944 to watch some closed television, but, hey, they shot the script. You would think that up to 90 Japanese would know better than to trust people in space ships. Fortunately for Nippon, white guys - you can say that Americans are because they say "nucial" - they made a mistake by returning a Japanese girl who had gone back in the past. Touching the worship of ancestors, she reveals her chauvinism after wearing a flying suit made of tubular ties linked to the Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these traveling fashionable Caucasian girls are only jealous of the upcoming Japanese economic imperialist takeover of the famous world (in the 22nd century, Japan will buy Africa, which sounds more responsible than property). These blondes in lined synthetic suits with dysfunctional tape and superfluous zippers want to replace Godzilla with king Ghidorah, who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but it is known that Toho does not want to rebuild that Tokyo horizon. Of course, we got an alternative spectacle Fukuoka ("the city of my garden"). and some other metropolitan areas that have so far been undamaged by rubber monsters devastated by flying golden metal 1/3 hydra. In discovering the surprises, we were informed that King Ghidorah was made of some hand-made dolls that were long left in the microwave oven. Godzilla also participates in the demolition as the film descends. Wait - are not the blondes of the spaceship already destroyed Godzil? Yes, they killed him in the third reel. But no one expected that the Japanese had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles in 1992. "Ha ha, do not worry, we do not hold it in Japanese waters," with which to start a new Godzilla from the old bones of the old dinosaur. Only they do not have to, because the ruined old nuclear shipwreck has already made Godzilla a whole. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrived in Tokyo, having united with her old soldier friend at a cordial moment of tearful admission. They look at each other's eyes, and Godzilla nods his head as if to say, "I have to do it, man." Tajkun nodded in understanding. Then Godzilla blows him up. I should mention that, in order to prevent Godzilla's renewed anger itself from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, a Japanese girl from the future goes back to the future to ask for help from - yes - a fading white man. Probably because he pitied as the only Asian figure of the 23rd century, he agrees to build Mecha Ghidor and send it back to the nineties, so together these two huge monsters can, uh, fulfill Godzill's fate and destroy Japan. In a beautiful nod, these notorious arbitrary heads for torture, the girl who controls Mecha-Ghido has problems controlling the joystick. This Godzilla design owes a lot to Sumo - his thigh is young enough to double for Rush Limbaugh, and his stomach and chest are thick and heavy. But there is more explosion in this picture than in most of his adventures, which does a lot. There is also a man with a transient similarity with Robert Patrick, who plays the robot killer. Yes, in the future, even robots will have bald spots. In addition, Megumi Odaka, who re-introduced her role as Mickey, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears larger than her Disney imitator and acting style even more than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors feel that a screen of seventy feet is not big enough to show the emotions of a human face. I've done some acting for Japanese television and I can tell you, they're pushing you to do it. They obviously encourage their writers in the same way. Thank God.
