It's been about 14 years since Sharon Stone gave viewers the crossing of the legs that distorted the minds of many people. And now, God knows why, he's in the game again. "Basic Instinct 2" is a sequel to Erotic hit "Basic Instinct" with sexy stone and endangered Michael Douglas. However, the original fans may not even come close to this, as "Instinct 2" is painful to film the film, because central director Michael Caton-Jones is killing the legacy of the first movie. The film's action starts when a car explosion breaks out at the very beginning. Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone, trying to look very sexy) is suspected and appears to have been involved in murder. The psychiatrist (terrible David Morrisei) is named to be examined, but ultimately falls on an intimate game of seduction. And there is, without any further explanation, the basic force that drives this "instinct". "There is nothing to explain and we have to sit through the erotic C-Class film Sharon Stone plays in his first role in which most of the time is shutting down." "Part of this is because of amateur writing, careless direction and terrifying low chemistry." The film is packed with vulgar dialogues and even more sexuality (the recording was made so that it would not be rated as NC-17) than the first entry into the series. "Instinct" is a tempting torture. In addition, everything that the original movie made the guilty Happiness is not really in the movie anymore. The acting here is really bad Sharon Stow n has some stressful moments, but here, it becomes extremely unpleasant. David Morrisei plays the worst role in his life, and he seems to have never made more than two expressions in the movie - confused and excited. "Instinct 2" is a terrible way to the original series, which has managed to perform exceptionally well the erotic thrill, Paul Verhoeven, how I miss you ... "Basic Instinct 2" never sounded like a good movie, and it really was not . Some movies should never be pulled out of paper, and that's the feeling you received after watching this. Now it's much easier to figure out why Douglas and David Cronenberg gave up, and why Sharon Stone expected huge profits for this service.
