Space for Circle Two is intriguing. Forbidden love between sixty-year-old painter Ashley (Richard Burton) and fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable with respect to social standards. The problem with Circle Two is, however, that it does not fulfill its promise. The director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have thought more about the script. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a meaningless lecture on art, the exit where Sarah seemed to be more entertaining than Ashleigh, and the final scene was so artificial that her emotional influence was lost. This scenario makes good actors bad. So one can imagine how the film's problems deteriorated even more with the amateur film that Jules Dassin gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I did not believe for a moment that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Its performance looked superficially, as a contestant in the choice of beauty. As if she forced her to be happy, when the script demanded to be happy, and to be sad, when the script asked to be sad. The only scene I liked in her was at the very end when she did not say anything. It was probably the closest Tatiana Sarah Norton who had ever become realistic. But Tatum was not the only culprit. Ashleigh Richard Burton lacked charm, charisma, and complexity to attract even women of her age, let alone fifteen-year-olds. The rest of the actors were also sad. Even their controversy was unconvincing, as they were waiting to interchange. Who does it? Michael Vincott as a jealous former boyfriend Paul was probably the best thing in this film, but his role was small. In order to be honest with actors, Dasin's direction has put everything down; but it's also true that the big movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Runaway's Runaway Train left the scenes with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts who played prisoners. Directors of these films knew and used music to dramatize their films and discover something about the characters in them. Despite his own rating (the combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carla Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle Two never fails. In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an old man painter and a teenager is good, but her execution in the circle two is terrible. In many ways, the damage is that it's a controversial story of the Lolita type? which would most of the directors prefer to avoid for obvious reasons? they did not get a more intelligent treatment; that there was not written a letter that the actors would like to train; that actors who were devoted to their work or who had the talent to make their characters real, were not found; and director Jules Dassin (who did much better with films like Rifty and Topcap) did not have to retire and say: "Before we start shooting, we need to re-examine the love story and re-create the script." The only silver coat is that one day one day an intelligent film will be made about an older painter and teenager who falls in love. If such a film ever appears, it will surely cause controversy, debate and questions in the coming years.
