It's hard to describe this movie and we want to try to not reject it too fast because you have the feeling that it could be the perfect movie for a 12 year old girl ... This movie has a nice concept - a modern version Sleeping Beauti with craft. There are some pretty dreamy footage and some nice sketches about the relationship of a young man with his single mother and his school friend ... a nice start that you could say, but then it became a bit greedy, very greedy, trying to be a science fiction, drama, thriller , a romantic love story, fairy tale, comedy and everything under the sun. The result just left the audience pretty inadequate. For example, the scene when the girl (acted by Risa Goto) finally woken his (Iuki Kohara) kiss, instead of being romantic, it's an attempt to be scary to make us laugh later ... it's a cheap trick because it destroys all expectations and emotions that she tried to build for a better half of the film. I did not read the original story on which the film is based (it's a famous piece), the author of comics Osama Tezuka is famous for his intriguing and intricate stories. I wonder if all the problems exist in the original story or have they appeared in the adaptation? It is very illogical even for someone who has become accustomed to the "restless logic" of these Japanese comics. For example, how was the figure of Juki Kohar managed to get to the hospital at the moment (when he was supposed to travel for a long time by bus) to escape the character Rise Goto in front of the television cameras immediately after seeing her live interview Television? There are also some scenes that are directly copied (very non-creative!) from other movies and they all look pretty meaninglessly boring, i.e. The famous "mouth of the lioness of my hand" invokes from the "Roman holiday" The film tries to be everything, but ends up like nothing ... fails to be a fairy tale and did not have enough joke to be a comedy ... and it's strange that there are some scenes that even look like an unintended "spiritual" movie. However, he should be given the recognition that he has managed to empower some of the feelings of a Japanese teenager. Watching this movie I have the feeling that there might be some movies that should come with a warning label that says "this movie could only be suitable for people under the age of 18," that would certainly be on poster of this film. <br /> <br />
