That's the question you need to ask yourself when you're watching the movie "What was the purpose?" This film was nothing but an hour and a confusion with completely inaccessible people (it would not use the words actors) and a script that could be said to be nonexistent. One of the things that I most of all laughed in this film was the "Victorian story written", which means that there was actually a script for that part of the story. The entire section did not have a dialogue and consisted only of the images of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa. Make that part of the movie as a script on the camera at the train station. Okay, it's time for the story. It starts with a guy sitting on a chair and never getting out of it. Oh, blocking, who needs you? These reporters come to his house and are practically begging him to tell this story about these dead girls. The story begins in the Victorian era. and here's how the scene goes (Gui and the girl are in the field. The beautiful music starts to play) (the guy stares at the girl) (the girl looks at the guy) (the guy staring at the girl) cuts to the film. That's almost everything that happens about half the film. The rest of the film is incredibly inconvenient dialogue about a bunch of models who want to buy an apartment. So, this real estate agent shows them one and when I say that the dialogue is inconvenient, I think it was a dancer, he would travel during MACARENA. No character in this movie is cute. The models are incredibly irritating, people from Victoria do not speak, and the guy who tells the story has a sack's face. So in the end all girls are killed. And I'm dead, I mean the drug outside the screen. ooh. Have you shown a single death? And I mean death to hold her face until she puts on her lipstick? Avesome. HOW this guy even knows that this story confuses me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? There was no boy in that apartment! The door was locked without exit, the windows were attached to a fire exit that was too hard to work, how did he see it all? Oh, the land hole. we love you. So, the film ends with a journalist who says: "I think you made up. You lose our time," despite the fact that she was praying for an interview. Whatever. This film was stupid, meaningless, and it did not make sense with a lot of holes for the works. I could go further on this film, but I do not see the need. I'd rather spend my time doing something useful. It's like something bothering. "Hell's Threshold" is more in the purgatory with 2 stupid models. from 10.
