The model group seeks the apartment in which it lives, and is displayed by a local real estate agent. However, the models and the agent are not aware that the "hellish threshold" is in the apartment and when it is over, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all those who are on his way. The story was told by Sam Bishop, a journalist who was charged with murder. Although I am a supporter of a low budget, micro budget and independent films, I can not boast this movie. The creators are proud of their 24-hour shooting schedule, and at least one actor can boast DVDs of his acting power, but they can not turn to the head in this way. Why make a movie within 24 hours if the additional one or two hours of editing make a difference? And why are you proud of acting that's bad, meaningless and results in poor delivery of a handful of lines? Through most of the film, models are displayed as parts of an apartment by a real estate agent. The dialogue was obviously ad-licensed because no scriptwriter could have thought of such an empty dictation. The agent also clearly does not know anything about housing ... focuses on the aspects of the house that nobody could care about, wrongly explains the source of heat (does not see the radiator?) And he says the pest problem will be resolved when they call it "terminator ". Please write the script - some deviation is fine, but this was a mess. And why were the girls moving in the models? Their careers did not make sense in that plot, and it looks like a forced situation. At one point, the actress breaks the character and says something like the effect of "dude, they will be (disturbed)", which sounded more natural than any other line, although it is unreal because of another bad dialogue. The demon made no sense. I appreciate the attempt to explain how the "hellish threshold" jumps to random places on Earth (including fire chambers), but why not explain where the demon came from? His background involves a man whose love kills another man. How does that make you a demon? (Also, why do we need all these Victorian flashbacks without dialogue and look over the field? It was overwhelming.) Dramatic breaks between the lines were terrible. Sam Bishop's character was by far the worst, and the interviewer was not far away. Does each question require a break, a funny face, and an answer ... followed by a break, a funny face, and an answer? I was so frustrated. The only thing for me was to withdraw a timetable ... but I'd rather have thirty minutes of good delivery of an hour of terrible delivery (and then more time is lost by switching twice the same credits). /> Who was the character of Sam Bishop at all? Allegedly, "he saw everything" and was accused of killing girls, but he was still not in the story of the girls. How did he see them? And if he did not, how did he know Dethman killed them? And if he did not see Dethman, how does he know that Dethman is the spirit of the apostle? I was so lost ... were there even some drawings for the plot when this was written? The only part I enjoyed in this movie was the scene with one of the models in the bathroom. It was not that it was really important or anything, but it was the only pause of the boredom that I received. I wonder what director Felic Diaz thought. His music is very good (see the DVD behind the scene for his improvised gig), but I'm wondering about his skills in film making. Although the best part of the DVD was a trailer for his "Superhero Excelsior" (only the trailer was better than this loss of time). <br /> <br /> I'm sorry to have to be so rough. I would like to think that this film was a test of what can be done within 24 hours or maybe just an experiment for entertainment and the idea was to never make a quality movie. But if Superhero Excelsior is any indication, Diaz can make quality ... so why did he choose to avoid it here? Perhaps the world will never know.
