Watching Floored bi Love comes to mind almost immediately, "My God, this looks like a really bad sitcom." Of course, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that can start this autumn in Canada, the poor poor Canada. Cara (Shirlei Ng) and Janet (Natalie Ski) are the lesbian couple who live in Vancouver. Janet has already left her mother, but Karina's parents are still in the dark about her daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is on his own, although the parents come from Malaysia for the wedding of a younger brother. That same week, British Columbia legalized homosexual marriages. With Janet who wants to marry, Cara must decide whether she will tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Will it? Would you? Can she? The customs situation is contrary to the situation in Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse had just declared his homosexuality at the age of fourteen. His biological father, Daniel (Andrev McIlroi), is about to visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) feared that his chance to finally be fully accepted by Jesse would be jeopardized by the fact that Daniel was gay and that he was not. Will calling 1-800-Makeover help? Dialogue and delivery come directly from a small program from the 1950s, along with exaggerated physical feelings. Melodrama in Full House style is enough to get you occasionally fed up, and comedy attempts are largely unsuccessful. McIlroi, Millar & Ski are the only contractors to gain competence in this miscalculation, but given the material they have to work with, it's no surprise that nobody impresses. It's possible that camping was perfect. It often seems that there is no way that contractors are so bad, that they have to try to mimic the inferior sitcome of the old days. If that's true, then this consideration should be reworked. The transcription would focus on Floored bi Love, the bad and inefficient sending of old comedies. Writer / Director Desiree Lim composed a bland-fest in numbers that is completely forgotten. There was a time when the mere existence of an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a trace on the screen. That time is gone. And today we need quality.
