I sat through this film, expecting a film that inspired me to think. Instead, some of the least thoughtful arguments against the imaginary Christian religion were received. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving context, and in this way changes the meaning of the text. Jesus is cited as the commander of the extermination of those who do not listen to him, when, in fact, is the quotation from the parable that Jesus said, including the king who is then quoted. So the narrator seems to look like Jesus says one thing when he actually speaks a story in which one of his characters says it. This is dishonest in very obvious form. Is that what atheism can offer the world? This film also seeks to exploit the success of Christ's torment over Jesus Christ: the Superstar and the Last Temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention the fact that Passion was the oldest and most accurate film so far. He does not mention the fact that he actually loved the critics of the crowd. Then, in a series of violent paintings from Pasia, he redacted to show his attitude. Ironically, he does not mention The Tekas Chainsav Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays entertainment for entertainment, as opposed to a dramatic effect. more on this topic than him. All Christians interviewed were the average wanderers at Billy Graham's New York Crusade parking lot. The atheists who interviewed the film were prominent authors and scientists. He asked Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said that it began with the coming of the Holy Spirit to the disciples on Pentecost. What is true (Acts 2). He then comments, "is not it funny how few rare Christians know the origin of their faith?" and continues to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor man is convinced that Acts 9 take place before Part 2. More scams? Or is it simply ignorance? He also throws nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding on my account? 1. Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection as witnessed by the people (mentioned by Paul in the passage) for the Corinthians to wonder if they are in doubt! this is a 'documentary'. But because I do not have time or patience to go into all of them, I will skip to the end. Throughout the film, it is obvious that the narrator has an emotional revenge against her upbringing in the church. And the highlight of the interview is HIS PRINCESS CHILDREN! In the last attempt to deny Christian faith, the narrator tries to make a fool of someone who gave him a child as a child. Is that what goes on as an intellectual documentary for an atheist community? There are certainly intelligent Atheist filmmakers who can make a documentary that is not burdened with fictitious shit as "facts."
