First let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word of the atheist, well, but I do not like that word because it describes what I am not, not what I am), but I hate this "documentary." The production values ​​were almost non-existent, a premise that was very unstable and the whole thing looked like an exercise in the uncertainty of Brian Fleming. Production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming was at best an amateur director. The story sounded like he had just told a movie, and he did not train at all. There was a way to many ears and stopped when he was supposed to speak in the film. The animation was also pretty bad. The whole idea that the Jesus mythical figure is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I have already said, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that Jesus was a real man or said nothing of the existence of God. My personal view, Jesus probably was a real man, but he lived at a time when there were many masses (see Tiana's Apollonia) and that the stories of his life and preaching were expelled from the proportion that you received from his death. According to the Wikipedia article on the history of Jesus (and there is a good quote for that, it's garbage) "virtually all scholars in the field of Bible studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, baptized by John the Baptist, He was charged with the rebellion against the Roman Empire, and was ordered to be crucified by the order of the Roman governor Ponzi Pilat. [1] "At the end of the documentary, I wondered if this was more about director uncertainty than anything else. I wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The clearest example of this is the last interview with the headmaster of a religious school. It's not even persistent. The way bombs the teachers is unfair and, although I partly agree with the director, that the teaching of children about hellfire is a bad thing, the way Flemming faced the headmaster was inconvenient to watch. Flemming had a chance to get a good conversation if he was more tactful in his interview. Instead, he is aggressive with "Is it not bad to teach children these things." The guy shortened the interview and I think what he expected, the director says, "Oh, yes, I see that, I saw the light, this will now be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is refreshing about what he seems to be in his childhood. This is not a documentary, this is about Flemming's uncertainty and has nothing to do with the alleged topic of the documentary. Flemings shows what really works here, and this is the real decline of this so-called documentary.
