It did not seem to me that I remembered that Verhoeven's original pants - a shark - always seemed like a great, well-made novel from the airport to the airport. Exciting, sexy garbage, but still garbage. It was also a movie that fell into a particular sexual zeitgeist. After a decade of hysteria caused by anti-sexual AIDS, a film about wild sex sex that excites and kills to increase sexual satisfaction was a pretty tempting thing. Basic Instinct 2 will always struggle to ensure the same social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that these desperate attempts of disorder are so easy to ignore. All it really had to offer was that it was a thin veneer of titillation and a mildly attractive story and everything would be visible. The fact that she is so enthusiastic at such a great level, and in such a way as a career for everyone involved, it's really unusual to watch. Let's show it obviously for the beginning - Sharon Stone is too old for part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through Verhoeven's lens looks like a hedge clothed like a lamb in the hands of a pistol to rent Michaël Caton-Jones, which is flat, gray and static camera, making her undeniable beauty totally unnoticed. I like Sharon Stone very much, but if the first film started his career, BI2 could kill him. She does not have chemistry with stuffed T-shirt David Morrissey - their only scene of sex is too embarrassing to watch. The boy's face of my mother's face, which looked like a dough, made me want to dash with Michael Douglas's orange, oily skin. Support to David Thevlis and Charlotte Rampling is spending this fine actor on talkative exposure scenes and cliche-difficult positions. And what about the many promoted sexual manners? Poorly illuminated, briefly noticeable, as the ultimate mainstream as an episode of the Desperate Housevives - the European sensibility that has led Verhoeven to the sexual content of the first movie has been greatly missed. Do not watch this movie because of bodily excitement - there are no, and what exists is tragic. The film, as a whole, is bent to the extent that it is completely confused, boring and ridiculous. Especially for the last 40 minutes, when you came to the realization that the movie does not actually go to anyone of interest, they are especially exhausting and hilarious. As an unsuccessful sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will occupy a similar cinema as Ekorcist 2 The Heretic, Beiond the Poseidon Adventure and KSKSKS2. As a vanity project, he opposes Battlefield Earth in his misconception. As a piece of Hollywood filmmaking of millions of dollars, it's a travesty that will be hard at the top as the worst year.
