One of the most popular rental sites in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called God who was not there director Brian Fleming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based exclusively on the pagan tradition. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to uncover the long-held Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lived among people, was crucified and resurrected, Flemings compared Christ's story with the stories of cult figures Isis and Osiris to Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology, and Roman cults of mystery, such as mithraism, and finds many surprising similarities. In addition to his evidence of pagan cults, he also states that the earliest sources for Christ's story The Four Gospels were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus and that the letters of St. Paul show little evidence that Jesus figure of blood and flesh. Unfortunately, Flemming is not ready to spend the truth about the truth about Jesus' life, but to use the object only as a starting point for a complete attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews are with those who are philosophically aligned with the director, including recognized atheists such as biologist Richard Davkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are on the edge, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the Rapture Letters.com website and Ronald Sipus, director of the fundamentalist rural Christian school, whom Flemming attended as a boy. As Michael Moore's Charlotte Heston interviewed in Bowling Green for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus comes up in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us that the wrong Christianity was wrong with regard to the sun that revolves around the Earth, and then points to crimes committed in the name of Christianity, such as those of Charles Manson's cult leader who killed 11 people and Denu Schlosser, who She killed her. baby's hand for God. He also raises a statement from LaHaie and Jenkins that says Christians "await the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into a lake of fire, screaming and screaming." In order to turn us even further against Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clippings from Mel Gibson's Christ's torment, detailing in detail every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion of a very interesting topic, in the end, becomes childish rush and controversy against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit inviolable acts, he ignored such people as the Socialist Muriel Lester, the famous Christian pacifist, Rigobert Menchu ​​Tum, Indian Maya of Guatemala who helped find revolutionary Christians and won the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition her work for social justice, and Mother Theresa, whose work was about respecting the value and dignity of every individual. His most relevant argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults and he makes some good points, however, Flemming does not tell us that, although some aspects of these cults can resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or original materials for these cults before 300AD, long after the New Testament. It is also important to notice one big difference. The immediate aim of the initiated was the mystical experience that led them to feel that they had achieved unity with their God. This is an anathema for Christianity that believes that the church hierarchy, including priests and bishops to the Pope, must interpret God's will for mankind. Although I am not a Christian and I have some doubts whether Jesus Christ was actually a historical person, the truth is, in a long scheme of things, it may not matter. It is important that a message was sent to humanity and spread throughout the world that contributed to the spiritual evolution of humanity. Regardless of the violations and crimes that were subsequently committed in his name and many of them, Christianity is understood as a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical codex that has improved respect for our fellowmen. While I welcome the fact that the film was made and that a taboo topic is discussed, what is needed is not yet another attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but that it is understood as a common thread that can connect people around the world. Although there is room for discussion and discussion on religious topics, says Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in pure fraternity and mutual respect. A God who is not there is recommended only to those whose idea is a good time to destroy the religion of others.
