There are really no reasons to consider this much further because of several very obvious and biased statements. The perfect example is when the author of the film claims "Saul" or Paul of Tarusus (writer of the book of the Jews). He claims that there is no idea that Jesus is a human being, that this claim is either intentionally incorrect because he accuses others of being present, or does not know what the "Bible" says. First we can examine his erroneous claim about Hebrews 8.4; which shows the quotation "If Jesus was on earth, he would not be a priest", so it just here places the ignorant and uninvited viewer to accept his false premise .. why? He does what most of the so-called Bible believing people charge for work, the same ... It's taking things out of context. Verse one of the Jews is 8; 1. "Now, from what we have said, it is a sum: We have such a great priest, which is set on the right side of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens." Context above Clearly speaking of Jesus who was on earth and ascended to heaven after his alleged resurrection. It has nothing to do with how the filmmaker wants the viewer to get it out of context. Here, he offers the foundation, that "Paul was not aware of HIS Jesus, but only one in" heaven "traces? To see if the director is an honest Hebrevs 7; 14 "It is obvious that our Lord is from Judah; about which tribe of Moses did not say anything about the clergy. "Heh, is not the director just quoting a Jewish writer trying to show the writer of that book that he does not have any knowledge of" human Jesus "? probably Pavle wrote the Jews, but I will not enter it here, but the film maker claims that Paul did so, and this is the premise of the point given here. It's not like this movie director does not create decent points in certain areas, he does, but he goes into the same the blind bias of the religion on which he relies, he throws out, and the film is no longer a documentary, but a personal opinion, and the bias of the filmmakers, nothing ISE, nothing less.
