The life of Jack London certainly was enough for a dozen films about his various aspects. Still, it's sad to say that for him in life was used some war propaganda work that best marked some of the most disadvantaged parts of its character. When he died, he wrote some of the best stories. He wrote about what he knew, but wrote it the same way as all others who bring their luggage with their own life experience. Some of these experiences in the second day and time would have been condemned as racism. But this was the Second World War and London was a great believer in the 'yellow dangers' that they called her in the day. Two thirds of the film covers his life as an author, we see his year. as a seafarer from where he got inspiration for Sea Wolf. We see him in Iukon in a mining cabin with a dog that no doubt was his inspiration for The Call of Vild. London was able to capture the spirit of the adventure that his own life was on the right paper to enjoy the world ever since. The last third dealt with his time as a war correspondent covering the Russian-Japanese Var. London was a socialist, but his socialism did not include people who were oriental. Like several million others, it has seen a growing immigration of Chinese and Japanese people to our Pacific coast as a threat to white jobs. He advocated a strict immigration policy for the Orientalists. Film puts the car in front of the horse. London was portrayed as the man he was watching because he was available in the Russian-Japanese war as Japanese ambitions, and for that reason he was as xenophobic as he did. In fact, the types of crimes present in World War II did not exist during the Russian-Japanese conflict. Japan had its own imperial ambitions, but also everyone else, including the United States at the time. But our immigration policy caused by the pressure of our politicians on the West Coast was a major factor that contributed to the deterioration of relations with Japan over several generations. London was part of the cause, not the prophet who cried in the wild. This film was Samuel Bronston's first independent production that later recorded some films with a little more budget than Jack London. That Bronston could have received more money than James Cagney or Spencer Tracy, both of which would be right for that role. Instead, they got Michael O'Shea who filmed his second film after Ladi of Burleskue. O'Shea is fine, but surely she was not a cashier. While London covers the war, she meets with Captain Tanaka, played by Leonard Strong, an actor specializing in the Orientalists, and played them a lot in World War II. From the perspective of 1905 Powerful contours in the best Fu Manchu tradition of Japanese imperial goals, up to the takeover of the United States at the end. He must have exaggerated with a bunch of swings. Of course, much has been omitted from London, including the first woman. Playing the second and only wife in this movie is Susan Haivard, who just comes in when she's half finished. I wish we had seen her more. Charmian Kittredge London survived his wife for nearly 40 years in 1955. O'Shea actually met and married a leading lady of his life at Jack London. Virginia Maio plays a minor role in Jack London and is married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973. Maybe we'll one day get a glimpse of Jack London who will be much better than this one.
