Eleonora, who was born in Italy, inherited the late lover Karl an ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. Winter is also introduced to the mysterious guardian of Leslie, who ultimately ends up not only looking after the house, but also at Eleonora while trying to adapt to his new environment and growing attraction between the couple. What did I expect? Indeed, the thriller, but not so. It's just a commercial on the package for you! I'm pretty confused about everything. Title, story and motivation. So how to classify it? Well, this wooden characteristic drama is a more enigmatic, curious romantic story of alienation, possession, and addiction that is involved in the complicated passionate relationship of two masked individuals. The co-writer (along with Villiam Dafoe) and the art house film directed by Giade Colagrande is too clinical, remote and calculated with his mysterious metaphorical story, leaving you to question what all this really means? Although suddenly a surprising conclusion is, you will think why I would actually care. The thing we pass through is senseless with the difficult exposure of dead air that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many unpleasant events, but they have a greater effect on lead experience, because it is never deep enough. As he believes he is. Sexually salty activities that are filtered are never convinced and far from erotic. They are some type of hammer in anyway, a lively flow. The plot base makes something interesting and fresh, but it's never fulfilled, and I thought there would be more to it, and then all that gloomy retention. Colagrande's course is professionally fashionable and appropriately dark to want to imagine, but it all feels like it's in a slow motion and can catch admiration with the same views. Most shares remain in one location ?? House. The camera is heavily tightened, but a lousy musical score can be a bit funny when it comes to some dramatically puzzling musical characters that serve little sense and purpose for scenes. Giada Colagrande plays him sensually and Villiam Dafoe is sleeping. Looks like the dog is tired! While Seimour Cassel, he pushed his head there. Where it moves, that's what anyone assumes. Well, that's if you can wait. I think that I will give him the benefit of suspicion, because definitely not what I expected of this indie film.
