I respect Alec Coka, the director. He is like a kid in a school who you think he initially only strives to be a "different" literary punk rocker who is more than his feet in the spaghetti of western science and science fiction and the culture of the bat. The world is ready to intertwine ... but then you see what he can actually do, talent and raw feverish art and moments of real absurd cheerfulness capable of him, and you are ready to see what he has to offer. . But there are two sides of his betrayal: he can or really throw him out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Valker arguabli), or just try just a little too hard and pull too pretentious rabbits from the hat (Right to Hell). Death and compass fall into this second category, and while I respect her (mostly) the original approach to dealing with the detective-killer story, it also falls on his face and his strangeness becomes strangely boring. Erik Lonro is searching for a killer with a voice of fire, a Red, and it seems that the killer leaves unsettling traces to his victims: blood-soaked on the walls are messages which, according to witnesses, Alonso Zunza (Christopher Eccleston looks like he just got out of the shallow tomb without changing the appearance) has a religious significance in the kabal. We follow Lonnroth in his case, and his methods of moving towards the perpetrator, which include tracking on a triangular map and then a compass pattern on the map - despite the protests of the stunned Commissioner Treviananus (Miguel Sandoval), who also looks back in the flash-forward sitting at the table and speaking to the audience in the distorted but sad descriptions of their former employee and colleague after the fact of the case. Oh, Cock has moments of creativity and interest, such as a clip in which we see the full range of deep depths of the police station where Ecclestone's character is pulled by foxes ("For his own protection" says Lonnrot in case he is lost in the wrong room) and we were following in a long recording - perhaps the best or only the most interesting - where we went through very dark corridors with a very small direction, lost in the maze of turning and strange among the characters. And it is never something that is not fascinating * to look * with the cinema of Miguel Garzon morbid enjoyment. But the plot goes through the hoola-hoops to make things so out of the rhythm so that they can still win. The performances, except for the confident Boil and the Ecclestone at the very end, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be turning around in his seat reciting a silly dialogue that gave him talk to the audience. While the plot of murder contains the intent of the audience that this is not something we have seen before, that it is in a society with a lot of clutter and architecture that suggest Alphaville's next wave of waves, and that is very quickly lost. What is the conflict? I've never been so busy with Boile's personal mission to find that killer, and only gently caught in several flash disrupted scenes of the killer (and / or murderers) who went to people as in the building at the very beginning (Cock himself had) fun. And just when I began to think that it leads to something spectacular, with Boile and Excelon in that large ("not so big") building in the southern part of the city, we suddenly give "TVIST" to us, we know that in the background of our minds comes, but hopefully It is not, and it deflates any of the boring mysteries she has led. For all of Cocks's incredible touch as a director, for all his opposition to feeding spoons "conventional" approach, which I respect, Death and Compass eventually cut one on the brain; It's masturbation.
