The only reason The Norliss Tapes deserves ANY star is the presence of Angie Dickinson in the acting team. Apart from looking at Angie Baba in pre-police performance, there's nothing worthwhile to look at here. SINOPSIS: *** SMALL SPOILERS ** * David Norliss is forced to write a book on Supernatural. One day, he mysteriously disappeared after calling his publisher and suggesting that he came across something that put him at risk of death. The entire series written by this poor pilot allegedly was supposed to be a series of flashbacks through the "Norliss tape" - a set of audio cassettes that the writer recorded while investigating supernatural cases. In the pilot episode, a rich sculptor dies - but not before he bought an ancient Egyptian scaraby ring from a local occultist who assures him that the ball will give him immortality after death. Soon, we discover that the ring does not give immortality. Instead, he only revives the body of the sculptor, allowing him to escape from his crypt so he can run around town, separating beautiful girls from all their blood. Since the last time you watched the "Scooby Doo" caricature, the sculptor attacks his wife (Dickinson) a dark night. She escaped and, through a common acquaintance, contacted Norliss to help him deal with the mystery behind the unusual reappearance of her late husband on her estate. So, is this guy a vampire? Not. There is no vampire in this story despite what you may have read or heard. The sculptor does not drink the blood of his victims - he is more expensive. How? I do not know. We only see him attacking, not collecting. Why? Fill in the second part of his offer of immortality. It turned out that the reanimated sculptor would be allowed to live forever if he built a statue of a demon called Sargoth in a natural size from a mixture of clay and human blood. When it's over, Sargoth plans to get into the statue, using it as its entry into our world. FINAL ANALYSIS: The "The Norliss Tapes" was not picked up as a series for a very good reason ... it was garbage. As you can see from my synopsis, the story is an insignificant, poorly conceived mess. Operation and dialogue offer nothing better. This is not even a candidate for the "So Bad It Good" award. Sometimes it's bad just bad. After years of listening to underground thunderstorms about the great merit of "The Norliss Tapes", I was very excited to see him on Fok Movie Channel 10/15/03. I wish I had not decided for the autumn. After I first showed up this jam out two days ago, I can only assume that all the applause you have heard so far from other IMDB reviewers coming from those who are considering the show based on vague memories and nostalgia of young people . Or perhaps they are simply loyal fans of Dana Curtis. Either way, they offered you misleading reviews "The Norliss Tapes". Pauli Orchid - October 17, 2003
