God, what's going on? Uve Boll movie and positive comments? Wow! It's nice to note that most positive reviews come from novice to Bol's work. I, as I said in previous Uwe Boll reviews, just watched his films in the hope that one day they will really do something good. I mean ... MUST DATE ONE DAY! <br /> <br /> Aye, Seeds are not that day. I do not know exactly where to start with the chromatic attempt of a horror movie that is Seed. The thing to remember is that all patients in the world are such because they watched various illnesses on the video or network ... or so g. Boll believes. I still can not understand why images of actual abuse and killing of animals were necessary in the first 10 minutes of this film. I understand the concept that Seed is sideways and enjoys watching such things ... but he can not understand why Mr. Boll would think that REAL's recording of the film would work. Maybe we shake it? Hmmm ... well, for one I'm not an actor and I can stand to see anything on the movie. Although, I do not think that the use of the right image of cruelty to animals is fun. If you tried to shock me, that did not work. It just reminded me that the world was messy because such things are happening because Uwe Boll is allowed to continue filming. Such a context may have worked for films of the 1970s and '80s (Hollywood for cannibals), but not for today's market. make the movie very cheap, like BloodRaine 2. You can only say that there was not a huge amount of money to produce. As usual, g. to create a decent story while treating boring videos of police officers who watched various video footage of Seed victims in the first 25 minutes. Each of these videos ends with an accelerated breakdown of the victim. Everything is very boring and tedious. I will not comment on the scene of a small child because it is funny and just another inexplicable shock factor. If you manage to sit down for the first 25 minutes then you will be treated by policemen who are going through a very dark house to catch Seed. Lighting is terrible and Uve has an old 'I do not use a constant cam' fiasco that he did with BloodRaine. This scene is soooo bloody stupid, you must see it believe. The policeman actually tells Seed he could kill him. For some unknown reason, a cop does not shoot him. Given that Seed is a sikko who kills children as adults, he would have thought at this moment in a letter to overthrow that meaning. cops bury a live seed (and they know that he is alive .. why do not you kill him in the head ???), and then the seed leaves the country, then he kills an accidental woman with a hammer and then kidnaps a Policaj's family. What I'm trying to get with you here is that it's just STUPID! It's not even Hollywood's horrible dread ... just stupid. Uve Boll can not manage ****. Anyone who has any taste would agree with that claim. Anyone who watches this movie and thinks they are entertaining it in any way or form must seriously be viewed as a person. Once again we are treated with a bad acting, directed, illuminated, produced, scripted part of UB shit.
