Uwe Boll's name automatically connects with a bad horor / cult movie and every new film that releases? Which is about two, three years a year? immediately gets negative reviews and sharply criticized. You're almost tempted to think that this is just a modern mortgage. You know, it's like it's popular to hate Uwe Bolla if you love his films or not. Just to make sure this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and is quite a real threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another of the worst proofs. Here Boll is so desperately trying to come up with a controversial and shocking fact that he overlooks a number of other elements that every movie essentially needs to exist, such as plot, narrative structure, character development, tension building? "Seed" is a disgusting movie full of impeccable dirt and incapable recording. Once I read that "Seed" is an interpretation by Uwe Boll about today's popular trend of Torture Porn Swing, but it's not nearly as close. The movie undoubtedly lends some of the effects of "Sav" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another stupid slasher with indestructible killers and violence in video games. The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are boring and in fact only confirm all the obvious things that you already knew would happen. You see, Boll was stupid enough to start his film with (hyper-quick) scrolling a text that explains that there is a federal US law that claims that sentenced prisoners must be released if three attempts to kill them electrically. So you know that it will happen later, but the first three quarters are in vain being spent on catching a serial killer and bringing it to an electric chair. Seed is a dumb serial killer who allegedly slaughtered 666 victims (much exaggerating?) Who wears a bag over his head. He watches images of animal cruelty in real life (and that's why we're watching images of animal cruelty in real life, thanks for that to Mr. Boll) and we're recording people as they slowly fall apart in their basement (including a crying baby that's really sick and weird). When finally caught, during the worst and unbelievable police search ever shot, and sentenced to death, the film becomes even retarded. Having buried him alive, because an electric chair could not be fried, Mak Seed returned to the surface and went on a completely new killing; this time mostly focuses on the people who arrested him and executed him. The meaningless turn of the poster and the complete lack of depth of the stories in this film go so far as to be just poor; they are completely furious and insult the level of intelligence of the average fanatic of the horror. Multiple turns and subgroups in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept by the rational functioning of the human mind because they are simply too stupid! No one believes that police and prison staff will only bury the mass killer of the living without shooting a few bullets in the head. No one will accept that a prisoner who is on the run can not be found for another six months, even though he returned straight into the same hideout where he was caught for the first time! "Seed" is full of retarded little things like these and the film gets dumber with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that the actors and members of the team did not notice it. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply ignores all the tips and criticisms, and only stubbornly makes his own movies as he wants. I imagine his things like "keep quiet and do as you are told" to his actors whenever you notice that the recording they make does not make any sense. Just for the entertainment of people harassment, there is a gigantic long-lasting string in which Mak Seed hits the old lady to death with a hammer while tied to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of the shocking, as Boll intended to be, this masterpiece sequence unites as a pathetic and disgusting controversial whole movie in fact. "Seed" is terrible, disgusting, sad, that's ?? Boll.
