Brief version: Seed is not worthless. It's just derivative and inferior. And soulless. Long Version: If you've never seen any of the movies that contain an unclearly defined genre of "psychological horror", this movie will probably melt your face. Maybe not, but it will give you a good burnout. The beginning of assembling a real animal abuse will be enough to open your eyes to the possibilities of brutality on the video, and the (only) unforgettable scene above in the movie may be more than you can. The highlight will be played with your emotions in a way that may not have any other movie. But that's if you do not have much experience with the genre. If you have seen the right thing ... "The Poking of the Augustan Underworld", for example, you, as I did myself, it is terribly difficult to stay awake until the end of the film. Other reviewers compared this with old video performances. I understand this comparison. As video nasties, "Seed" is more violent than the mainstream horror film and less subtle. But the reason why video nasties are still known is not only because of the above reasons - those who were still popular had something special. Let me be ambiguous, I think you will understand: those who are stuck have a "soul". -ish DVD: "... we will never have more of these films, because technology has surpassed imagination today, and technology is cold." So many things will disappear because small films like this will no longer be produced. "Today we have great, extraordinary tricks that are very expensive, but they are cold. "Today horror, a terrorist film of this kind costs more than a million dollars. These films were not so expensive ... they are real effects, made with our hands." It may be wrong to take such a serious approach to comparison with an old school horror. But Crisanti hit a nail on his head. Even in seemingly exploitative, the best video nasties dealt with the primitive "truth." And this is where Boll is not satisfied. Like he watched movies and did not understand them. Everything on the checklist there is ... BS on a "statement about humanity," an indecent scene of torture, etc. But that's what Crisant says, "cold." Up is CGI. The whole thing seems to be that the scenes are made up of other films of different genres. And pacing is soooooo slow. Man, so slow. Another interesting note: one scene up really reminded me of the video game. In any case, enough BS. Veak movie.
