Over the past year, Uwe Boll has shown a marginal improvement as a director, discharging a competent "In the Name of the King" ("Lord of the Rings" clone) and proudly vulgar post-9/11 satire "Postal." But then came "Seed" the counter is set to Zero, retaining its bid for legitimacy and respect that is far from reaching. And am I a fan of this guy? His films show a unique vision of stupidity, and they are never boring. Being grown out of his frustration for the wild remarks his early films received, "Seed" is a colossal mischief of social commentary, and an even bitter blow in the creation of iconic mythological mythology (It seems that Boll often takes the page from Rob Zombie who successfully re-launched "Halloween"). The antagonist is Makvell Seed (Vill Sanderson), a silent, brutal brutal who killed 666 people and sat on the death penalty, waiting for the execution; after the unsuccessful frying of the beast, he rises from the grave to avenge himself on those who have put him there ... and so begins the complete impeccable massacre. Trying to create a new millennium of Veil Michael Majers or Jason Voorhees, Mak Seed is far too incomprehensible and boring to leave the impression, in the end it looks like a weary professional wrestler working "Tool kills" on a series of equally boring victims. Moreover, Seed's character and Bol's "message" contradict one another: the death penalty is wrong, of course, but is it really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer who left a couple of hundred corpses in his watch? I do not think so. In the meantime, Michael Pare behaves like an unsettled, long-lost brother of James Remar's character on the "Deck": a cop who sits a lot at his desk, scrolling through newspaper clips, and looking at senseless scenes of stop-motion decomposition of animals and people trapped in Seed's den. While he and the crowd of Cardonian policemen storm Seed's hideout, the order is so drawn out, poorly conceived (illumination almost does not exist), and unimpressive (despite a healthy dose up) that has almost put me in touch Poor film production is not limited to that set : "Seed" seems to have been shot by a drunken cameraman, since the camera is constantly floating and so, a technique that is more of a stomach turning itself up; these long-lasting traces of a very small event only draw attention to winding, almost non-existent narratives. In 90 minutes, the film is widespread enough to be considered a form of torture, which may have been Bola's intention. Pure genius ... I guess it's a joke on me.
