First ... I never considered myself Uwe Boll Hater because I think I never saw one of his films, but after seeing this cheap excuse for the movie "Seed" (which is the serial killer's name) I'm close to joining a hate club. This movie makes no sense at all ... the plot is a joke and although Boll obviously tries to get the attention of shocking people, 90% of this movie is simply boring. You can summarize this film as follows: 1. The hooded killer watches the clips of animals that tortures on the TV. This is the real life footage of a fur farm and the film opens with a ridiculous reason to "declare about humanity" and to be the fifth address. Since this film has no message and the worst is a piece of porn-exploitation of torture, you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning. 2. Death from an electric shock with an excuse to give away what is happening later in this film printed on the screen, so that every retard gets it. 3. The cops watch videos of animals, babies and women who are starving and decaying in the Seeds basement, have stupid nightmares and cry in their whiskey, because the Seme is so bad. Although the acting is fine, the movie dives every time it tries to incorporate any emotions ... 4. The policemen kill the Seed in his house, stupid and broken in the dark. This sequence reminds me of a video game, you can hardly see anything but the lamp. The seed is a super killer that's all over the place and all the cops behave stupid enough to be killed ... unless someone catches it. 5. Seed gets a chair and his electric shock is as long as anything else in this "movie" ... he will not die and we recall the introductory statement that he must be released if he survives 3 electric shock . Guess what ... they just live it to solve the problem. 6. The seed leaves the grave, kills everything in the other part and then asks the chief officer to retaliate. 7. The woman hits the hammer in an endless series from one point of view just because of the fun and shocking value. 8. The seed seizes the family of a cop, it takes him to his house, threatens to kill his wife and daughter. After killing his wife with a nail gun, a police officer shot himself in the head as it is what Seed wants (it's difficult to get into that head because he not only wears a mask even in jail but never speaks the word. the movie barely has any dialogue, so you have nothing against. 9. Boll goes for a nihilist shock point where Seed locks a daughter with her dead dad to rot as the person we saw on the video on the sequence 3. It's ... there is no message, no plot, no reason, no face behind the mask, no wallpaper except stupid stories that it's eed burned up as a child. This movie relies solely on a few key scenes and their shocking value. I can hardly remember a movie that was empty of any emotions or messages or fun as if you were watching August Underground. ... that's fine with me, some people will enjoy this stupid shame. But what's really hard to withstand is pseudo-message at the beginning and the fact that the movie is well made with regard to work with the camera, the effects, and even The action is too good for this celluloid waste. So how does Boll get the money to make such "movies" when thousands of talented directors work on modest budgets? "Seed" is not just the essence of the funny, his living proof that the free market is wrong ... happy Uve that a German taxpayer pays much waste to get deductions.
