Think for a moment about how to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in those places where Jack Nicholson said 'you do not talk about at parties,' Boll knows that David Lean had ears as a child who had more talent for filming films than him. The top whores, metal heads and the socially non-functional can strike it in a circle and tell it differently, but the general audience finds the theatrical steering output so devoid of originality, wit, or imagination to become an internet babe? online discursive synonym for photochemical excretion. Boll does everything in his power to overcome these skeptics, taking advantage of tax incentives available in Germany and Canada to continue working and collecting money from a dental network like Zero Mostel working with the old ladies in the producers. The difference is that Mostel's character knew that he had real intestines. Maybe Uve knows it. Such is the level of hostility toward every new Bollbuster that IMDb sponsors sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they see it. The painful attempts to silence his critics by causing them to a boxing match and destroying them only made them more decisive. Indeed, he is probably the only film maker who has increased the sale of thesaurus as critics seek inventive ways of describing garbage. This attack made Uvea a very thick man, so much that he must feel like a wicker carpet, but one who feels like being harassed by the whole world. Like most people in this situation, he is struggling, determined to upset as many people as possible by remembering a teary evening in which the Variety's House of the Dead is never too far from the surface. This "I know that you are, but what is I," the strategy for restoring the initiative has produced a blunt satire of mail, which tried to disarm the dissidents with the jokes of September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a litany of the invective demand of a satirist with the mind of Peter Cook, and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but the closest to Boll any of the men is about their last name. In Seed, he shot back to the back with the aforementioned adaptation of the game, Boll returned with a story about a Sadistic serial killer (is there another type?) who gets a chair for only two attempts to fail to permanently limit all signs of life. Bearing in mind the fictitious law that says that someone is alive after three attempts must be freed, even though you were fried with so much electricity for doing so, you have declared him legally dead and buried it, only that an unsatisfied killer appears on the surface. and we started the tour of his rangers. Boll begins her "research of nihilist rage" with shooting images of animals tortured for experimental purposes. From here we are dealt with by the killer? kidnapping of dogs, babies and adult women, and allowing them to starve to death on the camera just to become red food. We are invited to think about what kind of a distorted race of amoral meat bags is? our inhumanity towards each other and our close creatures acting as a lighting rod acting as a catalyst for the most distasteful remnants of the human condition. Yes, we are worthless, sinless sadistic and worse than that, we will not give Uve a good rating on the IMDb. In short, humanity is a bearer. Of course, you can think that Uve relies on our worst excesses for your life and, bearing in mind that this is a little bipolar work, on the one hand hates its audience and positively basting in acidic milk of human goodness ? the milk that the poor old Boll had to drink for as long as he sprang out his members at once and invited those with a pornographic craving to enjoy ruin on his screen in his clean, thick ass. The result does not say anything about society and its dissatisfaction, the more corrosive the bad print effect has on its director. Poor Uva is obviously a very angry man? One scene in which a poor woman gets her brains in the porridge while she is tied up with a chair is without a doubt a surrogate for her own fantasy of uploading various web critics. Whether it is here, but takes an avant-garde approach by not being related to any kind of narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornography whose happiness is to engage in the lust of his audience and knows that the plot is surplus to the demands. He made a film that was competently recorded, but completely empty. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not funny," Boll told the audience at the world premiere of the film, and he, on the bad manuscript, managed to, but if it was to convince the editorial staff that he is a serious genre, he needs to say something honestly, as well as a better, more original way of saying it.
