The "National Treasure" (2004) is completely misleading with the complication of complications borrowed from almost every cloak and government's conspiracy plot ever written. The film is played by Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how valuable is this, I ask you?); a seemingly normal guy who, for any other reason, because he was in the line of the mindset of misguided hunters of chance, decides to steal the "national treasure" hidden by the founders of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background that laugh (inadvertently) playing like Indiana Jones and Patriot, the movie turns into a wrong gir after the other? trying to create 'Stanlei Goodspeed' regurgitation of Nicholas Cage and trigger all that bent mess with a series of high octane, but unrelated accidents. The relevance and logic of George Washington and his crew of patriots who bury the royal ransom somewhere on their mother's ground, and then, through a pedantic plan of leaving traces scattered in American artwork, something that the director Jon Turteltaub has never completely clarified. Was Washington could not find better use for such wealth during the country's work? So, there remains a mystery built on the top of the enigma that is already on the clammy ground when Ben calls himself a new guardian of this untold wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? if confusing. He's ready to protect the treasure. For whom and when your assumption is as good as mine. But there are several problems with Ben's crusade. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can not wait for Ben to decide on the theft of the Declaration of Independence from the State Archives (oh, that's a great idea!). It is assumed that on the back of this famous document a secret answer to the ultimate fortune. Ian is trying to kill Ben. The assassination attempt, of course, is unsuccessful, if it is excessively melodramatic. Also, Ben has the opportunity to pick up, and choose a very passionate curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Does Ben think he's obviously crazy? at least in the beginning. But the true form of action / romance, Abbina's resolve is melting faster than you can say, "is it Diamond Hope?" The movie goes into full X-File mode, as the FBI mistakenly believed that Ben was behind theft, to revenge a variety of benign modes leading to multi-layered action sequences that resemble Mission Impossible encountering a fugitive. Honestly, did not these guys ever get "intelligent" information that's correct? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a great film recording, how much it's a patchwork rehash of tired old pieces of other films, stamped out of notes like IL's blushing Betsi Ross. /> Buena Vista DVD brings far more treatments than this movie earned. An anamorphic widescreen picture shows a very smooth and fine detail with very rich colors, natural tones of meat, solid black and pure white. The stylized image is also without stain and digital enhancements. The sound is 5.1 and offers a nice sound boom to the side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The additions include a multitude of promotional material for socializing that is quite deep and at the top in explaining how and why this film was made. If only as an audience, we had more explanations of why Ben and Co were. they were hurrying for illusory treasures, maybe it was a good movie. The attachments conclude with a theater trailer, audio comments and deleted scenes. Not for the weak? just a fat head.
