Last night I watched this movie on one of the pai-per-viev channels, and while I watched it, I quickly wondered why it bothered me. Frankly, I really expected something more than this movie. Maybe something like the 'Theory of Conspiracy'. Why? Maybe because of casting. After all, Nicolas Cage and Harvei Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they were tortured? But instead of an absorbing drama about the action mystery, I caught myself in the trap of the stupidity of the stupidity "The Goonies," which, to my great surprise, received some real critical praise. Perhaps this is because 'The Goonies' was clearly aimed at the pre-teen and teen audience. While the "National Treasure", according to reviews, seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience. Suspension of unbelief is one thing. So you can enjoy the sci-fi and horror. But I found myself resisting the accumulated spoons of paranoid and deliberately charged crowd that was pushing the audience. Oh, the scriptwriter threw around all the jargon he was intending to lead to feelings of serious engagement. "Wow! Masoni, Knights Templars. You know, this could indeed be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the founders of the Father hid the treasure to keep him outside the hands of the British! Where did the Knights Templars come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! It's a long way to explain how he ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It was brought by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, see what I am. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think that it succeeded as a serious mysterious drama. But it just separates itself as another child in the clothes. In the end, I think that it requires the audience to simply not stop believing, but to offendly get into ignorance. I just finished watching a few items by Verner Herzog and István Szabá. The shock is shifted from a fine meal to Hollywood Big Mac and French fries. Okay, okay. If you are overwhelmed by hooks, explosions and 'gee-vhiz' gimmickers, you will enjoy the 'National Treasure'. But it's kind of a movie, well, have you ever stood in front of the cinema waiting to enter until the previous audience is coming out? And all the young children talk in aroused among themselves and say things like, "Wow! Did you see how this thing exploded? That was so cool!" 'National treasure' is such a film.
