Nick Cage is Gates, a treasure hunter (oh, excuse ... a mild "protector", whatever that means) who is a descendant of a long string of hunters on treasure. One of his ancestors received a clue as to where the great treasure of our Father's founders is, and most, if not all Masons, decided to hide because they just did not want to finance their independence all that bad. It turned out that the first trail in a long-lost ship hidden in the Arctic. Gates and his crew, made by financier Ian (Sean Bean), Movie Dork Riley (Justin Bartha of the immortal "Gigli") and a couple of impersonal lacquers, enter the cargo space of the ship. They immediately emit a ton of gunpowder on the floor, not that it is significant in any way. In the end, they found a clue (the skeleton floating above it) and turned out to be a writing tube ... on it. Somehow. Do not ask me to explain to you. It's a riddle, and despite the fact that his expedition is obviously not rude to find the right treasure, Gates wanders around the meaning of the riddle in this frozen cargo space, while the crew just stands in a relaxed jaw. I mean, come on. Someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment that he even came to the Arctic and did not find anything interesting, but they just stand there until Gates enters his world, solving a riddle. It turned out that the next track on the Declaration of Independence. Ian decides to steal it. Gates is horrified. Different characters deliver obvious exposure (habit). All this leads to Ian's servant who pulls a pistol at Gates, and a bullet in a big explosion. (Oh, that's why they spilled the whole gunpowder! Hah!) Ian and his companions are running away, and Gates and Movie Dork Riley walk nine miles in temperatures below zero in the Inuit village to stop them. To stop them, Gates ends after he tried the FBI and Super Archivist Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger), Gates and Riley have to steal it himself. Riley then tells Gates in terrible details why he can not steal the Declaration because he is so protected by metal and laser eyes and high technology blah blah. Then Gates tells Riley that there is a possibility of being stolen from the room for preservation. Does Riley know what a room to preserve, asks Gates? "Where do they make jams and want?" I'm not kidding; it's the right line. Bartha does not deliver him as a joke. Riley does all this research on the Congress Library and Archive, runs and sewers, fercriinoutloud, but does not know what a room to preserve. This largely indicates the level at which the script is included. To make the rest of this short, Gates actually wins with D-I, in a funny breakthrough that can only happen in a movie. (I also hate the way they display computer monitor technology in movies - full of incredible and impractical graphics and fonts.) Abigail Chase ends with labeling for convenience, and as an obvious "interest of love." At one point, the three of them, in flight from the law, discuss their plans very loudly in the clothing store, surrounded by people. The string of abductions and abductions by Gates father, played by dispassionate Jon Voight, leads good guys and bad guys alike in the huge entertainment house of Indiana Jones that is beneath New York City. It's strange that the metro builders have never found this thing. Gates and Gates Senior are hunting for wild geese. Ian believes they were trapped in a dead end and left them there. However, after leaving, Riley asks how to get out. Gates ... ... oh boi ... ... press the button and the door opens. No, I'm serious. A button, as you could have on a vacuum toilet in a business building. It's good that he knew where it was. After all, after some overturning, they find this huge room with mildew (remember, this is all below Manhattan!) Full of all kinds of historical golden things. Riley gets a really stupid line. Again. And the FBI officer, Harvey Keitel, forgave them, arresting Sean Bin, and allowing two pen-less pens to marry. logic, and stereotyped characters for a very long time. Although some of his exhibitions include beautiful lessons from history inserted into a random interview. I'd like more of these conversations in my life.
