John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for the film is any indication. His excuse was that he just produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arley Jover, probably all fit into the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say who was sweeter in the anorexic ramp model. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two girls of the vampire on the other side are all cramps and complaints. At one point they are ready to give each other a wet kiss, but they stop. It's amazing how every movie about vampires has some kind of moring for the proper vampires. At one point, Arli Jover provides felation to a very stupid vampire hunter, and then slaughters blood while doing a sexual act. It would be an erotic moment, except that it was shot as a total fool, and the male actor looked slightly fun while he watched Arley Jover move his head to mimic something that obviously does not happen. As for the above, a few heads were torn off, and the blood abated. These scenes have so little uncertainty or accumulation that when they happen, it's almost funny, and there is no "horror" of payouts from the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is the feeling of "Wow, that must have been a lot of red paint that scattered on the walls. I wonder who needs to clean it." Through the movie, these vampire hunters who obviously try to kill Arley Jover (the world's top vampire?) Keep coming closer to her. At one point, Bon Jovi goes to an abandoned church and after having just shot it (and he did it on other occasions), says: "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you. I want to meet you. "HUH ?? Of course, stupid vampire Arley jumps to greet, and Bon Jovi is holding him again with another device for impalation. "Why can not we be friends", the VAR song from the 1970s should have been the theme for this film. In addition to all other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has all her vampire blood, and people from the city agree to donate blood for her transfusion. I suppose the blood group is not important? In any case, all her blood of the Vampire has been removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if that blood turns to him, he can win Arley by becoming a vampire. Of course, as the vampire blood turns to him, no healthy blood is removed. So, obviously, Bon Jovi is walking around with twice as much blood as any man in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRE, this also has a special effect of vampire-firing into flames.
