National goods are overburdened and overburdened. Nicholas Cage is by no means a convincing action hero, and this film is not "Indiana Jones". The people who compared this film with the classic trilogy of Indian Jones seriously fell from their rocker. I can not figure out which type of target audience this film was filming. Maybe it will appeal to a pre-teen audience, but I found it absolutely funny. I also can not imagine adults or young adults discover that it is a big movie. Simply put: at best it's all right. The national treasure is unimaginable and nonviolent, borrowing what it has from the "Da Vinci Code". I would recommend that it be waited for the film to be released in 2006 and to transmit this nonsense. The whole idea is to steal the Declaration of Independence so easily and move around Washington and Philadelphia with it (while never damaging), while fighting against "bad guys" and experiencing what should be to be "non-stop action" is absurd. I especially liked the scene with the Declaration folded in its pipe, which was in the middle of a busy road while cars were ride alongside it without damaging it. Oh brother! He reminded me of that episode "Brady Bunch" where they go to the amusement park, and Mr. Brady loses his architectural plans. Except the Brady Bunch episode was much better than the whole movie! The idea of ​​such a great wealth that no one believes is buried in the secret of the fall of the United States is unusual. Literally, there are thousands of undiscovered "priceless" items in this treasury. Yeah, right!! Ridiculous !! What's worse, speed and accuracy Cage finds and discovers what should be "heavy" traces for these ancient puzzles are pre-posterous !!! Oh ... mankind! The performances of Cage, Voight and other actors in "National Treasure" are rigid, wooden and flat as they come. However, when you work with such a bad dialogue, it's hard to blame an actor for 100% for that. The National Treasure is a OK movie that can be seen once. I can not recommend it further than that and definitely will not buy this over the top, an unusual hunt for clutter. Bring it out if you have to first see it .......
