There is nothing worse than renting an Asian film and getting an American film experience. It's just my opinion, but a good thriller depends on the establishment of cute, intelligent characters. Regarding likability, the protagonists in Sai Ies are a weird married couple. Nice work. Unfortunately, they are stupid and do not believe. Let's figure out the way they are mistakenly mistreated by the stalker by terrorizing. 1. After the autostoper threatens to kill you, make sure you tell him which hotel you are staying in when you leave it. 2. Beat the stalker in the middle of the day and before dozens of witnesses, which allowed him to file an indictment for the attack. 3. Do not try to tell the police about the hunter and simply assume (for no good reason) that the police bribed him. 4. As you try to escape, let your lady from your field of vision as much as possible to ensure that the kidnapper is dead. 5. After looking for someone to help find a vest after abducting your wife, make sure to send them as soon as possible so that you can face him one at a time. It does not make sense to be unjust, is it? Now, I would not expect any person to be immune to several mistakes in these stressful conditions, but the characters in Sai Ies are so dense and make so many incredible mistakes that it is practically impossible. that the viewer takes care of their safety, because they are victims of their own work. This kills the pleasure of the whole movie. In case you are wondering, the screenwriters did not stop with blurry characters. Since they themselves are surely conceived of writing this crapfest, they decided to make situations so absurdly unrealistic that all the feelings of reality come out of the window. 1. Stalker kills a policeman at a police station? while the protagonist sleeps no more than ten feet. 2. Stalker deals with all sorts of suspicious activities in the middle of the day and about a ton of people, but it seems that no one other than a married couple does not notice his strange behavior. 3. Stalker survives the absurd amount of violence that would kill any human being. 4. The "stress" scenes did not have any imagination. In fact, some scenes were direct breaks from American films. The only positive is the cutting of the head near the end, which was quite a brutal scene since it was applied to a woman. It's a shame that the directors followed him with an unusually stupid ending coming from the left field. Indeed, the Koreans behind the making of Sai Da should be ashamed. Better still, they should move to California and work with people who make films with similar neglect of quality and intelligence.
