Live Feed is set up in an unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian region, where five American friends, Sara (Ashlei Schappert), Emili (Taaila Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy the night at city ​​and taking sights. After a fight at the bar with the head of the Japanese Triad (Stephen Chang), they decide to look at the porn theater, just like you. Inside they are separated and quickly find out that the site belongs to the head of the Triad who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clearly explained. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also received credit for prosthetic effects designers; it should be said that Live Food is another pretty poor record of a low budget on a horror movie of a type of camcorder that seems to exist only to reverse the glory and success of the hostel (2005) and the miniature of the "torture of pornography" as it became known. According to the IMDb section of "Trivia" for Live Feed writer and director Nicholson, he wrote it after hearing about certain activities that take place in live sex theaters, for my money I think he wrote after watching a hostel! The scenario is rather poor, there is no fundamental reason why this porn theater had a big fat ugly naked dressed in robbery equipment that lurks around torturing and killing people. Was it for Triads? Was that his pleasure? Was it to sell snuff movies? Some kind of explanation would be good. And why did he eventually turn the boss of the Triad? If you are looking for a coherent story film then forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me to be some sort of an uncomfortable, wrongly assessed mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, up and action movies that are not separated. I mean, putting a horror movie in a pornographic theater will not automatically make your movie good, there must still be a decent script and story, right? The characters were pretty bad clichés, and some of their actions and motivations were more than questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it's quite a shocking mixing of blood, sex and nudity, but it looks cheap, which reduces the effect. Director Nicholson does nothing special here, editing is changeable & boring, it seems to think that lighting nearly every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the movie has a cheap look about it. Available in the 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I've seen a shorter version of the 'R' version that really is not, but I'm ready to give preference to doubt in the 'Unrated' version and say it might be a lot, much worse, but I can not say for sure. There is also a lot of nudity if it's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or a lot of fear here because it does not exist and it is not, although it has a silly tone at all, which is something that went for it, I suppose. /> The Technical Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks too guilty for my tastes and the whole scene bathed in boring neon lights sometimes makes it difficult to say what's happening, it often looks like it was shot at hand - The held camcorder and edited editing at least the version marked 'R' is sometimes an unpleasant mess. Filmed at a location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The act is bad, sometimes I did not know if the actresses in this should cry or laugh ... Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend anyone to hurry and buy or rent, I did not mean much about it with with a very low predictable story that does not have exposure, and that does not go anywhere, bad acting and less than impressive up (at least in 'R' rating). Watch movies from the hostel again or instead because they are superior.
