First of all, the actor to act Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors playing the Jews have blue eyes. Is not there enough stupid actors there? Jesus is shown to have blue eyes and is one of my pets. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, what about old English films that should be held in countries that do not speak English, and all have an English emphasis? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago.") Is there not enough Jewish actors or actors who can carry out the Israeli accent? The film is often not faithful to the Scriptures and seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim that the Messiah is. In the Bible, when Jesus was baptized by John, the voice came from heaven saying: "This is my beloved son, in whom I am glad" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, this is John the Baptist! It seems that the screenwriter is trying to show the believers as crazy. For example, in the Bible, Angel Gabriel tells Mary that he will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear any angel - it seems that Mary is talking the Moon's air, and when Mary's mother hears talking With some, she looks at her, she does not hear or sees anyone. Also, in the film, when Jesus spoke to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he says: "You will not see me here until you learn to cry," Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord "because I and my father are one and the same. " The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is: "You will no longer see me until you say," Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord. "The period: Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts many important parts (The Sermon on the Mount is very thrown out), but then it spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene with Maria Magdalena in conversation with betting). It seems that the scriptwriter, rather than wanting to make a script version of the Bible, wanted to make a film about what he thought could happen after (and between) scenes. The film still has one gem - during the scene in which Jesus tells the story of the Lost Son , at home Matija taxa, my tears ran across my face o is the best movie I've seen about Jesus 'ministry (but that does not speak much, because others are simply horrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about Jesus' last days ("The pain of Christ is too graphic"), although I am He likes that "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending only with Jesus' death, continues and shows His resurrection.
