... although for a movie that seems to be trying to present itself as horror, there was a marked lack of blood. There was also an obvious lack of skilled directing, acting, editing and writing scenarios. Jeremy London has set one of the most terrible performances I have ever seen - his "descent into the mahogany" madness is painfully self-conscious and clumsy. Oh, look at him! Oh, look at him, drink a strong ghost! Oh, look at him, lift his forehead, and shake his head at a sharp angle! Oh look at his unwashed, greasy dark hair! Oh listen to his rough voice! He must have been a tortured artist / writer / genius! Oh, yeah, a poet-shirt goes out - that's another boy who thinks he's Biron. (Or Poe.) Oh, from love ... did anybody give this guy a handbook on "How to do good" or just pulled it out of a cardboard box somewhere, a dead plastic toy that was broken by a cereal brand. Okay, it was a stupid line - but it's just because the London show melted my brain with its horror. Katherine Heigl is cute, and she is very up, but she has yet to grow into her acting shoes. this film - she delivered her lines as if she had been raised, in fact, her entire performance was very woody, and her poems were stiff as her lines - who knows, maybe she only reacted and tried to neutralize, Jeremy London flying extras, but if it's the case, she takes it too far. Significant is Arie Verveen as Poe - while the role of his character is confused, he gives the best performance of the work. He just looks good, but that's more than that - he has some sort of depth, I believed he had a life outside the gloomy two-dimensional quality of other characters. Huh, maybe it's just because I love Poe, and so I could let my mind wander and make up while on the screen - whatever it was, he had some other interest that was otherwise missing. Other characters are impersonal blur - there are all the usual cartoons: lively blonde, the best friend who is a little hairy; a disgruntled local policeman who is a little humble; a protective older man who may have too much of a non-paternal interest in our heroin; cursed old witch, etc., etc., chant, chant. As is the case with "a pronounced lack of blood for the question of horror film", none of the topics mentioned (as well as the fact that the London figure mentions - so sharply - in his attack on Poeva writing) are followed through on. As the second reviewer said - there was the potential: murder, incest, - really shocking things, but instead they get away from the problems and cut off from violence (a candlestick that sneaks through the air is raised - closes its sacrifice - this is good in Noirish a traditional horror, indeed, is expected, and is kindly received when this happens - it's a dear convention, especially when accompanied by fake lightning bolts and intense makeup of the Sioukie eye - but the Potomac 'simply appears as clumsy, or as if it were editor at the last minute post ao uncomfortable and cut him off.) It could be either a very tense psychological thriller - a horror of palingenesis / illusion / madness - or simply (and fun) Slasher movie: he is trying to be both, or not (something new and exciting!), but in any case unsuccessfully. The only horror element in this film is its epic drowsiness. I think the editor (if he was at all) was drunk when he / she cut off this thing - there are clumsy shortened scenes; scenes that looked like they were wrong (but that could only be a bad scenario). Also, the director and cameraman - there were some weird shots and frames that I thought should be devoted to Hitchcock or Brovning, but they eventually looked stupid (again, fine in the night, but this was trying to be something else.) <Br / > The whole thing may have been ridiculous (as the previous reviewers mentioned - "OMG how it was made?!?") if I was in a mood for some rubbish unfortunately for me, I was on the couch, with poor lights, with a strong intention to scare me - this is a very bad movie, and I'm afraid I can not recommend it teach people, not even laughter. Please do not waste your time and money on this - or borrow a real horror / thriller movie, or find a copy of Poe's fantastic story, either, I'll have a much more pleasant and scary night than you ever could you reach this garbage.
