Scari Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when the rover journalist Cindy Campbell goes in search of tough news in the midst of a television swing. Soon, it reveals an incredible attack of events that jeopardize the globe, including aliens invaders, video clips of murderers, strange circles in the crop, and more. Faced with a large scale plot and a crew of very strange people who are following, Cindy has to fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The action is inaccurate here, because the first two were less complicated. This time, they focus on Signs, Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others, not so much as before. The first one was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The other was not so good, but it was still pretty fun. The third is a mild enjoyment, but nothing special. Let's just say I had nothing against seeing him once, but I probably would not want to see him again. Jokes are either hit or missed, and those that are funny usually include Charlie Shin. One lame usually includes Anthony Anderson while he is very overestimated. Why he is constantly thrown is unclear because he is not ridiculous. Anna Faris gives a funny play and she is also underestimated. Simon Rek shows some potential, because it was not really so bad. Regina Hall is also coming back as Brenda and she gives a pretty fun show. The rest of the actors were mostly a bunch of kameyas. Jenni McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene of all the stories. Their initial sequence underlines the Ring and this scene turns out to be one of the most beautiful in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifa, Camrin Manheim and many others also have hoods. David Zucker is directing and while this is not another plane, neither is my other daughter. Its an absurdity to really analyze real comedy as the main thing that people want to know is whether its funny or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably will not be so comfortable. In the end, I realized that this was a bit disappointing, because the PG-13 rank weakened it, but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
