I begin to apologize to filmmakers everywhere for using the term "film maker", "movie" or "movie" in this regard, but "criminals" and "crimes against humanity" look a bit rough. br> Writing: pathetic. Direction: pathetic. Acting: pathetic. Camera: excessively incapable of words. The technical skills that were used to compile this crime: NEVER. This pile of waste can hardly be called cinema. Most family home movies come closer to this difference than the Revenge Kuest. No, this is just a bunch of 10 cars captured on the video. We will skip the action in this review because there are too many holes to be covered at once. Let's say it smells worse than the rest of the movie. Calling acting one-dimensional would give them credit. The little thing there is, it's terrible to start, and worse than horrible videos and editing. The worst part of this crime, however, apart from conspiracy, would have to be a consequence. ... or rather, an upsetting shortcoming. There are no cracks in the pistols, there is no flashpoint, and how many sound effects were, there was either the sound of a "pistol", or they were created by the mouth (yes, you read that right). The filmmaker had the audacity to record "shh" sound for the elevator door; I guess he felt that they sounded more futuristic. It should be set up in 2031. This, however, does not explain the sounds created by the oral color for fist shooting. If it was not bad enough that sound quality was terrible (he only used a mounted microphone) on the video camera, and this is seen), the use of sounds from the gun was worse than not at all use sounds. The sound effects differ from the rest of the soundtrack as drunken in the sheep's flock, and they are also clumsy. Imagine this: A bad guy enters the office building looking for his booty. The lady starts running in fear. He raised his pistol (uzi) and shook it. We hear a sound that is obviously not a tear. A woman escapes from the camera and suddenly explodes on the back a blood group (only 1) that seems to be affected by paintball, and she falls on her face. Hold on to my opinion that my description has too much justice in relation to the inability of the real set. In the second row, the one that almost - but not completely - makes the movie funny enough to watch, it takes place on the staircase. A bad guy catches a good guy and a lady he protects down the stairs, squeezing a plastic tie to the end. You may want to tilt; bad sound effects that fly all over the place. I assume that Alan DeHerrer can not be locked for the idea of ​​this wreck of the train, but he followed up to editing and publishing. If there is any justice, there will surely be some karma with his name on it. If you choose to watch this group of industrial waste - and I would advise you not to do it - be sure to watch because the entire scene has almost literally risen from the Bladerunner, and the AM radio that doubled as a walkie-talkie -Toki. Try not to focus too much on the action; it will hurt you even more if you do it. 0 stars of 10. And it's generous.
