In the beginning, I was horrified by the director of Sun-Voo Yang, because I felt he had cheated me. Yang had the potential to create a powerful, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead decided to direct his strength to the pornographic element more than the real human element. At first I could not see the characters, and his mischievous introduction that merged both realism and cinema was amateur at best? however, this film remained in my head for days after I looked at it. What's left of me is not a story, they were not characters, nor was it the obvious pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Yang showed between I and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you will see that both begin at the research stage of their relationship, wanting to step into the unknown but not completely next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new ways of satisfaction, they are constantly jumping between the aggressor and the aggressor. Yang initially explores the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, and then hauntingly, the reversal occurs when J becomes obsessed with I. It's a very small change, and because of the graphic content of this movie, it can easily be missed, but it's there. This becomes obviously close to the end when J can not live with I, because their meetings become less frequent, and J is trying to become part of a normal society. This was a huge and very exciting element of this movie to be seen in front of your eyes, but unfortunately, it was the only element of this movie worth watching. I will ignore those who talk about this movie as nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements at the core of this film, which are underdeveloped, they are there. This is a film about the aspect of our lives that is rarely explored in cinema or spoken in newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is never known? or to believe so. While the act becomes something repetitive, director Yang is trying to change it a bit with some constant changes. Our characters are constantly moving from the hotel room to the hotel room to best squeeze their thirst for the meat of others. This is at first fun, but again, it seems that Yang's repetitive series seems boring but exciting. That brings me to the biggest problem I've had with this movie. Yang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (apart from the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side), he recorded the scenes, repeated them constantly and again, without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know characters. Where did Yang go with this movie? Did he want sex to tell stories, or did he believe the characters? In that sense, he failed, because to the end of the film we know so little about I and J so that we can less worry about how to solve them. The end seems almost accidental, because Yang is trying to make a final resolution for our two absolute unknowns of this film. I have to give Jang some credit for the attempt, but not much. He tried to make some sub-stories that would create a personal element that we missed, but they simply could not fit well. Both Brother and J's wife were those points, but again, because of such a strong focus on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became unmistakable and inconceivable. Maybe it was the way I was watching this movie, but outside sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and I, and that's why Gojitmal collapsed. Finally, I would like to say that this film could benefit from having a strong rating or an exciting remote element of the musical genre. bring us, viewers, closer to the emotions that feel J and I. From what I can remember, and I'm trying to push this film away from my mind, I do not recall any music subtops. Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Yang stylized it with music or did something that would aloud on the faces of our character. Although I understand that he wanted sex to speak for himself, he lacked only the technical element of this film that might have suppressed a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a bad movie. An apparently independent film in nature, it felt more like director Yang trying to make symbolic references from nothing but your typical independent of this nature. I did not see as many social messages or human elements as mentioned above, I just felt like it was filming this movie together for two weeks and realized that sex would sell it enough. This was not the production of Larry Clark; This was a sub-pair and definitely needed a few extra technical clicks to develop stronger than the final release! All in all, I think that this movie I liked, and there were also the smaller elements that I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was hurrying, he repeated and played too much for the taboos, instead of breaking them. The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen in the last scene of this film when we know how the title of the film was shot. Our characters were insignificant, our story was underdeveloped, and we could use something unforgettable so that what was going on between I and J is something more symbolic than sex. For me, Yang was trying too hard to get an artist's house getting to know pornography? and it's gone poor. This was not a movie worth the time and effort that was invested to make. Rating: ** from *****
