This film is quite a strange mix of music, romance, drama and crime with a movie-noir scent. Basically, it's one messy pile of different genres, none of which is working properly. This film is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be more serious than an actor. He is a former star of a child who always played at the beginning of his career in happy comic and musical productions. In this film he chooses a different approach (although musical aspects are still present in the film). But his role is actually pretty funny in the movie. I mean Mickei Roonei as a hard player? He is an extremely small boyfriend. He was actually in the thirties already at the time of this film, but seriously looks more like a 16-year-old. Listening to him telling babies to women and listening to fierce gangsters about three times as big as him, he just does not look and does not feel good. He simply is not convincing in his role. Since the film mixes so many different genres, the story really feels like messy. Somewhere in it there is a crime for crime, and somewhere there is a romantic dash and one about how to live his dream, but none of it succeeds precisely because of the unhindered approach and handling with everything. It's just not an interesting or tempting movie to watch. Laszlo Kardos is also a director who had only 10 films in his life, despite the fact that his career lasted from 1935 to 1957. while getting a smaller script to work. His films are unknown and usually not too high quality. We do not forget that this is a film from the 50's, but still it feels more like one of the 40's or maybe even as a movie of the 30's. This is of course mainly due to the fact that this film was shot in black and white. Generally speaking, black and white films from the 1950s often have a sense of cheap looks, and this film is no exception. together in a row. It was not the only film Armstrong appeared and would often appear in such films, often as simple as him. I guess jazz lovers can still enjoy watching this movie because of his music, because there is a lot of stuff in it. The movie really won the Oscar nomination for the best original song. An incredible little movie and excursion by Mickey Rune. 4/10
