POSSIBLE VERY SMALL SPOILERS This movie is charged as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "Witch" (its Russian title) will occupy a place of shame in the gallery of horror Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Vii", a classic in Russia. "Based" is the keyword here because it does not need to know the story. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. It is a unique production because we are accustomed to directing stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. Spate of US treatment of foreign films is a great example, but again, Sturgis is Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into a Magnificent Seven with great results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth in Japan to make an incredibly powerful Tron in the blood, as King Lear became riveting Ran. However, with the "Witch" we have a Russian who transplants the Russian classical story on the American soil. The film was filmed in Estonia in English with the aim of translating American actors into English and having a rather synchronous movement of lips. As a natural consequence, the Ukrainian background for the story is lost, it comes to a gray American town that is apparently erected from an obsolete guide to horror books. There is a drunk Semi Khoma Brutus, instead we have a drunken journalist who is ready to win the Pullitzer Prize, which at the same time writes about events similar to Ks-Files and often visits Miss Boobs competitions. (I never thought that the Pullitzer Prize was awarded for such kind of writing, now I am humbly corrected.) In strange nonsense in Russian, a reporter is called Ivan Berkhoff. It was supposed to be called John Smith because it is impossible to get more hacked, cliché, and generic than this movie. Berkhoff goes to a city named Castleville, stops on the clay road, stings until he finds a ruined house and is not accepted by the old crown. All this is accompanied by a radio message about the most powerful forces of violence, and people who are better at home and avoid water. Do I need to mention that it's very hard to get rid of? After a few supposedly terrifying scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalists trained as a priest, wrong for priests, a local sheriff tells him that his daughter, who died after a brutal attack demanded that the new priest prays for her for three nights. At this point, the action is allegedly beginning. Those who have time to kill are welcome. What's wrong with this movie? Everything from the dialogue to the support department. The dialogue I heard in Russian is originally written in English, and it is composed exclusively of clichés and flocs selected from American films. The actors also fought clearly with the English language because their time was tense and unnatural, and Russian synchronization followed. The acting is mostly horrible, and not only because it is often difficult for actors to speak, but because they have nothing to approach a series of facial expressions. In most cases, they are just empty or you want them to. The only exception was the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a fine Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who played for a wheelchair in Castleville. Oh, and of course, a singer who is absolutely natural on the camera! I know that the actors complain that dogs and cats are worried, but when Nikolaev is reinforced with a rooster, it is a sad testimony to the general quality of acting in the film. There was not a single passionate moment. in the whole film, and there was not one original moment in the film. Keep in mind, this comment comes from someone who is rather inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard movements used in the horror film since the emergence of this genre. At a critical moment, the camera retains itself with love on the kerosene lamp. The lamp goes out immediately. He must have seen several horror films. An example of superficial idiocy comes at another moment, the character jumps out of the tub and runs towards the camera. He wore something that looks like a leather fabric! It does not get more idiotic than this! Those in Russia who loved it say they should have been advertised as a mystical thriller. I was not even thrilled either. It was a mill from beginning to end. I especially enjoyed the fact that the entire population of a small town acted as if they know exactly that they live in a horror movie, except that they were not quite sure whether there are zombies or not. So, some of them behaved like zombies just in case. Movie producers say it's about finding a religion. Such a fine collection of idiotic actions, stupidly fictitious moments, and, yes, clichés, do not deserve to be finding a religion. The film is so fundamentally and utterly false that it deserves to be an exhibition in the museum of wax figures.
