What is here ?! Let me tell you. This is the presence (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but maybe a nice star with some good movies that this is not one of them. He did nothing more than anything he did before or after. Not to mention (literally!) The question (Steve McKueen) is in the same role as the original, because I do not want to make that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), she got a lot of bad movies on her, and even at best she looks average! And it made me nervous whenever they talk about her seductive, rare beauty !! ?? Well, if the blonde made someone enchanting, then I would color my hair with yellow as soon as possible! And what about all the cunning of Miss Basinger's Legs? !! Is it surely crazy or bad tasting? Since I do not see them just as sexy, but also UGLI! And if you hate me, shoot me like that, but you know what ?! I just watched this movie so I'm already dead! Still, what makes you suffer in an unbearable way is that none of the loans go to what deserves the most? And of course I'm thinking (Jennifer Tilly). Now we're talking about a real seductive girl with such an unforgettable body and a unique sense of feeling like a brutal brunette (Marilyn Monroe) still much healthier !! (I can not help it, she was the only new and watched thing here!). (Michael Madsen) since the bad guy was much more attractive and more effective than good guys (James Voods) is here to summarize the early events next to the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew above all that this is the whole Hollywood The thing is, "do your thing, take your money, and happiness as an actor in other films!", the editing gave the film a serious personality along with a violent atmosphere made by the appropriate shiny cinema, the main commodity (Action, Excitement, ..) are here and pretty well made, though any echo for d The shrinking of the meaning of (the kind of betrayal) as the main dramatic motive of the whole thing is not so strong that it is not waiting. All right, it's all in the second remake without anything special (except for the momentous moments of Jennifer Tilly!) So I think I tried to be objective as far as I could, so I should not finish my review saying that Basinger or anyone here better than this movie .. It would be an insult, because honestly. It's all better than this movie!
