I have not watched this movie for years, but I thought I would comment it at all, mostly because I remembered the memory of what I did not like so carefully burned into my memory cells. The original THE GETAVAI was not a prize to start, but at least he had differences in what 1) Film from Sam Peckinpah, 2) Steve McKueen, Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens, 3) Was it a relatively painless way to fire In contrast, the 1994 version appears to be just a little more than pieces for the secrets of red-hot Alec Baldwin and his wife who is soon divorced, Kim Basinger. McKueen and his then-wife, Allie McBride, also split up shortly after their version of the film was made and may somehow imagine Baldwin at their marriage councilor discussing who the stupid idea is to get this film. Let's just say it and get out of the way - Alec Baldwin has never been and will never be anything like Cooler King, and one of the reasons why this remake has so much annoyed me is the perceived arrogance of Baldwin's work to pretend to challenge our memory of Steve McKueen in the main role. As someone else points out, Peckinpah's Vision of the 1972 film was a satirical piece dedicated to the parody of the genre of action / adventure. Unlike Baldwin, Bassinger and the company are trying to lead to a more serious tone, only that Michael Madsen and James Voods 'slippery unprincipled characters of the negatives' came out as real people. The film is also extremely significant witty and unsuitable at a fundamental level that is difficult to pronounce. One view was more than sufficient, not only because it did not have anything new that could be offered, but because it was undoubtedly made. Peckinpah's movie was actually a stylish little party that had an optimistic mood, where this version is a style that lasts too long to make little or nothing. There is no artistic haste for his existence, and some of the more embarrassing scenes are so uncomfortable that the film makes it difficult to enjoy. So I do not know, this is probably one of the films that helped launch a wave of meaningless, artfully interrupted large budget remake that leaned on the then actor / actor, which is not by itself a good thing . I would always rather watch the film author, even if he tried to make sense of a new movie idea and a fall in with something original. This film forced me to get my eyebrows, and he discovered that over the next 15 years since he was released, Mr. Baldwin became known as one of the biggest jerks in Hollivood. Thank God that Team America put in place. 3/10
