Renowned filmmaker Freddie Francis (Glori, Elephant Man) directs this pretty bad horror / drama film. England of the 19th century has a different view of how to deal with medical practice from Dr. But the stocks of these bodies are small, and Rock needs more - and he loves them more. Since he was incompetent in his circuit, he begins to pay people to find the bodies for him to learn and test. Desperate lunatics Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom get a chance to work and start killing people and selling those bodies to Rock. Of course, this type of action has even worse consequences than practicing dead bodies of non-criminals and leads to problems for everyone. Although the whole story on paper is intriguing, almost everything about Doctor and Vrach is ridiculously bad. After the first fifteen minutes of film you are already beginning to re-examine your decision to sit and watch the movie. The whole look of the movie is just ugly. Since the film is taking place in the suburbs of England during the 19th century, filmmakers have probably been looking for a "ugly" look, but that does not work skillfully. Everything from sets to cinema just looks cheap, bad, and disgusting. Likewise, only the entire scene is filled with something that you simply can not take seriously, and most of the time this has something to do with some (in small and big roles) that does something that looks or sounds completely funny. Francis certainly did not help his actors much. Jonathan Price and Stephen Rea play twisted friends from the film, Fallon and Broom, and are very bombastic, but very bad. Their characters are crazy in nature, but Price and Rea are overacting to death. They have particular problems to keep the same accent from the footage - Price goes in particular from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to some kind of lagoon and so on and so on. It's also a humorous riot that Tviggi ever sees in the movie, let alone play the streetbird she wants, because she can not save her life (although her song is not so funny at the time of the finale). A safe boy has come a long way: from "flower power" to "I'll take off shill clothes!" As much as these three actors in this film, Julian Sands takes home the award for the worst performances of the film. He is as chromatic as he gets, giving a funny-loud attempt to show anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose emotion, every emotion! There is only one good thing about Doctor and Devil: Timothy Dalton's Dr. Rock. Despite being surrounded by cinema sewage, Dalton is pretty good; giving an electric picture of an overly guided, but good man. Too bad the rest of the film could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton.
