Retaining drawings 9. dir: Matthev Barnei. How do you know when you are in the middle of a pretentious artistic film? Are there only 8 dialogue lines in 140 minutes of film? Was Bjork wearing what looked like a giant fur pie in a pseudo-Asian ritual on his head? Perhaps when the mammoth pile and spinal columns are used in a whale experiment. Or, when are you ready to kill the composer making the minimum and still unfavorable version of Philip Glass's result? In any case, the Draving Restraint 9 is one of the most demanding films of modern art. With 135 minutes, she adds to her challenge by being boring to lift. I would use a stunning color, and the opening sequence was interesting, but the rest of the movie seemed to be recorded for the Discoveri Channel documentary. As long as it does not seem like they tried to record their version of P's Christ, but it will appear later. In fact, the documentary parts were the best parts. The surface plot refers to a whaling ship, and then there is a ritual of making whales of fat. Then, there were hosts in the form of Bjork and Metju Barni, who were greeted on board by going through a humiliation rite involving shaving head shavers (I mean frat boi pranks), nicotine patches and giant fur pint of caps. . Then there is mutual evisceration, cannibalism, and we do not allow to forget the gigantic shit. Matthev Barney wrote that it was a "relationship between self-imposed resistance and creativity." It's almost like saying, "if you do not get it, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so look for it because I'm an artist." Oh, wait, it's a POST-modern interpretation of that sentence and what the movie would be if POST is modern. But it should have been modern art. As for the art itself. Well, let's start with this whole interpretation, shall we? The following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be understood as a realistic attempt to interpret the film. The first half hour refers to pearly divers and the construction of a huge ramp. It is obvious that the ramp symbolizes the need for self-elevation regardless of the standards you hold dear, and the pearly divers seek the pearls of wisdom. Then, on a whaling ship, they make a crate that looks like it's in a rough form of whales. Apparently it's a rough element of hinting. On the boat, they make a thick whale kit in the shape of a whale and pull out a piece of fins. They replace this with a spinal column, and later gigantic. This should be the state of the film itself. When it's fat, it's fun but bad for you. When it's the spinal column, its "important" parts of the film, or the backbone, so to speak. Then, gigantic shit is the womb of a movie, or when the movie is crap. Bjork and Matthev Barney, who arrive on separate ships, put themselves in strange, humiliating things that AREN'T DOES NOT STOP OR SIMMETRICAL, suspected that their money was running out and Barney tried to quit smoking. So they put patches on their heads. They go through a ritual and find out about a ship from a Japanese sage who tells them that the ship is a scar when a second ship hits it; a crash or a crossroads, if you want. It inspires Bjorka and Barni, who are different from the outside, start cutting their legs together and eating them so that they can turn into whales themselves and be the same person. They are cutting. Oh, did I forget to mention that this was done in Robbie Villiams video? Then the pearly divers return with their mouths full of pearls of knowledge which they let fall to make a stupid Venn diagram. Barney obviously passed through the 8th grade geometry. Or perhaps at least some social studies. Oh, and am I forgetting the Bjork's recess that I want to kill? Sometimes this is hypnotic, but you just want to kill her in others. Artistic film is one thing, but when you just throw away all kinds of symbolism in the hope that you will get the reaction of people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. When crossing the border between becoming a joke in the sense of art? Dali and Bunuel often made surreal pieces of stupidity, but they were more coherent and / or more fun than this piece of rubbish. Un Chien Andalou had the sensibility to imprint as many symbols as he could in less than half an hour. So, can I recommend this? Only if you like boring HIGH ART films with lots of symbols and flat pictures. D +
