I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the last night in a college film house, I could not help but think ... when will this end? Very long and hard two hours and fifteen minutes. I saw only part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and I thought I knew what to expect. In this regard, experimental films like this better break down in small steps. There are several beautiful / horrible pictures ... including the title sequence (without kissing), but if you enter into this expecting any conspiracy or meaning, then you are on a long run that causes the slumber. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if it's a compliment), but more often than not, I waited for some kind of meaning or narrative ... a big mistake. Among the collections of paintings is a very decorated gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting vessel of what looks like plates of petroleum jars that are formed with a cake cutter and shrimp (this is served by the crew of a ship that is displayed throughout the movie), a big cicicle from the raw material a large band in the middle, as well as the mutual eviction of Bjork and director Metju Barni, who eventually culminates with some bizarre nature of communion, followed by their transformation into creatures resembling whales. . Soundtrack is sometimes nice and boring ... sometimes even crazy. At one point, there is a song that sings Bjork to go along with the passing rituals that are playing before us, and in other cases there is only a constant buzzing of the high instrument, which we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the film. If this sounds like it does not make sense, it's because NO! If this sounds like a glass, then you will absolutely love it! If this sounds like something you probably will not like, then stay away from it, because you are likely to get out of the theater halfway as a few people on the screening I attended. This is the very definition of an artistic film. You get from him what you take from him. But otherwise, there is not much there, except a few unusual things and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I'm glad there is a place for such films, but I can not say that I would like to sit down again. However, I can not say that I would not want to see one of Barney's Cremaster films from the beginning to the end and compare it with this. I mean, maybe now that I know what to expect, maybe I'll enjoy this more. In order to give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this film has, I would probably rather like to have a nap. Again, it could have been felt twice longer than it was, and then it would really become difficult. Definitely not for everyone.
