Winter Kills is a terrible, inconsistent and very disappointing comedy-thriller by little-known director William Richert. As I watched the movie, I sincerely felt like a czar in the classic story of Emperor New Clothes. The film made me feel like a fool, because I could not even make a head and tail serpentine and meaningless characters. But it was an embarrassing thing for me to admit that my film tied my brain to the knots. So I kept it up to the end, hoping that the whole plot would catch up. Then I realized ... the film was COMPLETED to be serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because that's the point. This is a satirical view of theories of conspiracy and theorists, with the embezzlement of an action that is used as a metaphor for knitting truths, half-truths and lies that determine each plot. Even when I realized that a joke was on me, I still felt that Winter Kills was a pretty horrible movie. Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of the former US President who was killed in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims he shot at the president and gave detailed information about where he hid the pistol. Nick follows the traces, but every step in helping people help him to die in mysterious circumstances. Also, his father, Pa. Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and repulsive wealthy businessman, continues to interfere with Nick's investigation. The deeper the assassination, Nick sees more to descend into a network of complex lies and red herings, where nothing is as it seems and can not be trusted. Film is the ultimate nightmare to be followed, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the above reason that it deliberately intrudes. Actors are full of exceptional talents, but most of them are lost. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most dangerous roles in film history; Elizabeth Tailor seems unstable and has no single line of dialogue; Richard Bun has an interesting role, but his character is not going anywhere. John Huston has the best role of a powerful patriarch and gives us some pleasant moments in the film with his fierce delivery. Anthony Perkins gets an awesome role and works well, although his time on the screen is too short to complete justice. Some nudity and sex scenes are dropped for no reason and, although they are quite graphic and can attract voyeurs, they really belong to another movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is farsish and disappointing, but paradoxically unforgettable in its strange way. Obviously, there is a somewhat cult audience for Winter Kills ... but I will not count myself among his number.
