Spoiler below, but read or you will never know the terrible fate that awaits all planning to rent "Rodentz". In the moonlighted night, at a remote research lab, the main medical breakthrough is to have fatal results. A chemical compound created to "kill and destroy" deadly cancer cells has leaked out of the system for the disposal of hazardous waste in the basement of the building. Now, rodents involved in a laboratory experiment on the floor are not the only rats in an object that will become an altered species. Professor Schultz, a leading bio-researcher, has just found that the addition of a new enzyme now allows his "hunting and destruction" formulation to regenerate for the time needed to neutralize deadly cancer of the cancer. When three different levels of the new mix are given to three different rats, and the rest is poured into a defective sink of "Vaste Hazard", the shocking side effects result in the night of terror ... right ... Seriously, this is probably the worst film that I saw this year. All about it screams "Lov-budget!", From the terrible acting to the special effects that are some of the worst I've ever seen. The characters are cliché morons and acting in a stupid, predictable way: they walk themselves in the dark corridors, they search for a cat, stumble and fall, so that "rats" can catch them, board in a small room, etc. /> While some movies are cheaper, this movie really takes a cake. Every possible angle is cut out, all from reusing the previous recordings, taking the "Lab" corridor from different angles to make it look bigger (It reminds me - why only two guys worked in this strange massive building?!?!?!?), with music and special effects that can be done at a PC workshop for children. This leads me to the worst aspect of this steamy crowd - special effects. Just horrendous. Computer-generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene so even the dumbest movie lovers can see they are generated by a computer. And that giant war suit - OH MY BOG !!!!!!!! Seriously, should we believe that a weird bean baby is a monster? Just miserable ........ On the better side, some of the mountains look pretty cool, especially with regard to the budget. Actors are crap. No one involved in production did not care or know what they were doing. I spent enough time with an overview, I'm just consulting, it's trash. 1/10. About DVD: The download is bullshit, the sound is passable, and there is a song comment and two of his friends on the disc that say they did not have anything to do with filming, but they were there to ask questions and give comments. All three of these subversive pranks are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can hurt themselves or others. I do not want to spend more on your kind time to read or mine, because I begin to remember more than I want about this movie ..... DVD rating: 1/10.
