Altered Species begins on Friday evening in Los Angeles where Dr. Irwin (Gui Vieg) and his laboratory assistant Valter (Allen Lee Haff) burn oil at midnight while continuing to try and perfect a revolutionary new remedy called Reenacin. As Valter gives the latest unsuccessful attempt to lower the sink, the pipes leak the flowering green liquid into the basement where they escaped the lab rats began to drink ... Five Valter's friends, Alicia (Leah Rovn in very attractive clothes, including some cool boots Gary (Richard Peterson) , Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alekandra Tovsend) decide that he has worked too hard and needs to get out, so they plan to pick him up and have a good night's rest. Return to the lab and cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) and killed by with and killer rats in the basement when Valter injects the latest serum into a laboratory rat out of his cage and grows at an incredible speed. Valter's friends come, but he can not leave until the rat is gone, so everyone helps him search. All six become potential rats for rats ... Also known as Rodentz Altered Species is edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend. The producer Serge Rodnunski's scenario is bad and merged with the general subcultures of production as a whole. To begin with, the character is stupid, boring and cliché. Then there is a non-genuine plot with a crazy scientist, a monster he created, an isolated location, a stranded human cast, and a mandatory final settlement between the hero and the monster. It's all around somewhere. Altered Species is moving at the right pace which is the best thing I can say about it and fortunately it does not last so long. It's essentially your average movie killer mutant killer and it's not particularly good at it. Director of Feldman films as a TV movie, and the whole thing is smooth and unforgettable while some of the special effects and scenes of attack leave much to be desired. To begin with, the CGI rats are terrible, the attack sequences have a hand-held motion of the camera and a very quick edit to try and hide the fact that all the rats just passively sit there. At different places in altered species, rat cats must shake because of the movement of rats, but you can clearly see all the rats that sit there while someone shakes the cages off the screen. The giant rat monster eventually seems pretty poor because it's just a guy in a disgusting suit. No fear, tension, or atmosphere, and since the basement contained light neon lights? There's one or two pretty crows up there, somebody has a pretty big messy hole in the place where their face once was, cut off the arm and cut off the head, a lot of rat bites, someone who pulled out an eyeball and a dead mutilated cat. Br /> Technically altered species are standard. It is maintained within a building, has cheap CGI effects and low production value. The acting is not much, but not bad, and specifically refers to Leah Rovan as Alicia because she is a little baby and makes Altered Species just a bit nicer and easier to watch ... Altered Species is not particularly good movie , in fact, it's pretty bad, but I guess it could be worse. It's not great, but it might be worth looking at if it's not too demanding for you and you have nothing else to do.
