Nell Shipman must have paid a huge sum of money to promote Makvell's off-road capabilities. The film's action is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of writing and needs inspiration, so he goes to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets a hero (Bert Van Tuile), a cowboy who decides to drive a car, not riding a horse. While Nel comes to visit with his father's partner in his mining camp, a band of local bandits is taken away and led to their camp deep in the wild. The hero must quickly reach her, so he decides to drive there in his car. Here the film makes a strange turn. Bert continues to drive over every imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, defeated trees, steep slopes, etc. Etc. Remember, this is not a modern ATV, it's a 1920 Makvell car, so it looks very out of place as a terrain vehicle. And it's obvious that there are limitations on some of the terrain it encounters, to see it is stuck multiple times in this movie. However, directors have tried to show that they are overcoming the odds and eventually all obstacles pass. When the hero arrives to a hidden camp and saves a girl, she jumps into the car with her and goes with the bandits in search of a wolf (on a horse), and now it has become hysterically funny to me. Watching how this car slowly rolls over huge rocks, stuck in the gravel and mountain brush, goes back and forth in order to get enough momentum to pass through the impacted trees, the bandits should have enough time to catch up. But they never do it, although we will believe that this wildness continues all night. And in a silly climax, the car rises to the hillsides, and helps Nell and the hero to push a huge rock on the side to break the thieves. After you've looked at this movie, you think the army should invest in the 1920 Makvell cars because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than Hummers and Bradley tanks together. Watch this movie just for laughter, it's worth seeing Nell staring at the car grill and saying, "You did the best, brave little car"
