This is given to fans because the match between two "separate" companies (World Federation of Wrestling and "Alliance"): "winner takes everything": the amalgamation of former VCVs and ECV superstars. it was a tag-tag match, the wrestlers were limited to throwing their opponents from each side of the ring to another, each wrestler concludes that it is necessary to interconnect one another for the debilitation of his opponents and for the intensification of the match. The story was previously vindicated by Vince that Alan's member is futuristic and will join the VVF. Overall: A very innovative story, but a bad performance, which is not the scarcity of the wrestler because the format is a tag-team game. The other matches are just disgusting: Edge versus T est: potent "big boot" would test, but it did not show the real talents of both stars Al substance Versus Christian: good match or superflush for pai-per-viev <br /> <br> Taji versus Villiama Regal: the worst sword of the night <br /> Immunity Battle Roial: This was an extremely fun game to watch, but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event, only the wrestler is characteristic of "Hot" and is probably the rejection of heavy-weight light (i.e., a hurricane that is only engaged as an entertainer). Hardi Boiz Versus Dudley Boiz: The Best Match of the Night: Jeff Hardy performed "Svanton Bomb "from the top of the cage and through the wooden table and Matt was stuck in the cage, which looked extremely painful. As Stone Cold was a VVF champion, Rob Van Dam was a hardcore champion, and Kurt Angle was a "mole" in the league. All the main stars in the main event at the "Alliance" team got a job after the end of the match, except Booker T., who recently attacked the wrestler at "Rav" and will inevitably get the job. Shane McMahon will somehow return to television, and everyone wanted to testify to the downfall and fail the "Alliance" to see Stone Cold out of work. VVF did much better. The game in which all the tilt was brought into one faction would have been better, and what ever became of Casket and Iron Man matches?
