For me, the only reason I looked at this remake is to see how bad and funny it is. No doubt it was ridiculous and bad, because I saw "War and Peace" (1968). Let's begin? Here we are ... Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison is Pierre Bezukhov - a thin man who lacks the depth of the original; Natasha Rostova, Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison - a scarecrow, the picture can cause insomnia; Andrey Bolkonsky, Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison - OK incarnation, which, like a skinny man (upstairs), does not have the depth of the Russian soul and "struggle inside"; Napoleon Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison - a rather impenetrable leader; Prince Bolton Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison - shit with an English face; Count Bezukhov Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison - endless freak ... The rest of the characters are not much better. Moving actors and the way they look and talk are often horrible. They act as modern EU citizens trained for a one-day maskenbal. It all looks cheap and it never approaches the standards of our Russian men and women at the beginning of the 19th century. Good game for consideration and ridiculing. We had a lot of laughter in our office when we remembered this modern product, which was shown the previous evening on our TV. "User rating: 8.0 / 10 (29 votes)" - I assume, many young people never watched our film ("Wine and Peace" 1968) or had a strange feeling for "Tarantino-Spielberg" quality. You remember when our hussar saved his friend, he turned, shot, and the bridge was boom? It looks like an explosion of CGI. It makes no sense or the skill to make a better version of the novel, which is correctly displayed in our country once. But I would love to watch the Russian remake of the movie "Gone in the Wind". Hey, the rulers, wake up and take it up instead of ruining our classics. Now return to common sense. Jokes to the side. What I mentioned above is nothing new, though deadly exaggerated. In order for foreign actors to try to pass for the Russians (while participating in very serious epics and dramas) is an indecent mistake and the filmmakers make this mistake again and again. Of course, this results in a lot of laughter - especially Clemence Poesie is embarrassingly funny and her dance and singing makes the Russian viewer think: "It's so shit that it's funny!"). New, I would like to mention the pace of the film. In my opinion, this new version is very uneven. Narration and scenes are not natural - they are tattooed and leaping like in modern video. Again, I have to remember our "Voice and Peace", where the action is so natural and the narration is so easy that you simply sit and enjoy "go with the flow". I thought that perhaps the Borodino battle would be great (in order to somehow rehabilitate numerous shortcomings), but it turned out that it can not be compared with the war scenes shot in 1968. And there it is. The actors seem to be trying to do it all. They did not have a chance from the beginning, but they still joined the losing team. Plus 1 point for this thoughtlessness. This makes the Russian viewer uncomfortable - some scenes are ironic funny, although they are intended to be dramatically powerful and actors do everything they can. All this provokes pity, and sometimes a laughter attack. What I still love in this series is the last part of it. It clearly shows how everyone gets their "wages and taxes". In addition, judging by the movie trailers, I thought the film would have a sexual scene for adults, which would definitely kill the whole project. But fortunately, there is no such waste. And that's a big plus. "Wine and Peace" is not Harry Potter, and even today, even here in today's Russia, we do not have enough crafts to record it properly. Do I have to say that the moral quality of our lives has worsened immensely? Luckily, the real movie is shown during our Soviet times. The American version of the fifties was somewhat justified - our even did not exist. Then there were mitigating circumstances. 4 out of 10 (1 point is given from the beginning, 1 point for recklessness and 2 points for the last part of the series.) Thank you for your attention.
