in order to create a film audience - I'm certainly amazed at the number of positive comments that this unfortunate movie got here. I can not say that, I can not help but, to be suspicious, in that case, the payment of backward critics who advertise Annette Bening for Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling could be more appropriately attributed to its chewing design. She is a wonderful actress, but it is, unfortunately, an unbalanced performance, lacking in essential film actors who must master the rhythm of the script and keep it during unconnected madness that is a film footage. I really do not want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuses for his muse), however, because this is a terrible adaptation, a classic case of wrong translation (I am ready to assume, I did not read the book and I do not think that I will read it after that). The script moves us in the middle / confusion of inexplicable behavior and extreme emotional distraction that evokes from mystifying characters who have developed relationships with us neither among ourselves. It quickly becomes a grotesquely extravagant attack like a tsunami that resembles characters and audiences and leaves me as a survivor shaking my head on the detritus that remained at the end of each recurring episode. Shock and awe are a description of my reaction to an angry, bi-polar change in mood between ranting and oh-so-home sensitivity, which is telegraphic to one of the most dispersed, manipulative, droning soundtracks I've heard-that is, when everything is not set to absurdly inconsistent things - you know, but you are chosen with a stunning neglect of tone scenes. How did this fine switch interfere with what I do not know - I can not believe they saw the script before signing. They certainly apply their skills with dedication - I was so sorry for the wonderful Jill Kleybourg, which was burdened with a costume of cartoon ladies and a wig that was vainly trying to influence something significant from the sketched and clichéed dialogue. On the contrary, somehow, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to provide a consistent, tinted, realistic effect. Can anyone give this man a major role, please? And what about Rachel Evan Vood - or Joseph Fiennes? You would think that the industry could make better use of it, not to appear as a hirsut like Elliot Gould at M..SH. My voice? It's gonna be a shit, okay, but it's got nothing to do with the sky.
