Basically, take the concept of every Asian horror movie and break it into one and get this movie. The story goes like this: a bunch of students in college receive voice messages from their phones that predict their death. Something is happening with ghosts, which, if you've seen an Asian movie about ghosts, is not scary so far. This film was quite disturbing because it is very cliche. It's the same biker, a different movie. The acting was pretty good. Unfortunately, the actors are put into a situation where there are many Ring-esquire, so it's nothing we have not seen in the past. But the two main works did a good job. Regarding the above, there is not much going on. We got a cool sequence that includes a hand that turns your head (I do not know how to explain it differently), but it's cut off so you do not see anything but the final result. You sometimes see blood, including shotguns and zombies (which looked very cool, I'd add), but this movie is not too bloody. In the film there is a little fear and spread. , and this is not so terrible. Sometimes you get some nasty pictures, but it's not enough for me. Nothing is different from Ring, Ju-On or Dark Water, and none of them scared me. It's really a disaster for this (and most Asian movies of horror) that if it does not deliver fear then it just is not that good. As for directing, Takashi Miike was still quite good. the job. He looked a little bit tired of this film compared to his past films, but he still displays a lot of his confused style, after which he became famous. Many of the pictures were similar to Miike (including a scene with a bunch of dead fetal jams), and the last 15-20 minutes looked more Miike than the rest of the movie. Still, the film is flawed by its irrationality. It would be recommended only to people who are huge in Asian horror films (even if they are, I can recommend you much better) or to the great fans of Miike. A warning to those who want to enter Miike, this is NOT his best work. I give it 4 because it's just central. Perhaps, if this was published 4 or 5 years ago, it might be worth more than a rating. I would also like to b **** about Asian horror movies really fast. How come, if this is an Asian horror movie, it automatically assumes that it is good here? Many of these movies are in Japan equivalent to what Scream, Urban Legends and I know what you did last summer were here in the 90's. If you've seen one, you've seen everything. And many of these films rely too heavily on fears and images, but if they do not fulfill the fears they intended to do, then they simply are not that good and nothing would change that. More Asian horror films should be more like Audition and A Tale of Tvo Sisters, two films that, if you do not scare or scare you, at least have great stories, acting, directing, cinema, and much more to support them. Two films that are not only excellent horror films, but also excellent films in general. More Asian horror movies must be like these instead of clichés, "The ghost just wanted to be found by visiting people through their phone / video tape / house / electrical appliance / plumbing / google search engine / vibrator / groceries / etc."
