When attempting to assassinate Emir Ohtar, an Arab powerful man visiting Washington, D., his life saves a cocktail waitress named Sunna Davis. Sunni becomes national heroine and media star and as a reward gets a job that works at the Department of Protocols of the US State Department. Unknown to her, however, State Department officials who offer her a job have a hidden plan. The map we see shows Ohtar lies on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in the desert area. known as Rub al-Khali, or an empty quarters. In real life, the state at this location would have a population practically zero and practically zero strategic value, but for the film's needs, we must accept that Ohtar is of great strategic significance in the Cold War, and that the US government, who want to build a military base there, must do everything what can they do to keep the good side of their ruler. It turned out that Emir fell in love with an attractive young woman who saved him and reached an agreement with the State Department; can have their base on condition that it can have the Sunni as the latest addition to its harem. Sunni's new job is just cunning to ensure that Emir has additional opportunities to meet her. An act such as this could have been an opportunity for hilarious satiety, but actually the satirical content of the film is relaxed. Perhaps in 1984 the American public was not in a mood for sharp satire on the foreign policy of its country; That was, after all, the year Ronald Regan had transferred forty-nine of the fifty states to the presidential election, and his solid line toward the Soviet Union obviously went well with the voters. (If the film was shot several years later, in the light of Iran / Contra, his tone could be different). The film is not as much a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Havn to show his charms of charm and charm. Sunny is a typical characteristic of Goldie - beautiful, sweet, naive and not too light. There is, however, a limitation of how far you can go only with the beauty and charm, and you can not automatically make a bad movie that is good only if you make the leading figure stupid blond. (Actually, it sounds like a recipe for creating a bad movie). Goldie is trying to preserve this but never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way her image is shown. On the one hand, Sunni is a sweet, innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a crazy bar and wears revealing costumes. The effect is that you imagine Rebecca from Sunnibrook Farm who grew up and worked as a rabbit girl. The more important reason why Goldie is not able to save this movie is even the best comedian or comedian is no better than his / her material, and the "protocol" is simply incomprehensible. Whatever humor there is, it is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who, in all likelihood, are lust for Western women, especially if they are blue and blue eyes. There were many such things in the mid-1980s, because it was the period in which "Harem" was Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski, a flattering Middle Eastern ruler who kidnapped a young American, and a mini-series of the same name who told an almost identical story with the setting of the period. It seems that filmmakers have realized that their film will not work as a pure comedy, as it eventually turns into a kind of "Mr. Smith goes to Washington". Sunni turns from a blue bimbo to the source of political wisdom and begins to pronounce all sorts of flips of democracy and the Constitution and the obligation of citizens to vote for us and people and how is the price of freedom eternal alertness blah blah blah ???? but, in fact, the film is no longer successful as a political parable but as a comedy. Goldie Havn made several good comedies such as "Cactus Flover", "Overboard" and "Homesiter", but the "Protocol" is not one of them. I have not seen all of her movies, but since Those I've seen this terrible comedy is by far the worst.
