Look, read and read these comments and I have a lot to say, but I will try to make it short but clean ... First of all, let's let's forget all about how this movie was bad ... Since he did not show anything from Notorious and I agree with most of the people who say that this is "Hollivood," I mean, what did you expect in real life? When people will wake up and see that they will never find the true truth about 2pac and Biggie ... Everything is covered and buried deep inside. Secondly, I'm not against 2pac or Biggie I love them both, but 2pac and Lil Kim DID are ashamed of this movie for sure ... Further, for all of you who say that the movie is awesome and you can not see the truth , either you are too blind and you see it because you think you know something about BIG or do not even know anything about him and you like these Hollywood teen movies. Use your mind and look through the clouds ... You can say a lot when it comes to this topic, I did not say 60% of what I have to say because it's a very broad topic, but for the movie, I can only say that it could have been a bit , I think much better. But anyway I'm just some person who gives his opinion ... No hard feelings ... Look, I love hip-hop and I live for it, but after I see this movie every person with little intelligence is she could see that this is not a way for anyone to live. With all due respect for 2pac and BIG, like all other artists who deal with this kind of life, they should turn the other side away because you are destroying the young .... Bringing the wrong message to the kids, which is: not going to school, but living with street, hustling and just grabbing for paper .... Real hip-hop is supposed to be about love and intelligence, be smart and everything. Okay, I know that many of you will think I'm crazy, but this is just my point of view. You see, I may have been wrong about something and I'm not saying this is a bad movie, because even if I'm in the hip hop for 17, 18 years, I still do not know anything about 2pac or Biggie no matter how many articles I read or how many of them I support and listen to their music ... Like most of you. Only the people who were close to them and the killers know the truth behind all this. And in the end, I just want to say to all of you Biggie and Tupac fans and family, these two men have been and will be the greatest of all time, no matter how they lived their lives, but PLEASE In the FUTURE try to be better, learn and love each other, I think well even for those who do not like, because in the end .... It IS NOT ON WHAT YOU CAN MAKE A FAVOR OR FAME, AND HOW IT CAN BE RETURN TO TOP, HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR EXTRAORDINESS ON THE LARGEST AND LOOKING YOUR LIFE, YOUR BODY AND MY ... LIVE LIFE EVEN AFTER THE DEATH !!!! PEACE AND LOVE TO IA ALL !!!! RIP BIGGIE, 2PAC, AALIIAH, LEFT EYE, JAM MASTER YAI AND OTHERS THAT CHANGE THIS WORLD !!!!
