This film reminded me of Soprani, not in a good way. The main opera of the mafia of David Chase only made two mistakes, the harshest and inexplicable example that took place in his fourth season, when Junior Soprano judged for his life. Instead of struggling for this riveting (and key) plot line, the writers instead decided to ignore it completely, focusing instead on the constant swaying of Bobbi Baccalieri over frozen pasta from a recently deceased woman. When something of genuine interest in Notorious happens - for example, this first, mysterious attempt at the assassination of Tupac Shakur who set on the entire conflict on the east coast / West Coast, and eventually led to death and Tupac and Christopher Vallace - the film treats him as just one more plot to pass. Why was Tupac so convinced that his people sold him? Did he feed his next affiliation with Suge Knight? And is the transformation of Lil 'Kim from a primary office drone into a sexually obsessed, vampire giant really as banal as it seems here? None of these questions are even briefly addressed to film writers who are far interested in showing Valletta's tumultuous love life to zero dramatic dramatic success. These sequences (including the unwritten cliché group indication in the hotel room) are so baffling and insidious manipulative that it is the only true comparison with a network TV movie. Story stories, in both the structure and content is simple and banal. But more importantly, as a biography; as something that is designed to celebrate your subject and educate unknown about the intricacies of their lives and work; the film is almost totally worthless. Reliance on the genre of meat and potato genres, along with lifeless musical performances (the area in which such a film should rise, for sure) results in a film that seems to have been designed to satisfy the whims and demands of those involved, leaving Vallace's query status as a giant in its field as a conservation of easily convinced and previously converted. And for the last twenty minutes, in which Vallée's posthumous cultural identity was broadly colored as if it was similar to the world of the last day, it was quite honest that made me feel like I was vowing. On this result, as with any other, Notorious is rough, calculated and compromised.
