Using a tone of recordings, not only Trader Horn, but also the first two films in the series (for example, the fight of alligators was used the last time) this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It's a tremendous descent after the classic Tarzan and his Mate, which may be the best film in the series. The plot has Jane's relatives coming in to the jungle to tell her that she inherited the fortune if she returns to look for it. They are somehow in relation to the fact that the cousin who left the money cut out of their will. He hired a large white hunter who secretly wants to capture Tarzan and sell him; the couple are diving into the jungle where they encounter the usual jungle trouble (even more because of footage). After many conversations, Jane decides to return to civilization and receive long sequences of Tarzan and Jama who make a kiss face. Finally, in the last half an hour, it's a trick to filming Tarzan, and things have become interesting because the plans went wrong and things look very scary for all interested ... problematic production. The film seems to be composed of several different films with the first watch of the game as almost exactly repeating the previous film. The middle third shows signs that it has to grow things up and that there are links that eventually went anywhere. The last one in which Tarzan was caught, and the party is endangered is the point at which the film finally comes to life (also showing the signs of graphic violence that caused the great need for re-recording the film). For me, it's a wonderful wonder how the series managed to get out of here, because this movie is not very good (except at the end). It would be difficult for me to explain this, except that I had to say that it was the relationship between Veissmuller and O'Sullivan, like Tarzan and Jane who prevented people from coming back. It's nice pairing and it's really one of the great pairs of screens. (I should probably also note that this is where the film became less real and fantastic with the look of the Tarzan tree). house.) I really do not like much time in the first hour, and I think it's a big waste of time and energy. If you can come to an end, I would recommend that you try the film. Otherwise, I would skip the whole movie and go to the next film from the series.
