In the small American town of Meadovvale Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb's list for this character is not right that is definitely Dr Blake, and not Dr. Blakeli) is the director and founder of the famous' Institute for Psychological Research ', and also hosts a local TV program called' Independent thinkers. " He uses this TV show to hypnotize viewers and make them do violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with a blurred face that uses his spinal cord as a tail. Usually the brain just sits in a tank, eats mice and a strange bad actor, every time they eat someone, it becomes much bigger. In the meantime, Jim Majelevski (Tom Bresnahan), a local gifted but troubled teenager, was caught trying to put sodium in the toilets. Jim is sent by Dr. Blake in PRI to help him in his attitude and behavioral problems. While dr. Blake is holding Jim, something that I'm not really sure about. Whatever it is, it's about the brain. At first, Jim is able to resist brain control. The brain thinks that Jim is a threat to himself and plans. When he leaves PRI, Jim begins to have bizarre hallucinations and collapses his car. Jim came to his girlfriend waitress Janet (Cinthia Preston as Cindy Preston), but later returned to assistants dr. Blake Verny (George Buza) soon afterwards by officer Marx (Harri Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of sustaining his mind control techniques, and with the 'Independent thinkers' the national brain does not want anything or anyone to stop its evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the whole city and he has to stop his brain before taking over the world! Director Ed Hunt, who is called Edward Hunt, was not a brain. as bad as I thought it would be. Do not misunderstand me because it's not good either. The Barry Pearson Scenario is trying to break the satire with brainwashing and mind control using the story of T.V. It's moving at the right pace and not too boring. No explanation has been given for the existence of the brain, it's just there and that's what we have to accept. The story is a little aroused and never fully explores one single element, there is control of the mind of TV, the brain itself, Jim is hunted by the police and his bad behavior and various other minor parts here and there, including a bizarre discovery in connection Dr. Blake, who was not explained at all. This movie looks cheap and is probably cheap. The acting is not great, but I saw it up, and what does David Gale do in this? In fact, this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even to the death of his character in both films. The brain itself at first sits in a tank and begins to grow whenever it is eaten and eventually it is quite large. Each phase is just made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and it's not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it except blinking and you will miss it. Golinja is provided by assistant dr. Blake Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before eating. The brain had some fun for me, but I think most people would love it. It may be worth watching if you can see it on TV for free.
