The version of this film I've seen is called 'Horror Rises from the Tomb'. It's a terrible medieval magician who is playing Spanish legendary horror by Paula Naschi who seems to play Abanazer in the church hall panto. He rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant (I think a descendant, like Naschi's game), returns to his home and reunites the head and body of the magicians, separated by the wise man who executed him, try to stop him, getting out of the tomb. Obviously, when the head and body rejoin, all hell breaks down and many people die. Like all good magicians, Abanzer has a wonderful assistant here. This was played by another Spanish horror, a great, beautiful Helga line. As practically every other woman in the movie line occasionally gets her kit. There's a lot of nudity in this movie, and not just a woman - we can even see Naschi's breast part of the body, which is not a nice sight, I can tell you. Much of the sexual angle of the movie is ridiculously free. There is a particularly entertaining scene in which Naschi and Line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide that they both have spit blonde blondes they owned. Gordon Levis-esquires the moment where Line pushes his arms into the chest of a man to take his heart off. The best part of the movie are pretty effective zombies that are turning towards the end. They are quickly scared of the fire and do not try to get back. What a shame. The scene in which zombies rise, however, is the happiest moment of the film. It all happens in a long series, and we really have no idea what's happening until we see some figures moving away from the distance. There are several such moments, mostly due to poor editing. When a worker falls under the hypnotic spell of Naschi's head, on his face there is a big end that seems to last forever and has no purpose. All in all, not a great horor movie, but fun enough. Of course, the version I saw was an American version that was probably chopped to pieces. As far as I know, the original Spanish version can be a masterpiece ...
