To say that Thunderbirds is terrible, forced, in your face, ugly looks, it is awkward to listen and painfully watch the movie would not speak enough. There are only two reasons why I could watch this movie: 1; You saw the Thunderbirds when you were young (as I was myself) and were curious about it, but you'll really just watch to find out how bad things are screwed up. Or, 2; You see it with someone who is under ten years old. Thunderbirds manages to cover everything he's trying to do. The list continues, but there are other subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and the 'goal' were set in a terrible way: Jeff Traci (a new series for Bill Pacton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet appeared as Thunderbird after Alan accidentally and stupidly decided to descend to the island of Israeli to open Thunderbird One. The whole film is then a series of events and fires in which Alan tries to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in the universe at Thunderbird five. The film relies on children's actors to carry the film: 16-year-old Alan Traci (Corbet), 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton) who is Brain's son. To say that watching the 'adventures' that they have come to suffer is an underestimation. Often trying to act and use the script as we fight against the evil of Hood (Kingslei) in ridiculously unhappy and hammam ways, we act as a fun during the duration of the film; It only differs when everyone is in a different location. Likewise, the whole thing of 'mind control' was very tiring and practically pulled the movie out while it was overdoing and offered us a way for our heroes to see weakness in Hood? Forced and casual. I know that most of these 'children's movies' are trying to integrate some kind of adult material these days, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a way that fetishes Ladi Penelope. Sophia Miles plays Penelope and I do not think it's a coincidence that she's a little older than the rest of the kids? At the age of 24, it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often very tense and they carry an erotic move. We see her in the bathroom, bubbles to the door watching TV; her butler comes and spins while seductively changing the channels with her wet, bare and bubble foot. Frequent shots of her massive, light pink shoe with high heels that fill the screen during different scenes: This happens first when she is actually tied to another event while fighting a fist with another woman! With her own, her vivid pink costumes that reveal enough enough to cover enough are especially prominent as well as the way she moves and talks with this elegant, dominant, English accent; It sounds like a commanding lover (Well, it's LADI Penelope's better to call her) The whole thing is ridiculous, but editing is so fast that kids will not notice it, but it's certainly a real Hood plot that does everything it does just to rob several banks He is very bizarre, the characters that are his bodyguards: a woman looking into the eyes and a black man who is hardly very upset. Should we laugh at this? What about the scenes of the fight? Poor choreographed acrobatics and what the hell was it with stupid sounds? It's completely, quite funny. The list goes on. The way Bill Packton plays so seriously, as if he was told to do it in one way, but that there was another one, the way Ford's company has its logo on all sides. Bulletin News: sponsored by Ford, the camera even wants Ford to support several times when cars are in question, as CGI looks like something from video game video games? It's furious. The fact that we were told that we believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in a frozen Thames, against electricity, saves a broken monorail (monorail over Thames!), Return to the hole and so; Save the day all the time keeping your breath. Is it an absolute bull and the manufacturers know this? I do not even know if the 10-year-old will swallow. Briefly: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid. Thunderbirds is rampant, clumsy, poorly scanned, and even Rolls Roice is picked up and replaced by a flying car? everything that could go wrong is wrong.
