The original Thunderbirds earned a place in the history of television. It was, and still is, much loved - in fact, the first 10 minutes of Vallace's and Gromit's movie (Vererabbit) is a direct lift for Thunderbirds, all the way to the original reproduction of the original Thunderbird 2 launch sequence (if you do not trust me, take a movie, then take a copy of the original episode in which Thunderbird 2 was launched). This film was a tough attempt to make a movie for children - when the original was loved both by children and by adults! In the original, Thunderbirds spent all the time saving people who were often captured when Mother Nature or Technology went terribly wrong (yes, there were also occasional crimes). Thunderbirds bring the dangers of their lives and resources to no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds caused a certain amount of imagination - how many would you dream of building Thunderbird 2 one day? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do that - many Japanese attributed their fascination with humanoid robots to the old cartoon Astroboi. But this film was a bad picture of the original. This film appeared as a connection between Thunderbird and Looney Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain who imitates Porki Pig's Stuttering ????? A large part of the action consists of a Kung Fu / Pover Rangers fight. Indeed, there were ridiculous sound effects when someone was slamming on the head with a sink. The technology that fired our imagination was absent - instead, these kids run around, using land devices that NEVER been in the original series (so the entire team immediately moves, leaving a base occupied by children and the brain). Then came the dose of mysticism "Use the Force of Luke", when TinTin would levitate something or other, along with "Hood" which used aerodynamics that looked like it was erected with "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". The only thing that was missing was that Hood was going "TinTin, I'm your uncle" with the voice of the breathing mask. The heart made by Thunderbirds was unique GONE. The only bright spot was Ron Cook's picture of Parker - he captured it perfectly. But the actress who plays Penny Penope has come across as a child - HUH ???? And because of this we hate this movie. When someone extracts something that is popular with the fan base, he expects fans to pay money for watching, and then deliver something that was not even close to what fans expect - well, I'm sorry, it's simply VRONG! OK, so if you made a children's movie - fine - the next time you distribute it directly to the video, where many of them belong. But do not pack something in a familiar package and change the inside.
