I still have not seen all this; he's currently working on the cable, and it seems to me that I'm still coming to the middle. My main reason why I'm interested is that I'm a fan of Paula Paula; He is a pretty good actor and during his career he turned into a consistently good job. The other thing is that although he's never really a fan of the old series, I loved Thunderbirds for ships and the effect of work. Derek Meddings was probably the best in business during the sixties and seventies, and his projects for international rescue boats are wonderful. The current team has done a great job of translating your work into the big screen. OR ... OR ... This is a lame story. The kids are asked to drive it, and while doing a good job, it's hard to stop the disbelief, especially when you have Brain's eight-year-old son who flies T2, a huge multi-ton transport with all his aerodynamics Buick. Wherever you look, you see the Ford logo. Placing the product is far above the top, and it's boring. Ben Kingsley does a good job like The Hood, but he can only do so with a one-dimensional role. If you can accept a movie on its very merit, Thunderbirds is a fun and enjoyable ride. Just do not look carefully at the machinery that drives it. APPENDIX: I finally had to see all of this, and that's worse than I thought. The acting is fairly equally poor, and while the effects are pretty good, the story of multiple views has become tougher. Excessive placement of products for Ford is unpleasant, and kids as central figures solve my remaining nerves. As with the Avengers, if you ignore the original material, it is tolerable. But not really. Watch the original show and see what I mean. I advise Jon Freaks. Attend a refresher course in the guild guild. You can do better than that, old friend. Another footnote ... I saw it again. Last night. On Telemundo. Synchronized in Spanish, with sound effects with comedy. And yes, I came approximate in the middle, with Ben, Ron and Sofia in their fight on the island of Traci. I did not think it was possible that the already lame movie was burning, but it did. It was embarrassingly bad. If this was done correctly, without saving children, without a joke in the language, it may have been successful. As it is, this is just another beloved childhood joy that has been destroyed.
