Thunderbirds (2004) Director: Jonathan Frakes Cast: Bill Pakton, Ben Kingslei, Brady Corbet 5? 4 ?? 3? ? 2 ?? 1! Thunderbirds are GO! And so began Thunderbirds, my favorite boy. When I heard that he would make Thunderbirds, I was thrilled. I was barely waiting for Thunderbird 2 to enter people to save people, while Thunderbird 4 would dive deep into the idea that you got the idea. I just could not wait. Then came August 2004, when the film was finally released. Critics swallowed it, but I still wanted to go. After all, as long as the heart was in the same place, that was all that mattered to me. So I sat at the theater, the only teenager in a crowd of 50 people? All others were over thirty and less than ten years old. Probably the most disadvantageous theater experience I've ever had? The film (which is intended to be beaten) focuses on Alan Traci (Brady Corbet), the youngest Traci family. He spent days wanting to save people as the rest of his family, but it's too young. One day, he finally got a chance when The Hood (Ben Kingslei) caught the rest of his family at Thunderbird 5 (space station). This implies that he must outwit Hud's supporters and save his family in time before Hood can steal all money from the English Bank. when you read it on paper. Once put on a movie, what a mess we have on our hands. First, the film was intended for children, just like the original show. However, Gerri Anderson treated us as adults and gave us plots that were quite advanced for children's programs. This, on the other hand, dampens the action as it attempts to turn into a Spi Kids franchise. The final product is a movie that tries to appeal to fans of the Thunderbirds series and children, while they are completely missing. Shaky jokes, cartoon sounds, and stupid lunatics that no one finds funny in the whole film, and I'm sure Jonathan Frakes wants he never directed this. she gave a solid performance, taking into account that everyone was given. Ben Kingsley was remarkable as The Hood, playing a role extremely well. My only remark about the characters is related to The Hood's followers, who are reduced to the remains of the old Loonei Tunes caricatures, which are incredibly stupid, and children easily accept them. What's weird about this movie is that while I was watching the movie, I was fun. But when the lights went up, I realized that the film was pretty bad, I was $ 8 lighter, and two hours of my time are now gone. Punished satisfaction? Maybe. Still, Thunderbirds is a messy mess. Instead of a big "go," I'll have to recommend that you stay away from this movie. If the rest of the movie could be like the first ten minutes, it would have been an incredible movie worthy of the name Thunderbirds. However, we get a movie that only fans of Thunderbirds (if you want to watch how your childhood breaks into pieces) or very bored you should be disturbed. My estimate for Thunderbirds is 1 ½ Stars.
