'Thunderbirds' was a very popular series of the sixties that surpassed the years and generations to the extent that it is still popular today, both in adults and with children, as it was at its peak. So, it could be concluded that there is a chance to make a live movie with a million pound Hollywood budget, which was a great opportunity to revive the series as it did with the Spider-Man and the X-men. But the terrible story and acting actors erased this opportunity and soon it turned out that everything that was destined for this movie was a trip to a cheap box of children's sections. Instead of a film that focuses on five Tracei sons, their father and a trustworthy geek Brain who is trying to save people and protect the world from the villains, our hero in this society is the dissatisfaction and brother Thirteen-year-old Alan Tracei, a fourteen year old Tin-tin and ten-Fermat, the son of Brains (yes, Brain's son, despite being a man who certainly could not reach a woman if he tried; maybe he had grown a kid in a petri dish of pelvis). As can be seen from the past of our three main characters, this remake of 2004 'Thunderbirds' was obviously intended to entertain only children under twelve years instead of trying to enjoy a broad age range like those involved in a much more supreme revival . "Spider-Man" is. The plot itself was so inconvenient with an awkward, awkward dialogue and bad jokes that probably would not have entertained brighter pre-teens. The screenwriter seemed more interested in shoving "Spi Kids" (which was at least unusual and original) instead of transforming people who know and love. Although Sophia Miles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had three lines between them, so their presence was barely felt. Jeff Tracei, Bill Pakton, was just boring, and the other four Tracei boys just remembered, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Hood, were shameful. Hur, in particular, is not a threat or a crime at all, and instead appears as a stony, bipolar stereotypical criminal as a lump of a piece of rotten salad. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see in a movie in which whistle blows that only go and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin, because most of all she does looks nice and be all for 'Girl Pover'. The irony is that Fermat's young Soren Fulton is the only interesting feature of the film because Fulton brings a natural and relaxed performance. The 'Thunderbirds' series will forever remain memorable as an excellent performance that proves the dolls can give solid performance! The movie 'Thunderbirds' will be forgotten by the majority and will remember him as one big flop.
