The basic formula for the original series was; take someone, invite the audience to like them, and then put them in a deadly danger. This formula worked for 32 episodes made between 1964-68. Now, we jump forward for 40 years until 2004. We met with Alan Tracy, a little less-than-diligent college, with his friend, Fermat, with young knowledge. . Ladi Penelope goes to her pink Ford Thunderbird to the island paradise where the Traci Famili lives for school holidays. Almost immediately, they were left in the care of Kiran and his daughter, Tin-Tin, while adults left to save John from Thunderbird 5, who was damaged in a phase crash. This is all part of the Hud Scheme to take Traci Island to steal Thunderbird machines ... To rob the bank! Yes. The plot is so petty! Dialogue is banal, woodier than that in (fiberglas) dolls, effects, everything except the special and the result of Hans Zimmer? The little thing that was of the famous theme of Barry Grays was shining through Zimmer's brilliant orchestration. The rest of the results were extremely memorable. In fact, part of the results were broadcast next week on the radio and did not recognize it! I did not even try to stay out to testify to Busted's central end-to-end efforts To be honest, Ron Cook worked well like Parker, he and Sophia Miles as Penelope looked wasted. With the right material, they could show themselves as plugs. CGI's work was what I would call a leading hand - 5 years ago. The main boat's dynamism was wrong; The original models of the series were at least moved as if they had a mass. Another painful point is that the whole production looked like a long line of products, from every vehicle that Ford built to its full content, Traci Freezer produced Ben & Jerri's. My son (9) enjoyed the movie, but this cross between Spi Kids and 'Clockstoppers', directed at his age group, did not add any Thunderbird legend. . When Star Trek came on the big screen with 'The Motion Picture' in 1979, the whole new life life was breathed into the franchise, which was continued for another 20 years. With this film, Frakes missed a golden opportunity to do the same with the Thunderbirds franchise. I anticipate that this movie, such as "Avengers" and "Holy", will fall into it in darkness within 6 months, leaving the original series to its classic status.
