I always thought that most huge flops in the cabinets usually have something to recommend, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 days and Thunderbird, I begin to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on a puppet show about the astronaut family using the most modern missiles, space ships and submarines to save people from various disasters (bridges, hit planes, burning buildings, etc.) Every week. Well, the dolls are gone (replaced by far more lifeless teenagers), and the premise - just one inefficient rescue and a shop shamelessly torn off Spi Kids without any signs of imagination, wit, or fun. The young Alan Tracei feels left out of all rescue and we never see the other Traceis because his dad does not allow him to play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. Based on a beautiful tropical island (a punishment!), His chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical white-blondes that look like a gay neo-Nazi children's band without one character between them-are trapped in space and he has to spend the day , er, run the jungle, make a phone call, fire the hose to incompetent comedic rebels and knock them down in a gunk for a bad measure. Good things are small and far. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that everyone has to go to Seychelles, which looks nice. Bad Things: Where to Start? Ben Kingsley's Performance? Is this incompetent comedy embarrassing the Children's Film Fund in the worst case? Almost a complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70 million sci-fi movie? Terrible script, lifeless direction, disgusting moralization? But most of all, the fact is that the film is so patronizing in every possible way. Forget life lessons and a life-related feeling, this is a movie intended for people who know how to make a children's movie and who constantly talk about their target audience, throwing jokes at the fifth rate and routine it would offend most of the children who have just mastered the art of speech . This movie could replace sending early into bed without dinner as a favorite punishment for parents. The biggest failure in the history of the British film (it did not cover the cost of printing and marketing), it's just watching, just as an object lesson in NOTHING to make a summer movie.
