Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he does not direct a family film, a good director. But, he really did not have to direct this film, and the script was to be rejected. The director and writers must understand what was actually done in the original TV show, as well as about who are characters and how they work. The original series featured a lot of sharp-edged episodes that used good dialogue and situations that US producers would never use in childrens programming, and even less a movie that made the original series so well accepted by adults. I mean, Traci were graduate students, and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! There were also characters who were killed, although most were bad guys. If they wrote it in the way it was originally made, which does not interfere with poor dialogue, humor in the kindergarten, and poor complication, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have been so badly criticized. This film is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! The first thing that was unreasonable and boring was a constant reference to the Ford Motor Company, even so far that the LADY Penelope was driving around in a mutilated Ford Thunderbird designed to look like FAB-1 instead of using what it would be more convenient with regard to Mrs Penelope's station (not to mention that she is more faithful to the original), ROLLS-ROICE FAB-1. She should be a prominent member of the British Society, therefore she is a propensity to the best edition of English cars in the original series. Another reviewer pointed out that Penelope would not be caught dead in Ford. He's pretty right in the context that the idea of ​​riding in Ford does not work. At least they could have a Penelope Jaguar drive made like FAB 1, because Jaguar is a British Ford-owned car, but no! They had to use the right FORD! But Ford's product placement does not end there. Every single car you can see is Ford! It's even a flash for the news shown on TVs in a Ford sponsored movie! Ford, Ford, FORD! Ford's domination of the Ford makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. The original series had a design that was futuristic for the sixties and still stays ahead of its time even today. But the futuristic design in the original series worked because it was trying to make the design practical and functional. This treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized to the surplus, defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that have been done in the design of the film are made exclusively for style, many times without the sense of giving that style a sense of reason. The original series relied on a good behavioral performance of loud talent for overcoming limited expressions in dolls, reviving them in episodes. The great and lively music party Barry Grey has even more helped the audience to connect with the story, the characters and how it all came together to achieve a great goal (little Stanislavski's interview). The film, on the other hand, had some exaggerated events. Anthony Edwards played the Brains at fault, Bill Pakton as Jeff Traci just did not work despite decent acting (one of a few), there were better choices for Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others that I do not want to mention (should be too long). Simply, the dolls were more convincing! The second was the overly generic and ungainly music hit by Hans Zimmer, which sounded more like a mixture between "The Day of Thunder" and "Apollo 13." And of course, Hood. Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kirano through the statue of Kirano as an ESP contact. But there he finished his extraordinary work there. He is a master of disguise and fraud, which allows him to uncover (in most cases) sneaks to collect information about Thunderbird vehicles for his own resources. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and generally collects information using a movie camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s edition of the United Artists "Thunderbird 6" (the latest Thunderbirds filmed in Supermarionation and the second edition of Thunderbird, but while he is the enemy of International Rescue, Hood is not a scoundrel in every episode of Thunderbird, and he strives to avoid a direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main perpetrator, but it seems that he and her these cohorts act more like morons, along with Hud who has expanded mental control capabilities, including the ability to move objects and move to flight in short periods of time. This completely deviates from Hood as a character in the original series with one that can leave children laugh and people who are familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving a disgusting theater. There are more criticisms, but the limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list them all. So, I'll close with what I said I did not enjoy this movie. Actually, I think it's bullshit! Seeing the original series and movies about Supermarionation (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I hoped for something better than this. The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (And that's nice talking.) - Vells statue
