I am not a fan of the book series "Left behind" - books are written at the 6th grade reading level, with the lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books succeed in remaining faithful to the Holy Scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecies are often ridiculous (for example, their explanation for the Russian-Arab invasion of Israel). Also, books have an unmistakable tone of voice that will exclude unbelievers rather than bring them into the gospel. Nevertheless, I found myself reading these books for my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I watched this adaptation of the film. It's sad that it's a central film that borders the poor. Actually, acting is quite decent with occasional pieces of bad behavior and excessive action. The scenario is pretty bad, though it's hardly surprising when it starts with the novel as the basis. The characters are poorly drawn and undeveloped. Events feel scattered and unrelated. Dialogue sometimes sounds hurry. At least the book has managed to fulfill its plot of conspiracy. Here, the spectator remains an incoherent confusion that makes a lot of sense only if she reads the book. The pacing of the film is also very poorly performed with an opening and a conclusion that seems extremely urgent, and the middle reaches a painfully slow stretch, which makes it feel filled. Music is schizophrenic. From time to time, he successfully underlines the mood and sounds that suit the movie. In other moments, it reminds me of the sitcom and mini-series of music. And some other bits remind me of the MTV MTV soundtrack that just does not belong to the movie. I can give movie spots for the panic scene on the plane, but that's it. Other scenes that include catastrophes after Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from screaming a book, even though its message is not exactly like your face. All in all, I found the film as disappointing as the series. This is not a movie that gathers Christians around him. I hope this film will NOT attract attention to the theater next year. There would be more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity. In the case of a convincing, intelligent, well-researched series based on Revelation, which represents a realistic and Christian view of the world without the insult of a secular reader (who ultimately should be a Christian who wants to reach him), read Christ's clone trilogy James BeauSeigneur. It's great reading and a much better choice for non-believers or quality-believing believers.
