Never before were filmmakers' motives more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they get every willing television channel to promote this movie as the biggest thing about cutting white bread. NEXT, they encourage more fundamentalist Christians to buy copies of the movie to make up for their small production costs and increase their advertising budgets. And finally, when a movie comes to the theater, you get as much Christian as possible to see it again, to connect them to multiplexes, if necessary, NO to the merits of the movie, but because it will open by the side 1 office is seen as a kind deep spiritual victories. But that, of course, will not be enough. I assume that any film critic with boldness will be given "left behind" anything that is less than a brilliant look as "anti-Christian". Naturally, this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. That is, after all, good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people have entered into the whole way of thinking "left behind". As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some reason and rationality, he leaves me scratching his head. There are many, many people who really believe that "Rapture" will occur in the near future and that millions of people across the globe will disappear simultaneously in THAI AIR. What kind of reality is this, I wonder if people live in it? Is "Rapture" something they really believe in, or is it something they want to believe in fervently? And when they reach the end of their life and realize that this "Rapture" did not happen, will they be disappointed and disappointed? Will there still be people who will for 100 years now insist that "Rapture" is inevitable? In a way, I almost want this kind of event to happen! What an interesting day! What is even more interesting is that the Apocalypse appears in a more spectacular way, and not in the anthropological sense, the authors of the "Left Behind" series have shown, but as the production of Stephen Spielberg, with boiling clouds, trumpets, angels descending from the sky, The moon turned into blood, all nine yards. Imagine that you come to the realization that all this is accomplished, just as the evangelists have warned for years, and that there is something more terrible than the cold, hard, physical reality we live in. Would not that be something? However, in the final analysis, it is this cold, hard, physical reality that I will satisfy. My life is not so nonsense that I need the fear of "Rapture" and "End Times" to make all of this come up ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell to bribe me or scare me to behave decently, thank you very much.
