I am a Christian ... and I feel this film is horrible. No one except hardhead Christians with the Bible Belt will not like this movie. The message is too much on your face. If you want to touch a wider audience, you have to be more subtle. You can not let Dad fly the Bible and carry it with him in EVERY scene. RIDICULOUS! Bad direction. The discovery of the missing persons should have been scary, but it was funny. Leaving their clothes on the ground? It reminded me of Ed Wood's old films: "Oh my God! People are gone!" This scene on the plane is stupid. Think about it: if you found your cousin's clothes next to you, you would not just scream "My God, they are gone! They are gone!" and start crying and shouting. First you would be denying ... you just would not jump to that conclusion. Watch Jodie Foster at FLIGHTPLAN. My favorite shot is a dog sitting on a lawn with a bunch of clothes and boots that sit next to him. I fell off the couch and so I laughed. The music was so bad and so disturbing. It was as if the composer in his own world made his films. "here's my chance to make a thriller," "here's my chance to do the action!" Stop telling me how to feel like JAMES COVELL! A good result supports what's happening on the screen ... this movie took longer than UNDER, but instead it was so much on your face as the message. Writing was mild. Like Captain Christian Kirk Cameron. Chelsea was worse: "you do not understand! People are gone!". Brad Johnson was ridiculous. Two prominent performances came from Anti-Christ and the older guy (I apologize, I can not remember their names). producers, filmmakers and actors are just fooling ... saying, "we'll reach a wide audience," and "Brad Johnson is incredible" and "this is just like a Hollywood movie." I came to the conclusion that they simply do not know what they do "heck". I commend the effort. Getting a message to a wider audience is a fantastic idea. Film is the best medium for it. Watch movies like VIDEO HANDS, SIGNS, CONTACT, PATENTS OF HIST, even O'BROTHER, WHERE IS ART THOU? The conclusion is that the film should be made by people who have talent and vision. Unfortunately, it's not.
