Okay, now I know that there are millions of Americans who believe in Rapture: the moment when all people born again in Christ will be brought up to meet God, and everything else will be left on earth to perish in monsters and fire. and the broken hearts of psoriasis as the Antichrist fights with Jesus (in an unusual warlike way). And I know that books were best sold. . In any case, among the believers. And I do not mean that I do not respect all of this. But I have to say, they put this film in a bag and beat it with Suck Stick. books are much better. Really. The plot does not need to be reassessed. If you've been watching this movie, chances are you read the book. Perhaps I am one of the people on earth who saw this for purely bad experience, and I was not disappointed. Especially not Kirk Cameron, the angry little Gremlin Pramin, who became an adult in this show, found Christ and decided that SHOV should reflect his Christian values. Well, Kirk, your career went to dogs, but now you can be happy to spread the word of God in such bad films that they never reach the theater edition. Well, that's not true: I think it was the only movie ever shot on DVD FIRST, with a free watch for a movie when it was briefly released in theaters! I still have a voucher! How many people have appeared? I do not know about you, but it never came to my city. Of course, I live in New York, where the ungodly liberals sit and read the pages of the Bible and use them to roll their joints. There it is. In fact, I will bet three million people on Manhattan Island, and no one will be taken away. See additional materials on DVD, where you will learn the freaking details behind the scenes of these movies. . .CLAOR AND POSADA all must be of the same religious mentality. They do not go out and do not say this, but listen carefully to what filmmakers say. It's like a bunch of people who have gathered to make it under the film. How much is it a cripazoid? Frankly, these things just preach the converted, are not they? Can you imagine anyone who does not turn into the whole thing of the apocalypse looking at this, slapping on the forehead and saying, "Holy shit! I better save myself PRONTO!" Anyway, I'm hooked. I need to see the rest of these movies about the Christian fiasco, especially the one with Gary Busey, which I think is TRIBULATIONS. Bar Busei has an excuse to take on the role ... he broke his head on the sidewalk when he crashed the engine. Oi. Oh, and one more thing. What about all the shots of the poor, innocent dogs who whine, and their traps are uselessly dragged on the ground, because their owners are called to heaven? What about that? Should we feel bad for dogs, and if we do, what should we do with God? Is not it an IRL for people to have no place in paradise for a man's best friend? Foo. This is another reason why I am agnostic. Good night and happy.
