It's been a long time since I first saw this, so I watched it again with another movie in the series. As I understand that there is a third movie that I have not seen before, I will look under the original title ... From the point of view of production value, screen capture and filming, this film fails on many levels, although it also succeeds at a few. What can you expect from a low-budget, "B" movie? Not much, and it functions from the point of view of production. However, writing is certainly unconnected, with little character development ... exactly what I would expect when there is a program for the movie. I did not have any problems with the acting ... the actor is tough; however, the scenario in both films gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch. Since the film is a "Christian", this is predictable, because you can not properly portray the violent chaos of "the end times," without violating some ethics that are usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is to make this a G-rating movie, if the content, even in the most conservative interpretations of the Bible, would be R-rated by any measure. So if the purpose of the film is to scare people into Christian faith, then the film should be a bit daunting, right? However, you can not comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on a book, or in this case, a series of books. There must be a lot of Christian materials that are worthy enough to turn into movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films are ultimately decaying because, although they are bestsellers, poorly written novels based on bad theology < As a Minister of Southern Baptism, I admit that my books were a pleasure, although I have not yet finished the last two books in the series. I have described them as a decent fiction, and if the books took the position that it was a "possibility" or an interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (the study of "the end of time"), then I could live with it. this series is divided into Christian circles because it promotes the "literalistic" interpretation of all Scriptures over more appropriate hermeneutics. In other words, as I have always said, God does not need our helicopters and bombs to do their ultimate job, but because many people, especially uneducated Christians, can not think more than their world views, there remains a pro-conservative, fundamentalist attitude in connection with the interpretation of the Bible, and tries to push it as "self" interpretation. So, the books carry with them not so much to "lose" they understand their need for Christ, but to say that the fundamentalist point of view is the only right way to understand the Bible. I recall a very clear reading (a few years ago) in a second novel scene in which characters refer to a person who was "left" WHY NOT adhere to this point of view; as if "true" Christians worthy of being "ecstatic" could not hold on to other eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, of which the least is because "excitement" is only briefly mentioned in the Scriptures, and this is the connection with the real, ultimately the prophecy is at best rude. with these books comes in a way that separates the Christian community and show them "true" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel that they even further reinforce people for otherwise legitimate religion / religion, instead of attracting people to her. It turns all Christians into cartoons, equally despised and laughed by the world despite the fact that there is a theological room for a wide variety of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, as a whole, we have done enough of this kind of damage to society over 2,000 years of history ... and we certainly do not have to promote it with thousands of films, maybe millions of others. So, "Left Behind" films fail because the "Left Behind" book is not worthy of being interpreted in movies.
