The Legend of the Bloody Jack is set up in the Alaska desert and begins as the cousin of a late deceased okultist Lumberjack Reading Stories (style Evil Dead (1982)) from an ancient book of spells in an attempt to revive him, succeeding and not a great believer in the family unity of a lorry kills his cousin . Two days later, Rai (Travis Kuentin Ioung), along with her sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends dragged themselves in front of a comfortable cabin (Evil Dead ...) with a look at a relaxing weekend in wildlife. Unfortunately, the killer Lumberjack dude shov appeared with his ax and started to slaughter friends one at a time ... Edited, written, performed by producer and directed by Todd Portugal, this is quite a rotten modern slasher Flick like are those who kill the horror genre for me, I'm just not a big fan of ultra low-budget horror films with the production values ​​of the holiday video. The scenario is absolutely awesome in every aspect for 80 minutes, every bad bad cliché, the character is awesome, the dialogue is awesome and it's hard to worry about anyone or anything in this pretty worthless excuses for a teenage movie. Teenagers are even more boring and stupid than usual, the script is more playful, predictable and wrong than usual, and the killer Lumberjack dude is just poor. Then there is the last 10 minutes or so, if you get so far away and you believe it's hard to go, it produces one of the worst turrets that ends in the history of slasher movies that, as far as I'm amusing, are entertaining in a paid audience that has had to be alone to sit through a 90-minute shit. Now I will break the end so that anyone who does not want to know to stop reading it now. Basically, just before the end of the movie, he returns to Rai who talks to the story and turned out to be telling the story of what we just saw, and Nick & Dawn and everyone else pronounce him on such a bad story (I felt and then continue to collect the holes in it and laugh. From the reason why they stood and argued, why they did not choose the ax and such things, I felt like having fun at the audience because they were the things I was wondering while I was watching this shit and that I was pushed the throat and perfectly made it clear that the creators knew the script was shit and that he could see all the holes in it and went for the swinging end that the unmerited garbage of the previous 80 minutes (which we had to remember through memory) is only a small grid. Then, to add an insult to injury, the woodworker turns and kills everything within two minutes, why did not he do it to start? That would save everyone a lot of time. The director of Portugal is turning into a real mess, this has the worst continuity between the night and the day in the movie I've ever seen. The whole movie should be set at night and I assume that the producers tried to use the day for the night-time process, but that did not work and most seem to be set up during the day. For example, take a look at Liza's being trapped in the bathroom and she climbs out the window. When we look from the inside of the bathroom, it's clear that it's dark in black, but when it falls on the ground and when the film hits the outside, it's a great daylight. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not get a search party here until morning tells us that it was supposed to be a night, then a few minutes later when he goes out and seems to be the middle of the day when he actually wears a torch which is clear on her and he clearly shows in the directions in which it looks like it's night. At any time when the cabin looks at the windows, it's black outdoors and when the Ranger enters the door to start it is also a clear example. Continuity in this movie is simply the worst I've ever seen. There are not many worse, there are several scenes of axes that enter the body of people, but nothing unforgettable. It's not scary, there's no tension or an atmosphere and a horrible day and nighttime continuity is so confusing as it's so obvious. Technically, the film is bottom, again the continuity between the night and the day was seen to be believed how bad it is. Special effects are bad and they could not afford to show the car that exploded, although it is very important for the plot. This is an amateur clock written everywhere from beginning to end. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone should get an Oscar, not just jokes, not just that they were extremely scary, and even the girls who came out of the breast did not look very good. The Bloody Jack Legend is just a horrible teenage movie, it looks as if it was shot on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or camera, has terrible effects, it's boring and has a twisted finish that is either the most horrifying in the history of a horror movie. or I completely mistaken it and that's the smartest thing. It is not recommended, watch a competent slasher from the 70s or 80s to remind you how to work.
