I should immediately say that I checked the spoiler box just because I gave this comment the amount of thoughts proportional to what this film mess deserves, and I do not want to be responsible for any parcel that accidentally gets out. This comment will be in the form of tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, since I just watched it, and the unique effect made it incompetent for some kind of foresight structure and passages needed for a coherent , a reasoned criticism. It's not a compliment. It is not a narcotic effect of a true hypnotic film or a film that gives rise to thinking. The feelings he causes combines as some unpleasant emotional Voltron, composed of a confusing mix of some kind of rage, an unclear desire to dry out, a sense of true betrayal without rudders, when it is understood that they gave 109 minutes of their lives in the hands of someone who would not spent, but in such a pompous, foolish way. And I probably would not do anything super productive for those 109 minutes! But even if I spent it on something trivial, like a block of masturbation and online poker, I would feel more fulfilled when everything was said and done. The problems with this film are innumerable, and in better times I would articulate exactly what they were in the semi-adult fashion. But according to what this film deserves, I think I will most likely stick to the areas of masturbation jokes and cartoon references. The most exciting and most serious mistake is that watching this movie is very well aware that creators and participants think they are making a much smarter film than they are. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge that can be found in one semester review of western art history at college or commerce school, art-jargon is crowded on both sides, with a large number of conversations between our hero, tortured Detective Stan (Villem Dafoe, whom I forgive because of this film due to Villem Dafoe) and his acclaim with the antique Blair dealer (Peter Stormare, who rests from the play of sociopaths for whom the murder comes more easily by playing a 2-dimensional device in the film about the sociopath for whom the murder comes easily). And they talk. In fact, we are embarking on this story at the scene of a crime that may indicate the reappearance of the serial killer Stan thinks he was killing years earlier, so that all his back was created partly through an obscure butterfly, but above all through stiff conversations between Stan and his trader, or Stan and his colleague, the irresistibly irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish Charlie (Scott Speedman) from an actor who plays him with brackets, I must admit that I was so disgusted with the character that I really fell in love with the actor who portrayed him (Scott Speedman). Nothing sophisticated. No death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe the light on the stage can fall on him and break his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I do not edit it because I want anyone to read this who thinks about paying to see this train wreck in the film with a clear impression of the terrible desires and feelings that even the most quiet man is causing. Well, here I'm running out of steam ... during the writing of this are the sick feelings that this film brought to me weakened, my head cleared up a bit. Realizing now that I'm still investing time in something that is related to this piece of sh! Aunt, stunningly similar to waking after a night of suicidal heavy drinking with an elevated form of a still sleeping girl of 200 pounds. Your first instinct is the desperate desire to escape. This is natural.
