Even the blame, if possible, from the original (I hope I can say it in accordance with the IMDb guidelines). FRENCH ATTITUDE at least tried to absorb European influences, to undermine the conventional view of an American police detective, even if the attempt was prompted by Friedkin's ambivalence, the Americans and the general indifference. (Relative) arthouse boom in the sixties (especially with the nouvelle vague) has enabled the enormous influence of the European film in Hollywood. This has brought new strength and complexity to the tired media, and at best (eg Bonnie and Clyde, Early Scorces), a new subversion of the received practice. The original RELATIONSHIP was part of this movement, with its hard-distanced style and anti-detective figure. TWO is the right Hollywood confirmation of American values. This is understood in the very fatigue dialectics of America and France. For example, the DVA was filmed as a French policeman in the '70s. The French, of course, insisted on the size of American films when they were ignored at home, which is, in a sense, a reclamation, a warning against a Gaul presumption. This can be seen in the form of two films. THE CONNECTOR has French gangsters attacking New York, and the French style sucks the US thriller - it leads to the breakdown of the detective figure, and the indecision of the plot - the lunatic escaped. Two Americans return to France, with American thriller values ​​imposed on the original genre - the detective's power is re-confirmed and a conventional resolution is reached. This was further dramatized in Doile's relationship with French inspector Barthelmie, whose dominant influence must be shaken before he can control the action. TWO looks to follow the original by undermining her detective hero. From the very beginning, Doile's importance is reduced at every step. Despite the completion of CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign country, and his inability to control language or customs means that he can not dominate conspiracy. He even misunderstood the police's signs, he made a mistake for the criminal and killed him. Detective power comes from its power as a subject to see and interpret, but Doile spends most of the film being watched, controlled, object, body (literally in scenes after Charnier discarded it)) to be reviewed and interpreted. In CONNECTION, he instigated the action, jumping criminals, forcing conspiracy; Here is a passive, bed-locked, locked in a cell, addict, addict. This loss of phallic power is predictably symbolized in the loss of a gun, and the film follows the depressed known edifice. In the sequences of heroin, the old lady is comforting him who says she looks like her son. His drugstore is like a return to the womb, devastated by the pressure of adults. Her watching enhances the timelessness of this state, which is twice important for a man whose career depends on schedule and precision. Edip was the first detective, and in order to avoid his fate, Doyle must discard this fake mother. who dissolves his unique identity and kills his father (Charnier) so that he can assume his accepted male role in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 1970s (ironically inspired by the French, Jackues Lacan), but it is rare to see a film that is so literally full. If all these facts tend to minimize Doyle, then the style of the film does not. Friedkin distanced us from his hero by rejecting empathy or motivation of character, focusing on the mechanics of plotting. Here, Doile is a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of losing himself in a dark, long frame, he became familiar and understandable to the viewer with traditional devices - visual field, close-ups, linking images, etc. TWO is all about falling and climbing Popeie Doile. The plot in this case is subordinate to acting, which is a common Hackman attraction. Cold Turkish scenes, therefore, despite their anxiety, are not disturbing. We are allowed to share, but not coldly observe; this is a much less unpleasant experience. The scenes are also intertwined with tired, masculine sentimentality that is very American. Although CONNECTION tried to mimic the complex trillers of Jean Pierre Melville, TVO does the opposite. Melville's LE SAMOURAI had a gangster who launched a whole, powerful, non-language film and determined his eventual breakup. The DVA begins with a disintegrated character, accomplished partly through inability with language, whose dominance starts when it moves outside the language - the final action sequences are mostly meaningless. In film, language and language are important while fixing and undermining the detective, but as he regained power (he meant the return of his gun and the cathartic burning of the original location vulnerability, the tower in which Charnier held it ), the setting in Marseille becomes more irrelevant, and is taken over by a mythical congestion that could have occurred anywhere. Compare the completion of the two films: one recognizes ambiguity and despair, the second absolute security. <br /> <br />
