I originally gave this episode an estimate of two - I would now like to think more about it. I'd like to have negative evaluation options. Looking at it, I was amazed at how badly it all was from the beginning to the end. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what happened? Last season, episode 13 was withdrawn due to the way she had a problem with abortion. I think that Mr. Carpenter this season managed to make something so gray area that you can not immediately see if he is for choice or against abortion. It was only after I sat down and thought about it, I realized that he was very anti-abortion - you will get it most clearly at the end when the 'Mother' shoots at a child and kills him, to the horror of 'the Father' who leaves the pain, leaving his mother unharmed . But you also see it in the way that Ron P.'s character is treated. - I hardly think that if someone in the past proved to be sufficiently proven as a threat, in order to be issued a prohibition of rapprochement, they would not immediately immediately call the police. . Instead, the guard is almost sympathetic to him (only to pay for it eventually). I do not mind that someone has a strong look at something, even if I do not agree, but I think it's inconvenient not to stand behind that view, rather than trying to look like sitting somewhere in the middle. But, apart from political issues, this episode was beyond poverty. The music was retro-70s and it just did not work. The act (except Ron P.) was bad. The effects were terrible - it may have been better not to show the monster at all, but to show a bold excuse for the monster they had. Everything is said, I'm glad I do not mind going through some really bad episodes to find good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from a video store - every time you get good and it's all worth it. I agree with the poster who said that perhaps the name should change from Masters - some of these people simply do not deserve the title. (Allow me to emphasize even when I hate this episode, John Carpenter TOTALLI deserves the title. He is a master through and through)
