I went to the Video Store and looked around to find some horror films, after only about 30 minutes I just hasted to pick out a few movies. I came across the "Masters of Horror" that contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked OK, the same old shit with horror, but I was interested for some reason. Pro-Life was said to be a classic, a return to the form for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it would be good) and all that. So I turned it around thinking that it would be something great and interesting, I was wrong ... It started casually, only a girl running through the forest, scared of something. The car stopped and picked it up (just to be the people it should have seen, unbelievably?) They took it back to a clinic and examined it, at the same time, it all happens. The father appears at the door and do not allow him to enter, not close by. Most likely than anything you would have done in the past, but for now you do not know any of that. He really does not want his daughter at this place, the abortion center. He strongly opposes such acts, believing that it is sick, not what God would want. He "supports" what I've heard called "Pro-Life". Acting against abortion and going extreme to allow Babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the Life of the unborn, but have they killed People in the past to allow Birth? Justice is just a fruit of the mind. In any case, back to the track, after the girl is examined, she finds her pregnant, but far ahead of what she should be. It's only a few weeks pregnant, but it's months ahead. He constantly tells them that he will not understand, and that he wants an abortion and all that, but in the end tells the truth that the demon raped her from hell, and that her father wants this baby (but she believes that "God wants this baby, who does not really work ) He gets his 3 Son (they are armed with Pistols and Rifles) and start entering the Clinic (they kill anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the Clinic, which in the past had to have problems with them, is well prepared this time. Father's Son, but in the end he shoots several times (wearing a bullet-proof jacket). The father then does what and what he believes to be done to the Women. He cuts a hole where the Vagina would be if we are a Woman, and holds some kind of sucking up there and sucks all this blood. While this all happens, the girl gives birth to a demonic baby with a lot of legs, and some the demon rises under the ground (not in the same room) and begins to search for his child. The father sees it later, and begins to ask why this happened, he did what was said to him, and did not understand why it was. He killed both of his sons earlier, and now he goes to his father ... While a girl kills a baby, and the demon carries it (not in the same scene). Yes, it probably sounds pretty cool, and an exciting Horror Movie, but it's not. The acting is terrible and there is no enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even build on them; all that is composed, all small parts, do not even accumulate into something big, waste of time. I would not classify it as Horror, although it has elements of Horror, they ultimately fail in what they are trying to succeed. He felt more like a short film for beginners than for John Carpenter. I'm sorry for the lack of information and detailed review, I just did not have time to lose it write something exciting. Likewise, I apologize if my spelling and details are incorrect, I can not really do my best to investigate anything.
