I was glad to see John Carpenter's episode in the second season, because his first, Cigarette Burn was far from the first season (and I liked other episodes from that season). Oh, how disappointed I was. Fair to Carpenter, I think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely horrible text. The characters, other than the theme, seemed to act and speak as if they were written for the Valker episode, Tekas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually love Ron Perlman, but I can blame them so much because the writing was so terrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do, because it would have been useless, but they seemed to try to mix the horror (obviously) with some type of social comment about abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that it seemed to be an occasion to break down a certain variety or religious nuts, as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. I am for both ends, but this has been done so horrible that it was a shame to watch the characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency. This was not entirely possible to offer some valuable thought on the topics and the horror element failed, as well as along with such incompetent writing. While I do not think Carpenter can blame for most of the bad things here I will say he decided to direct teleplai and therefore has a responsibility for it. There are a few small pieces that I found nice, so the two stars I gave him. The real effects of the ups and monsters were good, but CGI up (two separate shots in the head) were so obviously poorer the quality of CGI that they should never have got OK. I am generally very critical of the CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with execution. Technology, although in some respects incredible, is not good enough to match "real" effects, be it miniatures or worse, especially when it is assumed to fit something organic and / or alive, and therefore should not be used until not . CGI can be used well in small quantities or obviously if the entire film is animated. With this I will take the opportunity to note that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There are simply not many real "masters of horror". Maybe two or three. If the show is called "A Story of Horror" or something like that, it would be fine. But, as it is in the criterion for directing one of these episodes, and is therefore criticized for not being a "master of horror", they have directly at least one horror film in their career. And he did not have to be good.
