LAGANI SPOILERI (but it does not matter anyway). Exercise in the gobbligoku of catastrophic proportions, not even valuable l0 lines, I need to put these remarks on the network waves. This is one of the worst episodes of the Masters series so far and the first to qualify for the dead Misteri Science Theater treatment. Even if it took me half an hour to understand the desired irony angle, it was still very chrome. Its only value lies in the perspective that forces us to realize that in addition to the worst and ugly masks, the genre succeeds only when using classic cinematographic concepts of photography and lighting, dialogue and acting, editing and determining the time. Here they are absent and John Carpenter is not a master. Period. And no ordinary analysis of a simple social commentary will change it here. Strangely, Carpenter was never anything more than a B director, but at least such films as 'Fog' and 'The Thing' had a great atmosphere (this one is one of my cult favorites). Deceptive acting. Camera angles are glued in cement. Tensionless rhythm. Nevertheless, it may be the most prominent part of the episodes of a story that, of course, can not be blamed for JC (unless the writers were Cody's friends). The first two minutes of a young girl who runs through the forest just to be almost Scully-Mulder duo is the first and last thing that works in the movie. But come on, the girl who goes through the abandoned forests nowhere, especially in the desperate need for an abortion that accidentally meets the fender of a woman's wife's wife whose clinic is just at the end of the corner. Oh, and I will not even ask the doctor to hit accidentally in the car and accelerate to 0 to 60 in six seconds. It seems to be a miracle for possible broken ribs or an earthquake. Then things are quickly falling apart. An empty dialogue "I just want to help you", infinite backbone on the back, grandiose combat tactics such as cutting the phone line (at the age of mobile phones?) Traced by shooting: Ramboeskue's director of the clinic against Ron Perlman and a secondary school for several strokes Easter pause. Another great line: "So what are we going to do?" from a kid who was just sitting on a bunch of assault rifles in the back of the van. No, it's not a pheasant season yet. Who needs those young men anyway. What about the good old tried and tested method of a lonely crazy piercing through the gate with its universal SUV? As for the bullet exchange itself, the cuts were rigid as a stackat DC comic strip. There were only Vham, Bam and Vhiz balloons missing. And all this is in harmony with the sound background of a decent old episode of Mannik. At one point we find out that Dad is not exactly Dad, but at this time we did not care much. more. The only source of this story in drama is a conflict between a father living in his life and his pregnant daughter who is only grateful for having no twins. However, there are no scenes, flashback or no, where they actually are together. They remain only abstractions one after the other. With the exception of door guard, each of the characters is absolutely unpleasant. Slight, hysterical, stupid, macho. Perfectly straight as the human wallpaper. It seems that none of the doctors has anything medical. And there are also dads who argue with their pregnant daughter, as if he were an accentuated boy. Fortunately, he got his own. There are two great MST-dignified comic moments: gusher when the Angelicin water line comes out, and later the newborn lobster with the glued to the baby's head. Cute Angelica's ragbial abdominal belly before she finally dropped the right monster from hell. As for this shy male abortion place ... well, they should have kept Miike's episode and ban it. episode. Only this stinker, noticed only today's permissive generation under 16, will ensure that someone else has said that this series will not be renewed for the third season. It's a real shame, as there were lots of great productions, including such a decent talent as Dante's "Homecoming" or McKee's delicious "Sick Girl". Not to mention the extraordinary images of Malone's "Fairhaired Child". I'm sorry, John Carpenter, I believe that your overtime days are over. It's time to run for president.
