* MANY MORE SPOILERS IN THIS SURVEY * This film was horrible. I'm a big baseball fan so I thought I was watching him, and I was very disappointed. It started fine. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had on his son, I was hoping to become a better father through a movie or something like that. In any case, at first, DeNiro seemed to be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobbi, and he had his sweet son whom he had lost, which gave me reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby talk to Primo when he absolutely brutally did not kill Primo to death ... absolutely no mention of that sketched reoccurring song "I VANT TO **** IOU !!" Later, when DeNiro rescues Bobbie's son from drowning, I was hoping that the movie could be redeemed. He could forgive himself for killing Prima to save Bobby's son. But, of course, this is far beyond the depth of the film, because all he care about is to get the CREDIT for murder, and it does so by stealing Bobbijev's son, car and dog and keeping them hostage - Bobbi must only hit home ride and announce that DeNiro is "a true fan" while showing a picture of how a bite was knife. Now we come to a completely unrealistic scene in the end ... expecting to believe that the game is not called. Then DeNiro appeared somehow magically on the field in the judge's suit and called Bobbi at home, continuing to pull out his knife and begin to punch everyone who runs on the ground. It seems there is no officer on the ground (but the police are on the way), so De Niro moves on a hill and prepares to show Bobby when he is killed. But do not worry, this happy and enjoyable movie has a happy ending because Bobbi finds a son. This is not a sports film. It's not about the fan. As far as I know, fans are not angry psychopaths who threaten, loot and throw knives to their fans. This will probably be the most beautiful film I'll ever see in my life. The action was shallow, the soundtrack was sucked, the film had no purpose. I warn you not to waste time on this disgusting excuse for a movie.
