The London Underworld has something inherently creepy around it, with its long winding tunnels, escalators that lead you deeper and deeper into the underworld, and of course rats that wander through the tracks. It is a source of wonder that it is not used in horror movies more often. It is used in the horror of Deathline called "Meat" in the 1970s, with a cannibal tribe living in an abandoned tunnel, and a celebrated order in the American Werewolf in London. I was so glad to see that someone else tried to take advantage of the tubing atmosphere at night with the recent British production Creep. I thought that the movie started well, with a very efficient credit sequence. it was really disturbing, followed by a sewage scene that suggests that something evil is lurking under the streets of London. However, Creep went from here to downhill, and I found that I wanted to turn it off after this introductory scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the film. All the characters are becoming insensitive and inconspicuous, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to strike us with social commentary on homelessness. also made a mistake when he showed the "monster" in full light, where he stopped being scary remotely, and revealed his name to Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into a Ks Files type and reminiscent of one of the Tombs episodes. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to appear and get it all for me. As for the infamous sexualized violence, he is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems to be there only to shock the audience, not any intrinsic value of the plot. The trouble is that it is so overwhelming and terrible to actually hinder you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake because it's only half the film. So, there you are. The only redemption feature for me was the rare appearance of Ken Campbell, one of my favorite occasional actors. You do not see him often, but when on the screen, everyone else goes into the corner. He threw him as a sewage inspector was a brilliant blow, unfortunately, the only one that was visible in the movie.
