Although there are many well-known "television" names associated with "A Man Called Slaughter", there is nothing unusual in the film itself or any play. In fact, the only thing that distinguishes it from the television series of the sixties and seventies, such as Patrol Patrol, is a greater act and much more violence. James Garner is the biggest star and obviously thought he should try to get rid of all the comic comics he worked ("Maverick", "Support to the local sheriff" - "Gunfighter" etc.)) . Unfortunately, his earthly personality works against him, because Sledge humorless figure is written to cash in on the popularity of Clint Eastwood's spaghetti character. But the thing of the East was not so straightforward and uninteresting. I assume that a "man called sann" could be classified as Western Spaghetti, although the tempo is too slow to fit into that sub-genre. Fans of the slow "Combat" television series will feel the current connection while Vic Morrow directed the film and the scenario co-script with Frank Kovalsky. Insert some of the modern and slow-down scattered images that draw attention to themselves instead of serving the purpose of telling the story. The action is a standard matter of "big robbery" (insert Var Varion here) with Sledge how to plan a $ 300,000 gold item. His gang includes Claude Akins and Dennis Veaver. The problem is that while the shipment is guarded by 40 drivers and while locked, it is locked in the vault inside the territorial jail. I think there was an episode "Alias ​​Smith and Jones" with the same complication. The story would make a decent watch television, but it would grow very fast as a very coated feature film. Garner does not allow any of his charm to leak into his characterization and the film does not generate enough uncertainty to maintain the interest of viewers. The thing finally collapses and burns shortly after robbery when the gang enters a fictitious and completely illogical card game. Then, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
