It is possible that a man called a shack may have done irreparable damage to the floor of the cutting room. Maybe somebody will ask for directions someday, but I seriously doubt it. James Garner decided to spin out the Western Spaghetti Market and thus bring many Americans to fill the gypsum out. People like Dennis Veaver, Claude Akins, John Marley. And of course we have Vic Morrow who wrote and directed this film. Garner always gets the role of nice thieves because he is so good at playing. But he played seriously and worked well in films such as The Children's Hour and Hour of the Gun. He can also separate himself from his usual stereotype work. But a man called a sledge can not be considered one of his successes. He has got a major role as Luther Sledge's famous repentant with a great price on his head. After partner Tony Young was killed in the salon, and Garner applied the appropriate Eastwood style measures, he was followed by John Marley from the salon. put under the lock and buckle there for a break for people who regularly carry things. Garner is collecting his robbery gang. Here's where the film completely leaves the wall. Usually, in prey films, protagonists who engage in many methodical planning are shown. Surely this was the case in Var Vagon, which was mentioned by another reviewer. But in this case, Garner decides to break into jail as a prisoner of the fake US Marshal Denise Veaver and challenge the jail in prison, when gold will be looted. That was too much to swallow. If the taking of gold was so easy, it should have been done long ago. But I will say for those who love the blood and the womb of Italian westerns, during this prison break there are enough for three films. It's not the whole thing, of course, the droppings are falling out, and we have another ridge before the end of the movie. But at the time, the entire film had lost a lot of coherence. Great film singer Thirty Allan Jones is listed in points. But I can not find it for my life in a movie. Perhaps it was the Donkey Serenade Choir. <br /> <br /> <br /> I could not hurt anyone.
