For some reason, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, CBS's local CBS station in New York continued to play this movie in its late night slot on Friday or Saturday for several years, usually at two hours or at some other time. It's a convenient movie for that time slot because it's really hard to follow and pretty strange (see other reviews for information about a particular story). In any case, after receiving it several times in the days just before cable television (and even after it hit, but before they offered a lot of night programming), I've always gotten this little strange thing. After I had not seen it for years, I decided to see if I could find it on a DVD. Well, it's only available (from every search I've ever done) in a pretty bad grain on the budget sticker "Brentvood Video" as part of 4 movie packages (4 movies on 2-sided discs) called "Alien Vorlds" if anyone is interested. It is usually available for around $ 10, but even much less if you buy around. The other 3 films on this set are easily available in many other public domain collections, so you do not need to comment on them here. But I did not see "Eyes" available anywhere else. Although it's hard to have a "restored" version in any way, this printout lasts exactly 92 minutes so that for an IMDb's stated duration of 90 minutes it's not true. Even with 92 minutes of working hours, it's not unusual for a movie that has been translated into English from a different language to show some of them. It seems that the usual practice of budget savvy is to save money sometimes by not trying to name some scenes at all if they are not considered important for the story. Would the longer version be less confusing? Who really knows - unless you see it in her mother tongue ... By the way, my attempts to watch this during the day do not work and I end up just to turn it off. There is something about watching this in the middle of the night, which fits into this movie ... or maybe only from my earlier experiences, who know ??
