Why do I watch such films? - except that I have some strange misguided masochistic belief that one day I will find the true gem among all these scum, I can not imagine one good reason. This film was from the beginning to the end - but half-hilarious slag. In the second place, but in a bad Italian movie called, you could find a gigantic exchange of surreal English like this between a fairly military type and an evil boss of a secret X-File like an organization dedicated to hiding the "Truth": <br /> < Man in Black: Silence is best for us until we can prove that UFOs do not have warlike motives. Military type: In any case, I consider your mixing offensive. > <br /> Man in Black: Whoever needs to impose his will. I turned the DVD (you know what I mean) a good half a dozen times and still can not make that line meaning anything rational. My second favorite line was: "We can be pretty hard on those who reject our interests." It's English Jim, but not the way we know it. Other highlights of this annoying movie plonkers for me were completely separated photographers' characters at the beginning. Burdened with the worst haircut ever in the history of everything, the man just wandered around watching a stunned fish in a bad ward to abduction and forced to look at a piece of Plexiglas by some aliens. Aliens are not seen most effectively as POV snapshots - a handheld camera with a fish lens - somehow spooky for the first time, but is again lost again (incidentally, if it's a Point of View video), this means that aliens for some reason leave from the back room. The film is set in "England". This meant that the Spanish Italian designers set up some British license plates on a couple of English cars and put Union Jack on the card of our hero ... and that was because of that. There is no other attempt to look like Great Britain. Favorite moment? When Foley artists did not notice that the characters lurking (does that exist?) They were no longer walking on the gravel, but now they were on the lawn so that their legs continued to make a loud "creaking"! noise. In addition, another total loss of 90 minutes of my life. I hope they will prove that UFOs do not have war motives soon ...
