I love movies about UFOs, which is why I recently decided to look again at EIES BEHIND OF STARS after I saw it when I was a kid in the late 1970s. And now I'm forced to write a review about it, because I'm afraid I'll start to forget about it FAST. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it's VERY dull and harmless. The story is interesting, but it's straight. Actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. FKS are terribly amateur, but I can overlook something similar if the film is striking, which, unfortunately, is not this. Also, there is very little violence and there are no nudity, which makes the Italian science fiction 1970s work TRUE is strange, because if there is one thing that distinguishes films from the 1970s Italian genres from genres films of other countries that were created in the same decade, this is the staggering amount of violence and sex in them. It is strange that due to the almost complete lack of exploitation elements, the EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be considered a compliment. Personally I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS NEEDS more violence and sex here and there to spice it because it is so deadly boring and dry. And special effects are not so special. The story itself is actually interesting. It is a combination of Ks-FILES and Antonion's BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally shoots aliens in a movie during a fashion shoot in the country. Aliens know that they were filmed on the movie and continue to kidnap photographers and models, and then destroy all evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem arises when a model encounters a man in a recently abducted apartment of a photographer (this happens just before she is herself). Man takes some negatives and leaves, and aliens do not have any knowledge of missing negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about aliens and a secret spy group that wants to get a negative. Most movies deal with boring political intrigue, in a spyware version. The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could easily be replaced by any cold war McGuffin. But like EIES BEHID OF THE STARS, it looks like Ks-FILES LOT! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. In any case, the best thing in EBTS is POV recordings, which are creepy and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including stupid aliens. Although I was mostly negative about this movie, I still care for it. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that frightened me when I saw her as a child. And I own a video. The movie could be much more that it was done properly. Oh well...
