The reaper is a story about Kate (Potente), intensely resembling a bourgeois bitch that somehow slept through the noise of the last underground train and woke up to find it locked in an underground station. After some kind of meeting with colleagues and rapists, Guiem on the mysterious train that moves after the lines have closed, things go wrong and she is looking for what lies under the city streets. Her story is related to that of George (Blackwood), a former prisoner working in the sewer system; meet in the last third of the film, gathered together in their attempts to escape the monster that follows them. The pair continues through a group of less likely locations; From the subway station, they end up in sewage works before they somehow find themselves in an abandoned underground operation. Most stations in the subway have no toilets, so how is the operation outside of me. Of course, the film cares to explain that the operation has no running water. Still, it has electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of the daily conviction that the film is trying to create. Sam monster is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for his actions, he only kills people without obvious reason. And then, of course, some of them live without the right reason, maybe just so they could eventually escape and give the movie an extra 15 minutes. I realize that natural evil should have been scary, but then the film is trying to explain itself through a doctor's photograph and his son, and a few shots of some jars containing babies, and yes, it's just as tired and pathetic as the Sounds. It also does not explain how the creature has long been underground to lose the ability to speak, communicate only in raptor cries, but not long enough for a pair of short trousers to collapse. Hmm. This doctor's work leads to a scene that is a desperate attempt by the film to implant in memory, and while it's bloody and embarrassing to watch, it just is not enough. The last third of the film depends on an emotional relationship that has never existed, and characters fall apart and recover for little or no obvious reason. George stinks, he can not deal with anything, even though he says he wants to escape in order to see his daughter again, and Kate becomes an emotionally difficult second after going to pieces for someone who pulled her out for a ticket. Yes. After it began as a movie "this can happen to everyone", it quickly breaks down as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in characters and the absence of uncertainty make this avoided.
