It was originally called Changer. Nostril Picker is a badly constructed story about a loner named Joe Bukovski (Carl Zschering) who "loves the young". In inability to communicate socially with girls, she encounters a tramp that teaches him a special Vietnamese chant. This "chase" includes the whistle of the "London Fall Bridge" as he jumped as an epileptic morris dancer. Still, Ugly Joe is trying it and hey thistle! He's a girl now. It's ideal to be a young guy to attract girls. But we do not allow to talk about the ideals here - this film was created in 1983 and published in 1993, in an ideal world that should never be published. hamed handed stori telling. "That's worse than that, Nostril Picker really takes a biscuit, actually a whole divine. The horribly scripted dialogue that the actors have performed dead brains, a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist. Just when things can not become more absurd, the story goes away for example, Joe decides to kill girls by returning to himself, but I thought he wanted them to get closer? Not content with being a killer, Joe turns into cannabis and eats some of his victims, which was only about 3-4. <br /> <b> The highlight of The terrible film includes Joe who picked up a whore (Steven Andrevs) and then "returns" to his apartment. What happens next defies belief ... Joe returns to the man, but also reveals that a whore is a man. How does he react? Well, in the fashion of Benni Hill-esquire, he's "hitting" a flat with a bunch of dirty dildos just to get out on the doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge meant, at least this scene has opened the way for another an invaluable moment. This involved a male whore who reported the incident with a curly hair to a police officer with a 2-bit joke uniform. Funny acting is required. Especially the inability of a whore to say "dildo" and his "satisfaction" requirement. In addition to the incident mentioned above, this monotonous blow was completely boring. You know that the movie is bad when the DVDs were more exciting. Normally, I would have speeded up to good parts, but I would not have them. The main action sequences included Joe, who repeatedly hit his victims. Forget quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stinging scene) to limit any form of uncertainty that may already exist. The failure of a girl to cut her fingers is ridiculous. I would usually enjoy the words "uncircumcised", but in this case they were far from blessed. Only more painful film torture. The whole movie felt like an erroneous episode of Midsummer Murders, just less fun. I would not like to see a cut version. To summarize, Nostril beggar is the most unusual thing I've ever seen since Richard's Hamond's 5 Hours Clock Shov. Dismal performances have worsened a terribly tiny soundtrack and a poor dubbing. Do not be fooled by a label on a box, this is NOT a cult classic, unless you qualify for the cult of release-enchantment-dvds-for-coffee. What do I think it is. Unless it's re-arranged for 30 minutes, stay away from this mess that causes disorder.
