Someone had to seriously joke when they shot this movie. First, it's absolutely impossible that this film was shot in 1993. I suppose this has been standing on the shelf for a long time before a crazy distributor picked him up and let him into an incredible world. There is a plot. Like. A strange loner gets to know a random man with a beard who tells him that if he meditates while singing his favorite song, he can turn into anyone who chooses. At this moment, I feel obliged to emphasize that the lonely favorite song is London Bridge Dovn Falling Dovn. Why is this his favorite song? Because he's an idiot. We are only minutes in film and the film has already reached the monumental level of nonsense. It gets even more stupid. The loner is a nursing beggar. I can only assume this because there are two scenes in the film that show how it feels about the nose. It throws out the title. He decided to move to a girl so that he could approach other girls. And kill them. It's more or less that. The act is universally terrible. Every performance in this movie is bullshit. In fact, I would go so far as to say that acting is a standard for pornographic film. That's really terrible. A nurse chooser appears in front of the audience as a nostrilo berator. The characters in the film see him as a girl he became by singing London Bridge and Falling Dawn. Man, I feel like an idiot who even writes this. In any case, it's a little strange that a middle-aged freak has been hanging out with school girls. And not in a good way. There is even a prolonged assembling of scenes where the nostril carrier in a school with girls and a song is played over the top. Probably the worst song ever recorded. I will not describe it. You'll know when you hear it. And you will agree with me. There are some scenes of violence, of course. And there's Benni Hill's style of pursuit in search of a transsexual. There is even an immortal part of the dialogue, which may or may not be taken from Shakespeare or John Milton, where prostitutes say: "I have cash if you have a wound." Great, I'm sure you'll agree. Excellent nonsense.
