Sometimes there is a movie that is unique. Nostril Picker is one such film, The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker and I am unique for various reasons than the film's authors originally intended. Read on and we all hope it will become clear ... Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known, although apparently recorded under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely boring recordings of the American city somewhere, streets and factories are such things as initial loans . When The Nostril Picker starts right to me, the viewer who is, we represent the real loser named Carl Zschering, who in his forties, lives alone in a shitty little apartment where he watches TV, eats Beef Dog Food and listens to old vinyl records dancing with a rubber sex doll. Joe likes teenagers, has various porn magazines, but even more enjoys real things. However, being ugly, Joe can not tempt young ladies to go out with him, or do anything else with him about it. One fateful day old homeless Vietnamese veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain through which Joe must pass (he actually sees Joe with whom the police say he has bothered a teenager) and decides to help him. He talks to Joe about the magic he learned from the 'gooks' in Vietnam that will transform Joe's look into what he likes. The process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe "it makes you crazy if you do too much". That night Joe decides to try, in a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely stupid dance and starts jogging. Joe ends with the whistling of the London Bridge falling, listen to me, I do not even say this. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significantly happens. To comfort himself, Joe is trying to buy a pornographic magician, but is shocked when an employee (Kevin Devoi) refuses to sell him to a minor girl. Joe, the great spark that he is, understands what happened and speaks her way out of it, claiming that Dad sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter ego Josephine (Ann Flood), feels the possibilities and goes straight to the local high school. Joe is a four-teenage girlfriend, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Traci Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while under the mask, and Joe succeeds in becoming a pupil school simply by asking sports teacher Miss Van Dike (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe seems innocent, just loves to stir around the toilets and things like that. But things change soon as Joe brutally kills Brand. Jennifer's Dad, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective so that together with his partner, Ed Simpson (Clide Surrell) and Valt Spencer (Bruce Alden), the pathologist decides to capture the siki who is responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but whether he will succeed before Joe again attacks? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it a few hours ago and clearly states that it was directed by Mark Novicki, who was also a co-producer and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who is attributed as a co-producer and cinematographer, does not make a big difference, and I would, however, think that Novicky would be more than happy that Matthews would take "merit" to make this piece of shit. No one involved in the production of Nostril Picker should be allowed to return near the camera, ever. Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it says something. It's absolutely terrible in every way possible. Steven Hoxh's scenario is terrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development, and things that happen are so clever that stupid is not true. Planning devices and chain events in Nostril Picker are completely incomprehensible. The scene in which Joe finds out a prostitute (Steven Andrevs) he hired is actually a man, and Joe begins to fight him around his apartment with two skuirting dildos simply by jaw dropping things. The later scene when the transvestite reported the incident to the police was hilariously written and mentally laughed me to the dialogue. I hated the ending, not only being predictable, but leaving the open door to continue, I trembled mentally from the very thought! At the technical level, Nostril Picker is terrible, points out and hopes for a photo, mild and unsuitable music, forgotten locations, poorly decorated (Brenda was killed in the kitchen, but her blood sprayed on a TV screen that was obviously in the opposite room), from the worst actors I went through very unusual special effects that consist of several cut rubber fingers, slit throat and a quick scene in which Joe eats some meat. It's not surprising that the actors and team working on The Nostril Picker have almost no IMDb loans for anything before or after. Even at 76 minutes, Nostril Picker is very long and really boring. I could continue the whole day about how Nostril Picker was, I really could. One thing that I can not understand is that it was all deliberately directed by the film's author? Nostril Picker is truly a unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope that it will also remain unique, as she said that it is still not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's certainly close. Definitely need to avoid.
