"Fungicide" is probably the most incompetent, unpleasant, miserable "movie" I've ever seen. The act is criminal, the direction is practically non-existent, and the special effects that are likely to be made by releasing monkeys with learning difficulties on a helpless laptop. It's far from me to quench creativity, but I really believe that such things should not be made. I am sure that "filmmakers" will say that, "the film" has been impeded by a low (as well as anything) budget - but in that case they simply should not be tortured. As it is, they have offered something so terrible to the world that so only imbeciles can get the brightest nuance of enjoying it. Launching "film" was not like I was expecting "Citizen Kane" or anything. I expected a little horror with a little budget with perhaps a little inventiveness, a hint of fun, and even a little energy. What I got was the film equivalent of the used wipes. Actions? Well, our lean antihero scientist, who works in the basement of his parents, is seen manually stirring some goo in a glass. Apparently, such a high level science is the ultimate result of years of research. His parents then send him to the strange place of a hotel type in the countryside to relax. There are some more people there who are just too scary to write. In any case, a scientist draws his test tube to some mushrooms - and soon mushrooms grow and kill some people. (Vov, I'm becoming a suicide only I am writing summary summaries). Our heroes save the day by detonating the barrel of balsamic vinegar (by filling them with a "fuse" - really a piece of wire). The barrel inexplicably explodes with the power of small nuclear weapons, destroying all mushrooms. The end. (Thank God). This summary is as good as "movie" (and actually makes it more interesting than it actually is). It really should not go through this stage of development (I mean the draft drawing on the back of the envelope with crayons). Someone really should come in and give someone a powerful earthquake and say "NO". And those "special" effects. Well, they're "special" in order. This is CGI crazy. And from a person I can only assume, the bicycle pump is believed to be the pinnacle of modern technology. And when mushroom monsters are not in the style of the home computer graphics package from 1984, they are presented to actors who walk along the covered sheet (I do not kidnap you). One of the most reprehensible things about the movie is its laziness. This can be summarized by the scene in which the hero spins his pistols (a la Clint Eastwood) and then unsuccessfully manages to insert them into pockets. I mean, come on, a few re-attempts and he could draw it out, but only to leave it as it is - really weak. I can not believe that money is spent on this camcorder. "Film" producers should shame their heads and prohibit them from entering fifty meters of any movie making equipment. I also think it is wrong that friends and family producers come to the IMDb and publish fake reviews and give stupid high ratings to users who give a completely inaccurate image of "movie". "Fungicide" is the absolute travesty of the film. Mr. Vascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.
