The character of Tarzan was subjected to so many clichés and so many bad interpretations that those who are hoping for a different version (people like me, I think, who loved Tarzan's books as a kid and always wanted a movie version that was following the books for a bit) should to know how recent releases are stacked. Some of the IMDb reviews deal with this point, but here are my $ .02 I am only aware of two images from the movie Tarzan, that is, Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and Disney animated film. version, which tries to present a rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burroughs (son chestnut English noble couple, who after the death picked a tribe of monkeys who brought up as one of them, which becomes the "lord of the jungle" because of its superior human intellect before return in England and claim his second identity), and not the usual Hollywood Jungle whose origin is unknown and whose trademarks are his famous scream, his mysterious inability to speak English regardless of the long exposure to people know the tongue, the habit of clinging to the vines, its strength, heroism, etc. The only thing these two characters share is the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a woman named Jane. The TV version of Ron Elia is something compromising: Like Burroughs character, he speaks English and is good in both cultures in some way JamesBondish, but he is not Lord Greystoke and no Jane. Well, this film is in the third category of Tarzan's films, and I hope it remains a category one because it's terrible. This category uses character as a means of, for all things, soft pornography. Jane, starring legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa and is looking for his dad, an absent professor who scans the jungle for something that has never been mentioned. Although her father allegedly disappeared for a long time, she finds him effortless. Richard Harris as Dad is the best thing here; watching the movie is stupid, so he entertains himself pretending and stabbing in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid performance at Vhat's Nev Pussicat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("some kind of spirit or spirit," he says - or a stolen, or an inartistic attempt to worship King Kong) of his daughter, who is currently unknown monkey. Shortly thereafter, we hear the notorious cliché Tarzan. Daddy dies, which unusual seems to not delight her loyal daughter. And then ... Then Tarzan appears, but he does not say anything. Indeed, he does not say anything during the entire film. He and Jane are in love, and there is almost nothing to play around them, while reciting a cursing love poetry outside the screen. The end. It's a conspiracy. Well, not exactly; There is also a scene in which Tarzan unreally struggles with the bova-constrictor - the most unusual boom, because he is the only poison that he has ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the aid of a chimpanzee that helps pull out the dress that she sews to tie the wound (I'm not making it up!), And this is just one of many excuse to take her clothes I always like to finish the review by saying something positive, but this time hard. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to criticize this film to show orangutans, although we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, the classic Tarzan movies that used the Indian elephants, right? Also, you must admit that Bo Derek is quite in the face and shape. (Or, in this case, why the hell is not only made a career as an art model? What does it say about the film when it becomes simply boring look pretty wife? Actually I have not decided if that's positive? Or negatively that she never showed groin. ) But now I understand: try as hard as I can, I can not end on a positive note. See this movie if you are a bad movie. I'm from here.
