Bo Derek may have had a career that did not let his late husband John take over as its director. It's a real shame, not really, with the right direction and the right one (see "10"), Bo was fine. She would not win any prize, even at its best, but not worse than many actors who made it big for the past 15 years on the basis of the looks of it. But this was a problem, John was determined to drive the wave that Bo created with his appearance at the age of 10, and Bo's "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America," "sex symbol of the 80's." The problem is that, in John's hands, this wave has fallen sharply in just a few years. Perhaps she knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps because of that, she made films that focused on her body, not acting skills. But she's fast old. It did not matter that the films of John and Bo Derek (let's be honest) really, really bad. Their views on the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burro, the master of the jungle, the Tarzan monkey, are poorly summed up. Know what is worst? This film is boring! Make me laugh, you cry for me, just do not bother me. Even Bo's stunning looks and figures can not cause any interest, and that's what the movie was built around him, of course. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were earlier in Orca btv) screwed him up and made his scenes at least a little interesting, and Miles O'Keefe makes physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps the last laugh, after criticism criticized by this film, Miles moved to a solid career as an icon of B film, in films that were not great art, but a million times more entertaining than this. But in addition, it's Bo's body, and you can see it only so many times before you want something else to go with it. Tarzan Monkey Monkey has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his power. This film takes place at a slow pace and nothing happens in action scenes. Burroughs Tarzan was all about excitement and fulfillment of wishes (who would not want to be agile, powerful and well-looked like Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You do not get anything from this here. Watch out, and you'll lose 107 minutes of your life. When thinking, you may get a valuable lesson, so as not to carry one's film career. Bo Derek's all right in my book. She stood next to John until her dying day, she had true love for animals and nature, and even recounted her breathing in her own time at the center of attention. She also proved that she is not a stupid blond that many want her to be. If Tarzan and Bolero can survive, he can survive anything. So, Bo, come back, it's all forgiven. And as a side, is Steve Strong who plays a bad guy the same Steve Strong who is a short wrestling career?
