There are three types of bad films - cheap, boring and untrustworthy. The only really bad films are boring and untrustworthy. Bored movies are just, well, boring - if you do not go fast enough, fall asleep. Inexcusable films actually have their defenders; but the fact remains that these are masturbation aids for very sick people. Only cheap bad films are really funny, because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperate, that they reached them far from their abilities and available resources. Bo Derek is naturally boring and untidy; Fortunately, the fate and lack of resources and skills are redeeming it making it cheaper. this film is hilarious and maybe the last really funny-bad movie ever made. First time I saw it in the theater, can God forgive me; I was so laughed that I rolled off my seat, and also with most of the rest of the audience. It is clear that Derek and her promoter wife, imagined this film as, in part, a satire; Unfortunately, in the derex, obviously, the necessary resources were lacking to pull it; Accordingly, the 'satirical' element appears as an impression of a school girl about the impression of a gay young man in a genuine gorshin's impression of a puzzler in a batman trying to pretend to be a robin - not flying over our heads, there is no idea where any human head would could be. On the other hand, there are some supposedly serious moments in this movie - it was supposed to be an action movie, remember - which are so amazing cheeses, wondering if any spoiled milk is in the eye. As for Derek's incredible tendency to uncover her breasts - I can not imagine a less erotic photographic display of nudity, she is so strange to look with those broad shoulders, I can. Imagine what someone has ever seen in her. As for the plot - as it is - well, it is not. Derek is hunting Africa, and God knows why. then her father - Harris - pretends to act in a maniac puppet show, and then of course there is "Tarzan" who appears to have wondered about the advertisement without knowing that the subject has changed - probably because he did not see the script - obviously nobody is there. The negligible camera performance, poor mounting - if there were no 3-way chimpanzees, the movie would be unbearable - like, it's a real joke.
