This is a reflection of Tarzan in the era of Soloflex and the Apocalypse now. There is nothing inherently wrong in using movies of eased moral constraints to show the erotic side of legends about Tarzan. There is nothing wrong with the assumption that Tarzan does not speak. Much is wrong with the claim that a woman who could be found in the African jungle in 1910 could be insultingly stupid and plastic. Bo will have as few lines as possible when researching the bodies, because this movie is just a video center, as neutral as possible, so you can project yourself and your prodigious fantasies into the project. If it succeeds anywhere, it implies that National Geographic has influenced the way in which the picture of Tarzan's film could be built. It would be ridiculous to argue that movies must not use a sexual task as ONE of many tools for drawing viewers. Some really great movie moments incorporate it. But this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum - teasing is the only thing that's happening here; at the time of publication and now. Sit through horrible, stupid scenes that do not offer any interest, and the mile of recordings play poorly in order to get rid of the next sight in both bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, I congratulate you for doing the libido.) But if that's your excuse for a good grade, then you should visit pornographic shop and supplies. There is only a difference between the two formats and (I only guess here) so that an angry viewer really enjoys the other. The question is whether mainstream movie is the best place in the market for viewers looking for products that only satisfy lust. As shovman, John Derek successfully used the sexual mysticism developed by Bo's wife's film "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project whose only merit was the heat of the two tracks. The film itself was in addition to that. He was about 20 years ahead of his time in thinking of the audience that he would be applauded by what he had done by an unforgettable, shallow film that was just about showing superficiality. As a director, John Derek seems to require only that lady. Derek looks nice, empty and humpy in every scene. That's disgusting. Setting up the camera is bored. Regarding editing, the complete wiper catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is meaningless. And it's a bug that will commit a worse offense on the screen; Bo Derek who is such a bimbo can not even understand how to play bimbo, or Richard Harris shouting every turn (as he likes to do) until you want to kill him. At least with Bo you can imagine blaming an angry writer for having replaced her.
