Certainly one of the most unreliable transformations of classics in the history of the film - especially because the promise of his vine "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time" is not even well-used! Although this movie has been regularly shown on TV in my forest since my childhood, its notoriety (because of horror, not erotic content, watch it) has so far kept me away from it - and I just relaxed because I recently enjoyed in Bo Derek's previous film, 10 (1979), and watched many fantastic things during the Christmas period. Lead actress / producer Bo Derek is pretty funny playing a sexually innocent student (a witness to the unusual banana scene) and, as expected, she was made to go several times, but, as they were welcome to this scene, it came out as far more sensual in ten than here; Richard Harris, therefore, is a continuously chewing landscape as the father of Jane's obsessed researcher, but John Philip Lav is barely able to register as his assistant who tacitly shows some initial interest in Jane; the novelist, Miles O'Keeffe, has a title role and enters his entrance only 45 minutes into the film, completely silent, except for his famous jodel (which is probably already erected by Johnny Veissmuller!) and, moreover, equally inaccessible as one of the trees from which is at regular intervals in the second half of the film! for the record, he later starred in two ATOR films (or could be an importer of CONAN) for Joe D'Amato and the set of King Arthur, SVORD VALIANT (1984). Being an actor, director John Derek (who also serves as his own cameraman) worked with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, Villiam Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and several excellent (Otto Preminger , Nicholas Rai and Don Siegel), but clearly learned from them that the direction of this direction is a great responsibility: sometimes it is astoundingly pretentious (testifying to the perfectly terrible attack of pithon attacks) with senseless over-use using the slow motion technique and cheese transitions; This was Derek's seventh film as a director (and his second from four with his wife Bo) and, in the end, he could only make two more. The final failure of the film should be measured only by the fact that Tarzan's legend once again dealt with the film - in GREISTOC: THE LEGEND OF TARZANA, THE LORD APESS (which, surprisingly enough, I have not yet seen) - only three years later !! Nominated for six Razzie Prizes (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and the victory for themselves Bo Derek, TARZAN, APE MAN was written by Gary Goddard, the future director of yet another highly anticipated, but at the end of the disappointing transposition to the silver screen this time animated) hero, MASTER OF UNIVERSE (1987), which I will review again (iai)! Despite the charming final series that shows that Tarzan and Jane play around with orangutan and a musical scorecard that is not at all bad and quite arousing occasionally, every delayed good intent is defeated by the utterly stupid climax that fully involves Painting God's Painting. white, fatal, clear disinterest of John Derek for the very character of Tarzan, which makes him an unimpressive supportive character in his own film!
