It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But that should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981 there was a pretty ugly stain on CVs of both men. There is no doubt that John Derek devised this film by working for his wife what "Some Like It Hot" and "One Million Iears BC" made for Marilyn Monroe and Rakuel Welsh, creating a cult sex symbol for a new decade. After running to embrace Dudley Moore on Bo's reputation, actors and stars from all the stars and recording locations in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. But, as they say, the mortal plan and God laughs. It was said that, when this film was premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows's estate attempted to take legal action against him. Bo Derek starring Jane Parker, who moves to Africa at the turn of the century, to reunite with his drunken, offensive dad, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is a researcher who began to find the "Great Inland Sea" of the things of the local legend, whose existence is poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth watching a beautiful Hammi, tank-up performances that include singing an Irish ditti on an Indian elephant that somehow found its way to Africa (whether it arrived at the same time as Orang-Utan with Sumatra?) Although Jane claims that despised Parker, Bo and Rich's relationship is terribly incestuous, testifying perhaps about the effects of tropical heat. Soon, however, local legends begin to circle around the Big White Monkey, and Jane is hearing a famous jodel. This is a film sign for Miles O'Keefe, the future B-Movie star, which makes an unusual debut like the ligament-trained Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Veismuller with his English language or Ron Eli who speaks the language fluently, O'Keefe Tarzan is dumb. Given the Bo and Richie dialogue, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan eventually arrive to the Great Inland Sea, located on the top of a huge plateau that seems to be half way through Africa ... Take care if the sea, the lakes and other water places are generally located in low areas? It does not matter, it's just one of the many anomalies in John Derek's space. The crew tried to descend to the cliffs, and when the ropes bite, Harris urla echoing the abuse to unhappy people who were plummeted to their death. On another occasion, Jane decides to swim by naked swim along the inland sea, giving another opportunity to see some free nakedness. There is a male lion from nowhere. Now the lions usually travel proudly and never approach the beaches, but later, Tarzan will fight with the (poisonous) dick. It seems that zoology was not one of the strong sides of John Derek ..... This is Tarzan's film, Jane is enchanted by the Lord's jungle and decided to take her innocence. But since you've seen his closeness with some of these chimps, you have to ask yourself ... As we already know, not only did Edgar Rice Burroughs possibly sue. It is very likely that certain primates talked with their lawyers: the chimps here make you miss the Chita. Especially when doing ridiculous things such as riding elephants and clapping when Tarzan and Jane finally come to him! The highlight of this film is that Bo and Harris are caught up with some pretty stereotyped cannibals that dwarfs our heroin and are preparing to sacrifice it / eat it. It's enough to say that the Big Wood Monkey gets his girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets into a huge elephant's elephant! This does not prevent dying Parker from delivering an imaginary monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the property lawsuit Rice Burrows never came true, but the 'Tarzan Monkey Monkey' rammed into a cashier (without kidding?) Damage. John Derek could direct 'Tarzan Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe who live in domestic bliss, and Dudley Moore as 'Boi'.
