As this film escaped from the crippling MST3K I will never know. "Gimkata" is a funny action movie, filled up (or is it empty?) With thin papers, stupid characters and meaningless situations. But take it from me, if you enjoy watching the poor, but stupid movies, you will enjoy a lot of "lunch." The action is focused on the gymnasts elected by government agents (at least I think they were government agents) to become a spy. You see that his dad was another quasi-government agent, who disappeared and competed in this game, called, the eloquently, "The Game". So, the gymnast (who Kurt Thomas played rogue) is training to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost father. Sounds promising, right? Okay, so not, but still, the dance scenario of naked bones does not begin to describe the joy of this film. They can be found in strange details of the film. Like a mysterious Asian gymnastics girl who does not talk about the first half hour of a movie, she suddenly starts talking and does not close the rest of the time! Or a really stubborn guy without a shirt who likes to make and breaks nonexistent rules "The Game" whenever he wants. And of course, there is also our hero a wonderful mess through the "Village Crazies" (obviously it's the right place for a name!). Nice place to visit, but I would not want to live there. But where is this film really great is the action scene. Since our protagonist is a gymnast, the director thought it was wise to put gymnastics equipment in the back streets and city squares of Middle East cities so that our Gimkata master could use parallel gymnastic skills in fighting evil at parallels of bars and horses. It must be seen to be believed. One interesting thing. A lot, I would say about half of the actors, die from the arrow. Interestingly, because the arrows are the only compelling effects or action in the whole movie. If these are really effects, my main message is the compliment to the one who designed it and the very realistic lightning wounds. It was more likely that this was a way for the film to not pay extras. However, "Gimkata" deserves a glance if you see it without payment and you are looking for some stupidity that is an easy target for rebuilding. <br /> <br />
