... and in no way * as pure, logical and understandable as in the picture in that pathetic sum of tired Hollywood clichés. I am 27 years old and I spent 16 years of my life struggling through misleading phobia and paranoid hallucinations. As the main character in the film, I was successful mainly because of the logic: because I was constantly thinking to keep the error away from reality, and to know what is actually happening and what is not. In the end, I was really successful about the drugs, by the way, but I certainly escaped from madness because I knew before I took drugs the difference between what is real and what is not. So, I think I have the right to tell you that this movie is a total scam. Not only is he cheating on the main story (which was not true to his wife, who is bisexual - something really important here), but mainly shows a consoling, stunted view of schizophrenia - which is completely lacking. Schizophrenia is the structure of the mind, not the disease. Schizophrenic * is not a "normal man with a disease," it is someone who is from an early view and feels things different from most people: for him things like time, space and personality are not solid things. He feels he can be bent, he can change, can mutate, and maybe even disappear. To deal with this, the schizophrenic has a rich, very imaginative inner world that "normal" people do not expect - but he is trapped in him because he can not connect with most people, and his world becomes poorer and poorer until he ends up in an empty, misleading dead end. This is very different from what is shown in this ridiculous "drug", a film that is twitching. It should be violently scary. People other than the main character should look strange, weird and absurd, as in Linch's "Eraserhead", for example. There should be truly impressive, weird, rough hallucinations, because that's what it is about. It's not about * details *. I mean, watch "Naked Lunch", "Lost Highvai", read P.K. Dick's "Mars Time-Split" or "Ubik" watch the Cells, the Blue, the Dark City, or play "American McGuire Alice" on the PC, and you may have an unclear idea of ​​how it is. Do not watch the movie "feel well" in the month, with banal situations, cleansed characters and visual effects, and stupid tricks for complication. "Cell" is the most accurate film about the schizophrenic mind, its visions and its internal consistency - it's violent, weird, confusing and very, very scary. Once again, schizophrenia is not in question details, it's not a tidy, pitched trick. It dribbles into your face and it will not let you: walls collapse, people turn into strange enemy creatures, you feel like you are going back in time, you are not sure that you are what you think is, everything feels. .. strange, unnatural. Believe me, this is much more than what is shown in this soap-like melodrama
