Like most people, I was attracted to buying this movie because of the images of the powerful Bolo Ieung scribbled per box, and the assumptions (from the above images and the title of the movie) that this film is all about the Beast of the Eastern Curse in 90 minutes. However, for my disappointment, the Chinese Herculean was Bolo Ieung who had no withdrawal for Jean Claude Van Damme and the Fearless Tiger was ... Bolo Ieung - Maximum Exposure to Video Boxing, Minimum Real Time Screen! Oh well! The story is a pretty basic thing, but it was well-made - a quiet kung fu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally kills a man and promises he will never fight again. Then he runs to work as a worker at the mall where he impresses his colleagues with his heavy lifting of the bag, causing them to suspect that he is a great fighter (I do not know how it works, but it does not matter). In the meantime, a corrupt dock header deals with gangsters, giving them exclusive use of ghouls. As a result, the workers are thrown into the ear and forced to live on the beach, where they unite against their boss, the gangster boss and his huge stockholder Bolo Ieunga. While the movie was pretty watching (mostly through waiting for the next look at Bolo), I had several problems with it - first, poor sync, but of course it's in old kung fu movies. But the film had a tendency to retreat between different battle scenes. As far as the fighting scenes are concerned, I found them long, poorly choreographed (apparently from Jackie Chan!), Poorly recorded and sometimes performed by people who did not have any skills in martial arts. In fact, most of the fighting in this movie was not a 'fight' at all, but people who were beaten without any resistance! I've never seen any other movie with this guy, but at no time was I for him. Not only did he look flabby and on the edge of tears at any moment, but I found his insistence on not quarreling! I understood his thinking, but he could save many people a lot of pains that he had previously done what we all knew would ultimately do, and fight! The bigger the mystery was, why this whole community of people gave their hopes to a guy they never saw. Really, the big savings in this film was the presence of Bolo Ieung. Not only is he huge and brutal as always, he has some great, funny lines and gives the rest of an actor's masterpiece on how to fight the movie. The guy ejects the presence of the screen and you can easily see how he became a star. A man scares me, but I'm sure I was not the only person who watched this movie that made it to Bolo until the end of the fight! All in all, the under-average kung-fu movie has raised several huge incisions for you-know-it-yourself. I never met a person who did not think Bolo Ieung was great. Man is a legend !!
