I'll get to the movie in a minute. First, someone wanted "evidence" of Clinton's comments in George Town, where he claimed that the US "earned" 9-11 attacks. Well, here's what Clinton said: "In the first Crusade, when Christian soldiers captured Jerusalem, they first burnt a synagogue with 300 Jews in it and continued to kill every woman and child who was Muslim. I can tell you this story still speaks in the Middle East, and we still pay for it. We still pay for it? What does "we" mean, pale? Marines did not enter the temple of Mount. <br /> <br /> /> But, truth, Clinton never really came out and said smoothly that we "deserved" 9-11. Like all his statements during his presidency, he is IMPLIED that we have earned 9-11. Just point out the "fact" of A, B, C, and perhaps D, and let the listener conclude that they must add Ks's conclusion.When true, most of Clinton's "Facts" added guacamole. /> <But it does not matter, here we are talking about movies, not politics. Unfortunately, when Oliver's "Captain Conspiracy" works for a movie, you can not escape from his distorted politics. It was only a matter of time when he would focus his paranoia and outrage at Regan's era, and it's better than the time when Stone's dreams almost came true, on the day Reagan almost bought the farm. In the inability to find any complications or schemes in Hinckley's attempted assassination, he invents one with Al Haig. From the simple misunderstanding of the chain of constitutional authority, Haig transforms himself from a civil servant who really should have wiped out his medical bureaucracy into the bustle of megalomania. You almost expect Haig to rub your hands like Montgomery Burns and tell Cape Weinberger to "let the dogs." Stone even recruits the most deadly person in Hollywood to play our former Secretary of State Richard Dreifuss. The guy you love hates in sight. All in all, the movie is fine. On average, hover below the average. Do not try to rent or buy. Try catching it on the cable. 4 of 10
