Today I saw this film on Histori Channel (2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary - it's a drama. But, one could hope that at least the critical "facts" that the story turns around are based on real events. Regan was killed, and the other characters were real people. The movie got it right. Since then, the reliance on facts has quickly collapsed. I've never heard of this movie before I saw it. Since I was a TV reporter at the time of these events, I was amazed that I never heard anything about the bizarre behavior of the Secretary of the Haig, as presented by Richard Dreifuss. The whole nation heard "I am under control ...", but Dreufuss Haig harassed the cabinet and was completely out of control personally. Looking at the movie, I began to explore the subject on the Internet and quickly found the current audio tapes and transcripts of most conversations from the situation room to turn this movie into a re-creation. Unbelievably, many of the main "facts" of the film meant they showed that the White House, the Secret Service, etc. In total chaos - and that national leadership is behaving irrational and leading the world near the edge of a nuclear war - is clearly inaccurate. They did not happen! There must be an internal conflict. Haig makes the wrong steps, his performance in the press room is historically sad and he is "tough". But nothing comes close to the scenes shown in the movie. There are too many mistakes on the list, but every fair comparison of the recorded and written records and fantasies of this film raises the question of what the producers really are trying to achieve. Enlightened? Inform? Have fun? I think they've failed on all three fronts. It is difficult for others to attach motives, but it must seriously examine what lies behind such a shameless invention. Regarding the continuation of the documentary film "Reel to Real", which loved my favorite historical show, almost did not mention the problems that were the central focus of the film - namely, events in the Administration on the day of the filming. So, the viewer is left to explore those without much - if any - help from the network.
