Last night I attended one of the premiers and had the following observations: 1. Just because you directed a ton of music videos does not make you qualified for making movies. The film had an excessive amount of long-lasting images without meaning, horrible corners and terrible illumination. Editing did not help this mess at all. When "Dicky" appears late at the commemoration that her mother mentions about her hand, but it's never clear what it is about. 2. The action was promising, but the scenario was thin and full of Ford holes. We can never understand what drives characters, what really is behind the conflicts that everyone has with each other or exactly how they solve them. For sixteen years the distance was deleted in 4 days apparently by magic. Deep conversations were interrupted by stupid clichés. (In fact, the entire city was one big cliff of southern life.) Half of the crowd wept when Tobi pulled out "I bleed your blood through your veins" ... and we were treated with that uncomfortable line more than once, but twice! The announcements provoked a whimper, and dramatic acknowledgments were reduced to "I was stupid and stubborn." 3. The acting was fine with regard to the wreck of the script they had to work with. Toby was dark and thought about the majority of the film, but when he smiled and brightened, he was charming. Too bad he did not have more time on the screen. Kelli Preston's actors are pretty rusty and it shows. Lindsay Haun is talented and certainly not her fault that the writers made her character so unbearable at first not to blame her father for not coming to look for her. Burt Reinolds and Tess Harper managed to make more of this film, but they looked more or less lost. (And indeed, their characters are lost in this movie!) 4. If you are a fan of Toby, you will love the songs. However, often the film felt as though the scene was forced only to be able to portray one of his songs - or artists at his publishing house. For example, the official love song of the movie "Crash Here Tonight". He would think he would play around a gentle love scene, but no ... we hear about it for 45 seconds while going to the commemoration. As if they said "well, we need to use this song somewhere". The song "Broken" has been persecuted and the best thing about this film. In a nutshell ... a promising action never develops completely and the film is terribly uneven because it is strongly trying to be Tobi Keith's music vehicle and product placement for Ford Trucks. It's from making people restore broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music, but the story is so badly told that both points are lost in this colored video. I like Tobi and I really wanted to like "Broken Bridges", but the people he counted to let this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know.
