This TV production from 1970, featuring Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eire" on the screen, and how much it can go wrong. The truth is that the film has been transported to DVD - some of the scenes that were complete in the original have been shortened and so poorly edited that there are striking gaps in continuity and that even one crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing was better, the movie would not be. The scenario is bad, the portrait of the characters is inaccurate in the novel and almost all actors are wrong. As a consequence, there is no sense in looking at the adaptation of the novel by Charlotte Bronte. The problem is not only that a certain number of scenes is shortened or omitted - this is the case with all short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do not at all depict the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel. This Jane Eire leaves Gateshead and starts with Jane's coming to Lovood. Although this is all right, since some scenes must be left out, it's not understandable that, instead of using the time it has acquired (so to speak) and basically portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence on Jane's development, The lecture in the Christian stoicism she teaches, the film almost exclusively focuses on the physical abuse of Helene, which leads to the absurd extreme in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but Miss Scatchard is shown here as some sort of Sadistic prison department, who deliberately wants to drive Helen to premature death. And this is all that is happening in Lovood. If you compare this with the profound impact of years spent in Lovood on Jane in a novel, you can only regret that the film does not touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane's life. And this is a problem through this adaptation: It runs from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere near the essence of the novel comes. Dialogues are a strange mix of fictional lines and lines from the novel very clumsy, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share only 5 minutes together on the screen before they fall in love, and a small conversation containing nothing of brightness, intensity and the humor of the conversation between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only did Bront's linguistic injustice, but he even managed to destroy her moral structure with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane went to see Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester said: "Yet, I once loved (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is truly an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and that he is trapped in a marriage for a crazy woman he has never loved, and that his attempt to seek a true life partner, if not consecrated by God's and human law, and yet understandable and forgiving! But this single sentence totally undermines Bront's whole carefully designed moral concept and turns Rochestera into a dirty old man who wants a new young woman because the old man is no longer of any use to him. From mistakes. in connection with the casting error scenario: Now I am not one of those who insist on the physical similarity between the actor and the literary figure he shows, but without any stretch of imagination it is possible to imagine a beautiful, blue, blue - Susannah Iork was completely loud and loud actress of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was in the thirties when the film was shot and looks. She played, shy, reserved and inexperienced young novel Jane becomes a perfectly ready, graceful and mature woman, completely safe in herself and her deserts. I'm not saying Susannah York does not play well and convincingly, but the woman she shows is not Bront's Jane Eire. Being George C. Scott as Rochester had to be motivated by the desire to have Rochester who looked old enough that the 18-year age difference between Jane and Rochester would be acceptable. Scott seems to have about 50 years, but he works in various scenes as if he was 70 years old. scripts. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional peak of the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester sleeps. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, he is equally grateful as a grandfather who just visited his elderly house by his favorite granddaughter. The only person who shows the appropriate amount of emotions is St. John, all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his eager request for Jane's love is so touching that the impression is that Bannen modeled his St. John on Rochester's novel. But well, although Bannen, his St. John is as far removed from the novels as York Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing "Jane Eire" are location and result, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to watch and compare each adaptation "Jane Eire".
