I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (Jan '06) and after that I followed the discussion between directors and the public. Many people reacted shocked and protesting. He will receive many negative reviews. But: the world is so cruel and not funny. People do not like it. This does not mean that the film is bad. I see that difference. Do not shoot the messenger that shows us the world beyond our 'hubble'! Still, I think this is a bad movie. Film-technical is good. Nice recordings and scripts, best music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film, but psychology is of poor quality. Describing such strong violence is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How shy a boy comes to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but he's not good at it. The director has repeatedly used the word 'selfishness' of people, referring to the example of the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish, - only someone in several roles, taking care of his students, and worried about his own scenario. I think it's simplistic to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is creepy, and the mother has made terrible mistakes ('you terribly let me down'), but for me it does not become convincing that a lot of pain has been caused, that a shy boy comes to such terrible things. In fact, reality is far more complex than the way this film describes ?? and needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process, please, so we understand. With a written phrase in the end, the director said that it points to an alternative lifestyle. It was another extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists who promote black / white thinking. The correlation of violence in films and society has been demonstrated. The use of such violence gives the responsibility to use this right. It has enough black / white thinkers in the world, which cause much war and misery. I hope this film will not be successful.
