Violence, whether it's real or not always has an impact. In this film, violence is as rough as you can look for. In Great Ecstasy, the director successfully demonstrated to what extreme violence people are capable of. But what's the point? Violence looks like a mixture of Noah's "Irreversible" and "Kubrick's" Clockvork Orange "... they are both extraordinary movies. Do not misunderstand me, I do not mind the violence on the screen and I've seen some nasty things in my film years, but this movie The story is totally underdeveloped, and the story has never been developed enough to offer any cause for extreme violence, because it is the slim reason why you give us Robert's death. Danni Dier plays a character who is partly responsible for Robert's death, but he's on the screen less than 5 minutes. Leslie Man Robert is not able to deal with his mother, I'm not sure what some of these actors are doing in the movie of this low caliber.The acting is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with a TV cook and his wife, for example, is painful to watch, if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote those dialogues?! Some of the comments that boys give ... "seem to enjoy it", they are so tired of trying to make someone laugh, that there was no Claire's wish to It bombs us with disturbing images of mutilated female genitals. Why do we need to show such details to a director's adolescent obsession with a sadistic pornographic image ... one can only ask the psychology of this young man. The "political significance" of the film was on several occasions. we got attention due to the amount of scenes; at the bar, in front of the chef's home, the reports of the war in Iraq may have been too obvious to me in my opinion. Yes, the war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all prone to horrible violent acts, whether you are politicians or on the street. is the meaning of violence in a person. This question is what we have not yet been able to grasp and certainly not in this film. My opinion: derived, poorly made and meaningless.
