There is only one word for this movie. Appalling. The director is obviously talented, but like his character Robert Carmichael throws it all out. Carmichael has the potential, but as Crai can not make an effort to use it. Crai's vision of the British youth is dragging into petty crimes and then descending into pervertedness. Like the British tabloids, this film shows young people without aspirations and respect. Crai cries for attention, but does not deserve anything. I was amazed by the act of violence that Crai decided to hack into the face of the audience. He assumes that the audience is not aware of the world's crimes. As a piece of obscene graffiti on the wall of the toilet, it shows us male malice with adolescent joy. Some quality actors have small parts in this movie. Danni Dier and Leslie Manville both perform short performances. The act is otherwise amateur, young Joe and Ben are trying. Carmichael plays Daniel Spencer is creepy. Miranda Wilson plays Monika, an attractive wife of Jonathan Cook (Michael Hove); how she was able to undergo such temptation, this is incredible. The film is never subtle, and Monica is treated the most unpredictable violence that is harvested by war. War images are used to convey the idea that young men can not help themselves, that violent acts will happen even in "civilized" countries. This is quite certainly true and symptomatic for our changed society where men have a less important position, but Crai descends to the level of barbaric men he wants to reveal through his use of such brutal and violent images. Female characters in the film do not provide relief. They are either victims, or in Manville's case a mother is exhausted. The community is presented as dysfunctional. This is Crai's first movie. I listened to what he had to say during the K and A session in Edinburugh and he was not unintelligent, simply lacking experience and his film reveals his naivety. The film should be released at the end of this year, but I hope that the company will collapse because the public really does not need such a mess.
