I'm always careful not to take too much time to not love a movie. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently, or dig it after 50 years on another continent, and some cult followers find something stylish unusual that initially went unnoticed. After sitting in the Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at her premiere in Great Britain, I was not surprised to find that the session of questions and answers was more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), with the help of the director and film producer, gave a lively defense of the film, rather than receiving the overall negative reaction of the audience. Edinburgh's public festivals are not easily shocked. Only one person turned out to be disgusted. The critics of the film included very articulated and constructive criticism of the lay public, as well as the actor and the woman who surrenders to film directors. This was not an excessively "shocking" movie. There was a certain degree of continuous sexual violence, but far less extreme than many films (the majority of actual contact with the weapon was obscured, as well as excited genitals). The audience did not like it because they went through two hours that were quite boring, where the acting standards were not high, where the action was bad, foreseeable, and drawn, and where they were subjected to clumsy and pretentious film action on the promise of a controversial film. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are fictitious, overly pronounced and disorderly (except for the general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the 'fig tree' reference to Markuis de Sade, as one member of the audience expressed, it seems only a tokenistic excuse for the absence of the development of the plot toward the finish. We have a story about an adolescent who has a certain amount for him (he stands out in school because of his musical abilities) but takes drugs and hang out with young people who have little or nothing for them and whose criminal activities are stretching to rape and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence in him. The film is not completely without merit. The audience remains to decide how Robert came in this way: was it the influence of his peers? Why did not all good influences and the care of parents and teachers fail to involve him in a better approach to life? Kinematic, there is a carefully mounted scene in which to return (whether through too much drugs, shyness, latent sense of morality, or just waiting for a row?). Several of his friends rape a woman in the back room, partially visible and framed in the middle of the screen. In the foreground of naked bones, DJ is more concerned that girls scream off his happy home music than with any thought for a woman. In the end, he is a little angry if their activities attract the attention of the police. The strong opposition to the serious enjoyment of the handsets in his music, even when he knows that rape happens, points to his ultimate contempt in a deeply disturbing manner. Robert throws his back toward us in the foreground. But the rest of the film, including an allegedly controversial climax involving significant (if not excessively real) sexual violence, is incompatible with this standard. Some people had a strong reaction to this (claimed by the authors of the film: "If they vomit, we managed to make a reaction"), but mainly - and, as far as I can tell, the Edinburgh reaction seems to reflect reports from the Khan - they feel: Why did the developers underwent such a poor film quality? " Director Clai Hugh can speak, but has not developed an artistic vision. His answers to keeping the mirror in life telling the truth about things moving under the carpet, even his defense that there was a small development of the plot because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all good responses to criticism, but, unfortunately, they do not apply on his film, more than holding a mirror while someone empties or loses a movie while playing reckless with symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any doubt, I talked to him a few minutes after the screening, but I found him as tired as his film and soon moved to a bar to wash my mouth with something more important. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, to entertain others, to inspire others. I asked him whether he had a social or political program and mentioned Ken Lojo (one of the many great names he took in vain), and he did not go so far as to recognize any program. Then he returns to his mantra about his job to tell the truth. I remain feeling that this was a pre-ambitious project for a new director, or otherwise a dishonorable attempt to put on a map courting publicity for sub-prime works. Andi Varhol could have painted a can of cans and that was art. Clai Hugh would like to imitate the great directors who made controversial cinema and pushed the borders. Unfortunately, at the moment, his ability extends only to excuses for a film that seeks publicity.
