I've seen it recently and I have to say: This movie is horrible. I'm watching shitty movies from the party. Scarecrow is not fun. The scarecrow is stupid. You have an incredibly wretched villain who enjoys screaming terrible games while killing his victims (actually worse than the one in this sentence). He has his own story of the hard luck he uses to justify his murders. "Everyone takes me. The only girl who thinks I'm not a trailer-a garbage she loves one of the guys who pick me. I want to kill everything." OK, I'm exaggerating. But the premise for this film is enough to put it at the bottom of the list of shitty movies. Adding what I just said, mother's mother is promiscuous, enters the mother and her current boy takes it, my mom tells him to go, the child refuses, insisting that he will not leave his house. The boy runs the child into the field of corn. He kills a little girl in front of his mother, screams screaming in horror, the boy is like, "OMG! I did not mean it!" Then she tells Mom that nothing tells the police about it. Still, the kid was killed under a scarecrow. So, like any kid who is killed under a scarecrow, it returns like a scarecrow of a murderer with a vengeance. His victims are "not so persecuted ..." (the official scare mark). To make things worse, this film was filmed for an incredible 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I wanted to give this film 2, because in spite of myself, it has one or two moments for redemption. (They are spoilers, so I will not spoil you if you really want to see this shit.) I could forgive something because of the bad acting, terrible special effects, the sinless scenario and the poor performance of the camera, but I just do not have respect for lack of effort at that level. This film is not nearly as good as I print it. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you enjoy watching bad films, like me, then look at this at your own risk. Everyone else should stay at a safe distance from this movie at any time.
