I'm not sure what led me to the movie to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For some time, I was hoping to at least tell me to surprise, but then she realized it was a waste of time, there was nothing. I only stayed because I had another play after that. Design: some designs were pretty nice, mainly from the environment, but the characters were terrible in terms of animation and design. They look great while they are still - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to live! They just did not work, mostly due to the same mistake that most 3D companies say: it's technically very difficult to create really natural materials in 3D, which would make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence the money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the film are made of "fabric", and that simply did not work! So they had this ugly cold feeling of computer art, where the fabric stretches or squeezes as a piece of plastic. Simply, he did not have a sense of material, of which the dolls were made (which meant signs). I think it was a big mistake to choose this character style. He had the feeling of 3D 3D games. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on the screen, I do not know about you ... The animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and I am terribly disappointed with the low level of animation in "9". It was stiff, boring, there was almost no imagination or mood. That was just a bit more than the average 3D animations I've seen, and this does not add anything good to it ... And all of this - bad character design and bad animation can solve a good story, is not it ?! It was not the case here. Actually, the story was the worst thing in that movie. It was below any level. It starts straight ahead, goes straight ahead and ends the same. There is no turning point, no surprises, no good dialogue, not even development. We have heard and seen stories of machines that transcend humanity thousands of times, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of that movie. The characters do not even have time to venture into the story - they are just there, showing almost immediately, and immediately some of them take action even when they do not find out what's going on. Simply failed. There are also many repeating action sequences that looked like they were made to fill the time for the lack of a story ... to say, it was pathetic. The bad story has a bad script, and besides a dialog like "No, do not do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can not do it yourself!" "We can together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc. etc. and so on, and they are constantly repeated, so besides these terribly pathetic dialogues, there were those who did not stand "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh" and "Vhatchout" and "Run" ! "and" OhOhh! "that followed almost every jump, running or falling character, and even sounded like they were not synchronized or even unconnected. Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything that was expected, no surprises, no turn, nothing. Only some good designs are not worth the time. BIG NO!
