I can not seriously believe that Tim Burton and Timur Beckhambetov, the two people I love, signed to produce this shit. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest I lost interest in him for some time, because his last few films had remake or adaptation. He produced a great "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I watched many times, and directed films such as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Holl", which are brilliant movies. Beckhambetov directed three films that I love: night watch, daily watch and search. I only saw his three, but they prove that he is a terrific director. These two men produced one of the many reasons why I was excited to see 9. So, today I went to see him in the theater. I was so excited that I finally saw him. I waited 7 months for the film to come out. This film is the first time I got out of the movie about Tim Berton and said: "I enjoyed it almost in that." I felt a broken heart that I even felt that way. I mean, with him and Beckambetov at the production helm, I would expect this film to be a good watch. At the moment, I still can not figure out how I gave up this movie. I did not even hear about the original short film before I saw it, but now, I can successfully say that this film should remain a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made AVESOME a full remake of Alive in Joburg called District 9, which was so hard to get for 9? I really wanted to think this movie is great. I really am. But no, it has failed on so many levels. The action was extremely confusing and unconnected. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. Basically, it's about a bunch of robot dolls trying to save the earth. Well, OK, I got it from him. But writing here is extremely bad. The whole movie jumps around as a 6-year-old with A.D.D. tells the story. There's a big, giant monstrous robot that wakes up 9, causing destruction to the rest. This is the main criminal. However, what's wrong with this movie is that EVERYONE comes from EVERYONE. There were too many monstrous robots, most of which have no logical explanation. They have any development. I mean, that flying pterodactyl, like a monster, is just getting away from nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acker just expects us to know what it is. What was even more retarded is a snake-like creature with stubborn eyes that hypnotize. I dare to describe this description to someone else, and I expect them not to laugh. All three people I said they laughed. Oh, and wrap the victims in them. I am. NOT. KIDDING. Turning to Part III is the weakest aspect of the whole movie. Basically, 9 is returning to the room where he woke up, finds this box with a hologram of scientists in her for 9, and tells him that the great terrible robot machine is designed to bring robotic life to earth, but then evil people use it for war , and it was supposed to help protect the country, but then the scientist gave his life 9, so he can help the world with it. AND HIS PURPOSES GIVE YOUR LIFE TO 9. But what about other robots? WHAT ARE THEIR LIFES? This is a perfect example of poor, urgent writing. There is only one of the things that relates to a lifestyle device, so how did the remaining 8 get their life? The characters are not at all cute. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 I was upset by my "GO BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an irresistible idiot, 2 we do not know anything about it, 5 I was still irritated by his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions. And that end? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the ending was a huge moment of VTF. There is nothing that could be used for this shit except for his beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and nice, I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. Although it is true that this movie is very nice, it's pretty nice, and nine are squats. I'm sure the Burton fans will agree to the theater to watch this movie without a doubt, in fact, when his and Beckhamett's names cast for promotions, people will snoop in the theater to see this film. I know that maybe I make a big thing out of nothing, but watching this movie led me to figure out how much I hate movies with similar characters, non-existent complication and pure style in relation to content. And this film is one of those movies.
