My thoughts on the movie, 9 <br /> <br /> It was not good, it's not good at all. Visual, it was great. I was pleased with pacing, camera angles, etc. However, the characters? eh, somehow bland. Plot? It's exhausted. This film looked like a newer age, than anything else. An organized religion is presented as cowardly and scared. Science is not better shown. It creates a weapon of monsters that kills everything ... but "souls" have the power to destroy the monsters and bring their lives? Really? It's something that bites me a little bit. Here we have a CGI film ... created by science ... and they use it to give us a message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us? At least they had the power to ask one of the characters: "Okay, what now?" (or something similar). I could not hear it well because the crowd immediately got up and made a break for the exit. It was "okay ... it was barely enough fun to sit here for the entire movie, but now we're going from here as fast as possible!" type of exit. This is one of those movies in which you can not think if you want to enjoy. Just look at the pictures and nod your head. Any thought about it, "what is the purpose of that?" he will suck you out of disbelief and force you to look at the exit sign with a longing. OK ... SPOILERS follow. So, basically, a scientist creates a "machine" that is capable of creating another, intelligent, robotic life. Evil people use it as a weapon. However, the scientist realizes that he is guilty. He gave the machine his intellect, but he did not give his heart. The machine goes off Skinet on the collective ass of humanity and cleans all life on earth, finally slowly weakens. However, the scientist manages to survive and make puppets for walking. Each, which contains a part of the soul of a scientist. Last, # 9 wakes up knowing nothing about the world. He sees a weird device nearby and pick it up. He meets with another like him, # 2. <BR> <BR> Well, # 2 is caught by the last surviving robot machine. # 9 finds more like him and moves to save # 2. They succeed. # 9 notes that there is an appropriate aperture that perfectly fits the device. He puts it in and the Machine returns to life ... pulling soul # 2 into the process. The film then proceeds with action scenes from # 9 trying to save its compatriots. They eventually succeed and destroy the Machine. They release the souls of their fallen friends who go to the clouds. Then it rains and we see that life returns back to the planet. Hunh?!? It makes no sense. Still nothing. Why did the scientist want to share his soul in homunculus? What has it achieved? Are they created to stop the machine? Everything is dead! The machine was dead! Why bother? Why did he expect the nine small creatures to succeed when nothing else had? Why not create another intellectual machine, but with the "soul" that will fight the first ... at least it would seem as if it had a reasonable chance of success. Why did they have to have their machines suck their souls into the device, then destroy the Machine, and then free souls to make life come back to Earth? Why not just wait for the machine to go out and restore life without all the other crazy steps?
