First of all, this film is not a complete disaster. If you've never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons, then that might seem like a sensible party. Johnny Knoxville can not be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he's pretty good at turning and dropping onto the ground, and you can sort the roots of his long-time man. Michael Shannon is responsible for the same reasons, except that he is a hippie stoner. There are several good individual comedic scenes - the hippy-dead car that stab into the door of the hangers stand out. But that's where good things end, and we begin to see the aspects that make this film so truly disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's real father is an invention so shameful that he casts on all the films. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the edge of a better filmmaker. To have Forster as his supposed real father, and not his stepfather, would be bad enough, if not because of the familiar difficulties Gram had with a man who actually flew to pick up his body. It is assumed that his father acknowledged that he had given Gram's mother alcohol while lying dying, and that Gram had woken up when he later learned about it. Also controversy about where Gram's body was buried surely would have been a good reason not to invent a benevolent altered father who actually catches the duo and their dead car, but then allows them to continue burning. Whatever the truth about the man from whom Gram was named Parsons, he certainly did not have similarities with Forster's character here, and it is difficult to understand why this role was written. Then, there is also the addition of Christine Applegate as a greedy fish (which is, of course, very beautiful) who wants Gram's body back to earn money on his estate. Her character and her acting do not exist and she wondered why the director did not just go to the whole pig and turned on the lesbian scene between her and the girl playing Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not be much less toned.) When you think of ingredients that could be used in a good Parsons movie, the disadvantages of this movie are easily visible. Countri music is changing by a young, decent, southern gentleman - who was also long hair, full of love for drugs, popular among women and eventually self-destructive. Real events such as a hang-up door and painted dead cars and friends such as Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must concentrate on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman obviously still fills the cult status he got for what he did (he is certainly a small cult). From the interview, it is obvious that he is delighted with attention. Remember that it was a man who made a remark about the genes of the naked corpse of Gram Parsons while preparing to burn it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but an alcoholic escapade. Looking at Knokville and the director in interviews, a few things become clear. Obviously, they do not have the right understanding of the story of Gram's life, nor do they want to. They want to hit a movie about an event that is notorious and crazy. It was an incredible life with a strange place. If the end is the only thing covered by this film, it shows how limited the understanding of Gram Parsons that the producers had.
