I'm not sure if users should be allowed to watch movies only after they pass through the sex, but I'm afraid I could not stand it for another minute. If this ultimate excuse for the movie does not work I do not have a late, big GP that spins like a wheel in the grave, then I doubt that everything will be. Excellent overview 'It's not a movie for fans of Parsons' summarizes most of my feelings. How dare the director and writer (second-class) to try something they are so incapable of delivering. What did they think? Where to start? SCENAR: I thought I would get a piece of bitter american. What I got was a poorly executed slapstick, without clichés. Stupid hippie? Check it out. A stupid cop? Check it out. Terrible perfumes? Check it out. Incorrectly written female characters? Double check. Totally neglecting the story you're trying to show? Check. After some time realize that what you are looking at is soap and not well written. Scene with Knokville. Scene with an ex-girlfriend. The Knokville scene, which has not progressed much. A scene with an ex-girlfriend that was a little bit last. And so on ... THE INSTRUCTION: My friends and I decided, after some consideration, that watching this was like watching a bad episode of the Quincy, or perhaps the particularly poor Dukes of Hazzard. That's a bad direction. Horrible jumps, terrible work with cameras, insolent inscriptions on the scene. God, it was worth it. And then I discovered that the director of the Irishman, who is the most interesting recent work, is really a bad BBC Sunday night drama named Monarch of the Glen (believe me, it's the smallest common denominator of TV). And then it all made sense ... ACTION: Are we so critical now that when a random guy from TV decides to leave, if not so bad, stinks, he salutes his efforts ? Knokville JUST ABOUT manages to pass through every scene. Poor Christina A. no luck. Its performance is a car accident (although what you do with these lines, I do not know). 'Hippie' in a dead carriage: oh, honey, oh dear. Did not we move further from Cheech and Chong? I could continue, but I think you got my enthusiasm. What I would say is that, as other comments have said, no one in this movie gives a clear flying cursor for The Birds, The Fliing Burrito Brothers or Gram's solo work. They did not know anything about the American film about the roads and surely they care about it trying to do anything with a recognized decent story from rock mythology. This film was shallow, did not research anything, and it was a jaw which started from the beginning ... not to wait, I did not quite finish it. And I suggest you stay on.
