If you are a fan of the late Graham Parsons, this film will definitely share you! Part of the comedy, part of the road movie, but mostly poor fiction of one of the strangest stories about the history of rock. Basically, the story relates to a famous roadie by Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knokville) who "allegedly" made a pact with the cult rock / countri / folk music hero Gram Parsons who stated that one of them was the first to die (it did not matter who it was) that another was alive to take the deceased into the desert, the Joshua Tree in California, to be more precise, and to light up body ... to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Of course, his word would be barely sober Kaufman, with the help of a self-hating, shabby friend, pulling out the body of the late Parsons - fatally overdosed by drugs and alcohol a day before the airport. And shortly thereafter, an excessive combination of fiction and truth emerges in which the late Parsons girl, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons' father with a stone face and gaggling policemen and other pointless idiotic characters are trying to master the watch (so I try to catch Kaufman and his friend before they get a chance to incinerate Parsons's body! The film's incompetent direction, bad acting and chromatic unusual tone in general dash this film faster than Titanic. Not to mention the great fact that this film did not even tell the truth about the real The events that should have been replaced by inaccuracies, as I heard them, include: Number 1, Parsons was married at the time of his death, and even had a child, so what the hell was all about girlfriend and hunter and what else? number 2, Kaufman's drugged friend was a well-known willing participant (unlike what the film is trying to show) in removing Parson's body, and finally number 3. Gram Parsons died of real life . when he was just a boy, and it was Parson's stepfather (who could have been less caring for Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in the real life that took care of the body after it was burned! All in all, most probably the most disturbing to me this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually shooting in order to help in the facts of the story. Nevertheless, the film eventually became so untrue and so bad that it really rich my mind, honestly! Same as the middle-mentioned actress in the movie is concerned, the main character, played by Johnny Knokville (Phil Kaufman), is not only a bad actor, it seems to be sleeping for most of the film, and the rest of the pathetic actor it's mostly or hysterical, dead brain, or it seems completely unknown I'm actually doing it there! All in all, if you like Johnny Knokville and or you actually dig so badly-they-not-even-good friends flicks then I guess they could get a shot from this movie! But if you are like me and worship the late Graham Parsons, enjoy the movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on a real story from real life, or you like good movies, roadworks or fictitious things with life , you will really ignore this movie and advise others to do the same. Obviously I hated this movie and wanted it never been made, but since it was made, I'd rather have it turned out differently than it did, unfortunately! Perhaps one day they will come to the true facts about this story and be transformed into a really great biographical view of Gram Parsons of life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit had left him. But up to that time, all that we, as the audience, and / or the lovers of the late performers are getting, it is a sad wasting of the film and a versatile terrible memory (a kind) musical heritage that is known to have left Gram Parsons behind. It should also be noted that they actually used Parsons music as well as a few others in the movie, but it's not surprising that you never hear enough to really enjoy even the smallest part. (Turkey-Zero Star)
