From K & A before and after, that's what I could get: Some Irish people want to make a movie. Nothing special, just any movie. So, one night at a party, he heard a former traveler tell him a classic piece of rock n 'roll; the one about how Gram Parsons' body was stolen from LAKS by his loyal roadie so he could respect Parsons's desire to be cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow! What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (good, earth), plundering graves, escape, friendship, 70s! I guess we can get Johnny Knockville from "Jackass," because it's kind of a joke, and Knokville wants to do the "movie". Why did he think he had the next "Snatch" on his hand! But this story is not so exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against. ! But Parsons was then married. That's OK, nobody knows that. Besides, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the public does not like the idea of ​​stealing a body, we will give it to Dad to join the pursuit, but ultimately allow it. But Parsons' father was killed when he was 10 years old, in fact his status without parents and tragic childhood are key parts of Parsons's mythology. Mythology? We say "Film!" This is a creative problem solving. It is an unpleasant experience for anyone who is even vaguely familiar with or interested in the topic. Applegate's presence is doubled. Her first fictional character is the Beverly Hills bitch before her time. She was able to go through the whole movie, the cell phone in her hand, and second, what Parsons would be if she connected with such kind of harp. ? The facts are not only distorted or omitted, but REVERSED. They could easily find the criminals they asked for in the Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to bring the body back to its home country where the law would favor it in the division of significant succession. A music, oh, the music I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of the songs here, the choir there), forced on the background, and finally, the horribly covered hippest new indie band, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked an unnecessary but irresistible question after the movie - was anyone up, writer, producer, director, actually a fan of Gram Parson? Well no. I never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, I blushed, I learned to love him, and here are some of the facts I read in biography. The other guy was guaranteed for Parsons' coldness, saying that he and Keith Richards stumbled together for acid and together wrote "Wild Horses", a mixture of a bunch of facts such as the film. The other person asked whether it was morally questionable to overwrite history when most people knew about it from this movie? Well, he had the permission of a real roadie (he was even set up) and the Parsons estate gave it permission, and all those other people who received salaries said it was great. But what I really was wondering was, and wondering in the uncomfortable trembling voice of a truly passionate Parsons starter, that, if the film was so cheap (million), they did not consider the original Gram Parsons fan base audience? The director and writer seems to have thought it was nothing that would not be without fans, although I doubt that any reading of the magazine Mojo, the fan of the music countri-rock 70 will agree. But a bunch of Britons assumed this, and they simply did not care for cosmic American music, or even knew it existed. This is not just a true Parsons movie, it's not in the right spirit - even a legend does not answer. At the very least, he should have the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be told. It should be noted that the film is well received from a bunch of stoned kids, not far from the slopes, and to Johnny Noksvill. But if you're ignoring the title of the Parsons fan, it's just a Jackass fans movie.
