"Rav Force" is like an ultra-sleek and perverse version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu battles, crazy Cannibal monks, white slave trade, energetic zombies and lots of bad acting performances. No wonder this film was included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experiment 20 Film Box Set". There is everything that exploits the fanatic, it fits into a completely incomprehensible and seemingly improvised letter! Production values ​​are extremely poor, and technical aspects are pathetic, but it's difficult to describe the amount of free violence and sex. The film opens on a tropical sunny location called the Isle of Warriors, in which soldiers of mocking monks raise the dead for no apparent reason except to turn them into Kung Fu fighters. Monks also buy sexy slaves from that humorous Hitler businessman, allegedly because they provide them with the necessary powers to increase their own zombie army. Passengers on board a passing boat, including three martial arts fighters, a female lawmaker from LA and a whole bunch of enthusiastic, but dumb lady, were attacked by hitler Hitler, as they planned a trip to Varriors Island. Their rescue boats are cleaning the island anyway, and monks cause survivors to fight zombies. Okay, how's that sounds like a crazy midnight horror movie? It's not over yet, because "Rav Force" also has Cameron Mitchell's piranhas, wild ship orgies in another disadvantaged lead role, and 70-year-old Camille Keaton, a exploiting duchess ("I spit on your grave") in an extremely insignificant look. There are many poorly realized bloody victims, including massacres and cutting off the head, hamma jokes and romantic bad taste. The value of this movie will literally leave you without text. The background of evil monks remains, of course, unexplained and they do not even become punished for their questionable hobbies. Perhaps that's why the film stops with "To Be Continued", instead of "The End". The sequel never came, unless it is so vague that IMDb does not even cite.
