The scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dvervick (Tim Ioung) is considered local teachers by teachers and colleagues. A poor child suffers from daily humiliation, harassment, teasing and general respect by destroying abuse by their peers. Unfortunately, at home there is not much support at home because his mom is a slut and after Lester disturbs one of his guys, he takes him to the cornfield and drowns the poor child. Whatever magic happens (no, the movie does not become suddenly good), the Lester's spirit shifts into the scarecrow of corn fields used as a body to avenge those who tortured him and made him life hell ... br> /> Co-writer, co-producer and director Emmanuel Itier who, according to IMDb's loan list, has a role in the film as someone called Mr. Dufork, although I do not recall any character of this name, I suppose that anyone who ends up watching the IMDb site for Scarecrow is probably already aware that this is a terrible reputation and I must say that it is quite deserved because it's terrible. The scenario of Itiera, Bill Cunningham and Jason Vhite uses the often-told story of one of the life losers who have been chosen and tortured for no apparent reason, taking their vengeance with supernatural means in a relatively realistic movement. We saw all of this before, we saw the scarecrowers before, we saw that teenagers were shot dead one by one, we saw that one of the losers of life was already getting better, we saw the wise. breaking the villains who make jokes while killing them before and seeing incompetent cities. The only real question about Scarecrow is is it fun to watch the dumb level of teenagers? The answer is loud not to be honest. The movie has a terrible character, an awful dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, has some cheesy single-layer glasses like when a scarecrow kills someone with a shovel it asks: 'Can you dig it?' and the so-called twisted ending that is focused on leaving things open to continue is only chrome. The film is moving at a reasonable pace, but it's not that exciting and the killings are forgetful. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a corn stick ... The Director of Itier does not work here a particularly good job, the shooting scenes are bad without any accumulation that means there is never any tension, because within two seconds of the introduction of a character, they were killed. I'm also not happy with a killer scarecrow who works all these last flips and somerses in the air in scenes that seem to belong to Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! In order to give him a bit of credit, the real scarecrow looks really good and looks pretty cool, but he was given little to do except the ebbing of bad liners and a little revolving around him. Do not you think the bonding of a wooden cake in the midst of corn that was boring all day? I know it's a killer scare, but I'm still saying it would be boring to just stick on a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity, and there is nothing to write about the house above, has a head off, a person is burned, someone is killed with a corn stick, someone gets a shovel in his throat, some sickles are stuck in the heads of people, someone has a broken heart and someone has a metal the thing stuck through the back of the head that comes out of their mouths. With an estimated budget of about $ 250,000, this has obviously been captured in 8 days, well, at least not wasting time on unimportant things like the development of stories and characters. Technically, this is pretty important, shoot and hope for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor that just dug his heart, you can clearly see it breathes ... The shit is a shame, the guy who played Lester's mother wears the dumbest wig and fake mustache ever since he played two roles in the movie, and the creators they had to mask it, but they just ended up looking so funny and it did not trigger my accent ... Scarlet has a few fun moments. And the scarecrow is a beautiful creation with good special effects of makeup, but as a whole the film was badly made, it behaved badly, it was stupid, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a big killer spit, then look at Scarecrows (1988). It's not to be confused with the film Gene Hackman & Al Pacino Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick Scarecrow (2008), which is currently being produced. The scaremaker appeared to be popular enough on a home video to produce two more videos, Scarecrow Slaier (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
