Let's be honest, will we? Al Gore does not know more about the environment than most people care about contact with fungi. It's a hook! Do not make a mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago, he was arrested / invested in his state by working 70 mph in a 55-mph zone per hour of driving NE hybrid, yugo, or even GM Metro but LINCOLN (go google if you like)! Or about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use private fuel-injecting nozzles to attend the "Unfair Truth" premieres. So much about preserving huh, Al? In any case, it takes only a minute to subjectively look at the "Unfair truth" and discover the underlying basic defect. While the film shows a couple of seemingly impressive scientists who will tell the audience the effects of the supposed "global warming", there is no scientist who tells us what the cause is. For example: I can take a hundred people to the parking lot and they can point to a car that is not right. But I can tell you with any degree of security WHY? Generalli not! Another mistake, how accurate were the time instruments 100 years ago (the toilet is not invented yet)? What did they have, a jungle bug in a box of matches? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So, how do we know with any degree of security that the planet "has become warmer" when data on the past is very questionable at best? Or is this man the only cause? The answer is that we do not know & Science is never a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine published the title "New Ice Age." It's true that every 6th-grade science teacher who is well-versed in the science of the earth will tell you that volcanic errors, the Sun's activity and El Ninos are more related to our eradication of climatic conditions than assumed "global warming." Finally, what Al Gore does not manage to adequately address; Even if America decides to follow the global gospel towards Al and implement everything it recommends, how will we get the rest of the world to follow this example when we can not even persuade them to agree on something that is so obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's eager thinking, Mr. Gore, and you are a former vice president of the United States! If people who produced the "Unfair Truth" were really honest, they would call their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I really want is that someone asks an ex-VP; why are the two biggest polluters of the planet (AKA China and India) released the adherence to the Kyoto agreement? In any case, I hear that producers A.I. are working on their next film called "Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
