The unpleasant truth is completely simple and demagogic, like a stormy thunderstorm created by the furious and idiotic Republicans, mingled on immaterial lines until he tries to get in your face, meaning that we will all be dead for several hundred years, which is undeniable, but who cares, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I honestly do not waste time worrying about human extinction. I will only call it "natural progression." Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime, we must listen to the same ruthless, inclined politicians who propose another "new society," so, do not be deceived; we will all remain under the control of the rich, those in power and those idiots who are in general created disasters. Nothing will ever change. Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite apparent in the movie, while driving him in a car that flies through the gas, using a consumer computer, he also lives on the huge hectares of the country in a fairly large villa, the land was used for destructive erosive purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig-farming (which is a methane gas trace) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments include numerous large companies in the world with controversial records. I hardly think that this man is qualified to surrender less luck, but his reputation is based on his opposition to another absurd political party, that is, in the meantime, he emits those same fateful characteristics that make politicians and politicians so terrible. This god serves to live a comfortable life and still teach poor people in Africa about harvesting and cutting and burning techniques? Traveling the world in first-class seats in fuel-consuming planes, he uses documentary documents, yet he thinks that everything is a "moral question". He is completely absorbed in his miserable nightmare, says he has come to these conclusions about the death of his sister (from cancer caused by tobacco and almost the death of his son by car of all things). Did he fight tobacco companies or suggested that cars be banned because they are dangerous machines? NOT. Everything must serve the "economy", so why is it different, the answer is that it is not. His lonely and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are catastrophic, all while being filmed in the woods. or with a small river that avoids stale life by confirming the quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and simple, has a career invested in the structure of power. My question is, why not concentrate on the powerful industrial nations of countries that are blamed for most of the complications? He does not do this because it would be wise for "investments, stocks and corporations." Al Gore gives a monotonous lecture on this subject in a documentary, namely rich white people in the audience, applauding the sign, displaying their charts, numbers and percentages, and speaking in a gloomy tone, no one without Harvard (who controls the elite) education can make sense from it, but he tells us everything goes to hell. I am not kidding, but I do not think that he explains this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism assumed for the planet, namely that the waste and waste landfill is waste. He never mentioned how industrialization created these problems, he only wants to put a mild bandage on them, but not to eradicate the entire repressive system. Obviously, he was spoiled, sent to elite schools and had the same basic temperament for politics as any other backbiting, inconsistent dullard in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, as it is not in any way different from what the Republicans conceived, had in mind only the goals that directed the capitalist impulse. In other words, someone will benefit, and it seems that "new green" politicians are supporting venture capitalist companies that buy the country's hordes in an attempt to develop a "new utopian future" with "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore believes in the elitist structure, he actually believes there is a "democracy" in the United States that I find very naive. If we do not pay salaries to oil companies, then we will pay them to companies for wind and solar energy. In the end, the speech was pretty rougher, modeled on something that GV Bush would have leaked to the stupid masses, Gore is talking about "people who unite to defeat communism" in the nineties, what it had to do with global warming, absolutely nothing, but he is trying to establish basic emotions in humans. In these words, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world; the systems in Europe and the USSR were only a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from that which controls US interests. Social ecology did not even mention it, which is truly a travesty. If you want to change the world, then you have to remove those obsolete systems that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
