I really liked this show, once a while. That is, until I understood all the mistakes in it. It's so unrealistic. I know it's a fiction, but it's not even the least convincing. Here's why. ** Spoilers forward people ... ** Do we really need to believe that a child like Yugi will be a descendant of Pharaoh from ancient Egypt? Come on! He is the greatest nerd on the face of the Earth. And what about Pharaoh (aka Atem and / or Iami) hair? The last thing I checked out, the pharaohs were shaved (except for the small hair on the top of the head) and wore a fancy hat. , can legally lead a successful job while still having time to go to a small school like 'Domino High'? Puh-leeze! First, he would have to legally be an adult to manage the company. And that would make him not too much a brilliant boy, for he would be the only adult in his class. And secondly, why would you attend a school like Domino High, when his job was obviously successful in order to attend the Snob Academy? Plus, plots with his little brother are so sweet and lame. Every time you turn around, that kid was kidnapped by goons for baddie. * conversation * nothing new, nothing new. Joei is a poor child who lives with a good father. He says that Joey earns all the money to attend school because his father is an alcoholic, but you've never seen Joey doing something that looks like a job. He does not even mention work. His sister Serenity is a complete moron. Why choose a snob like Duke (who dressed his brother in a dog's costume and publicly humiliated him on television) over a good guy like Tristan? Is she really so vague? Different characters through a play, obsessed with demonic forces, demonic forces steal their souls and become victims of mental illness. (Oh, that's safe for children, NO.) Tea is a typical type of girl next to the door, whose only purpose is to be Yugi's girlfriend. And while she has some cool things for her, she just does not have enough time to shine as the main character. Animation is simply terrible. All the characters look sick and anorexic. Perspectives are terrible (especially when it comes to the big plans of one's hand), and the colors look good, but not the stars. But the worst plot in the series was the fact that Iami says Millennium Puzzle can return souls to their bodies. If this is so, why did not he save Yugi's grandfather in the first place, when Pegasus stole his soul, and saved himself from the pain to return him? All that really is, for yourself. The only plus side is the "Iu-Gi-Oh: Shortened Series" from LittleKuriboh. Please. Do something more valuable. Like, look at the shortened version. 1/10
