Hmm ?? I agree with the reviewer who said that "strange people with generous tastes are watching this movie". I thought the film was intriguing enough to watch it. I think it was primarily because of Marsden and Speedman - not because of complications. Basically, this film is on the one hand mildly psychologically tempting and on the other hand deeply homophobic. The thumb up on the former and triple thumb on the other. I'm not sure whether the film is intended to promote dialogue or the spread of fear and propaganda. <br /> <br /> <br /> I thought that acting was central. Many conversations that were about 90 degrees distorted by reality. I always wanted to think of something out of the plot, but it's just a conversation with a madman (Speedman). I'm very sorry about him (Speedman) for his loss, but not very well. Its loss is no higher and it is certainly less than the losses that occur every day around the world due to significant causes. Is film exposed to naivety on HIV / AIDS? Yes: This is the target audience. Is HIV HIV a dark, mysterious, evil killer? What about the victims? The answer to both questions is NO. Neither HIV nor its victims have more or less malicious intentions from lupus, multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, hepatitis, cancer or their victims, because of God's good. Just because the disease is transmissible, it does not seem to be intentional or negligible - or evil - just IS. Is this justifying ignorance or unfair risk taking? - NOT. Should Everyone Exercise Safe Sex? - YES. Will a safe sex save the world? - NOT. Is sex sure to be true in all cases of love and lust between passionate and emotional human beings? ?? OF COURSE NOT. In what kind of world would we live that everyone followed the rules, no one ever risked, and sex was never spontaneous and passionate? Do I ignore that the movie deals exclusively with gay sex? ?? YES. HIV is spread by dividing blood or body fluids between infected and uninfected individuals. Sex is not needed for transmission, gay or in some other way. Always disturb me the willful violence of one person over another. In fact, I thought that the film did a good job showing the absurdity of Tom's violent abduction, captivity and intentions towards Dan, and this kind of crazy violence is happening every day. movie: Tom is crazy. Why Dan does not ask "why" do you feel like this, not "what are you doing"? Implication: Men who have sex with men get "AIDS" Implication: HIV = AIDS Where is Tom's responsibility in a sexual act? Why is Dan responsible for using a condom? "Maybe you took it off before you put it in?" What are we talking about? Was one of the parties unconscious? "Maybe she did not want to hear the truth," are you kidding "She's in the sky and so incredibly hurt because of what she knows about me now?" Is the Day in Life if It Has HIV? Certainly not! Is it because the whole world is so homophobic ???? They think that gay men are the cause of HIV, will give it to the rest of the world, and we all die? Are you kidding on my account ??? Are people stupid enough to think that homosexuality is the cause ... is it a problem? Do we feel so with the victims of tuberculosis? malaria? I see Tom was injured because of his wife's death, and he blames AIDS, but seriously? Who is here? A victim or a virus? Are the diseases really the responsibility of the sick? (assuming they did not ask for and did not seek the spread of the disease). Of course, safe sex is essential for a safe life, but it's not even driving, non-flying, non-abandoning houses, non-alive. Do we really want to blame the disease for the victims? Would a safe sex between Tom and Dana prevent Tom's ultimate death? Perhaps, but not Dan's only answer. Tom is crazy. Did I mention that? Tomu Danu: "Maybe you get what you deserve" ?? COME ON! 24 days: violent, naive and homophobic. Do I exaggerate? Maybe. But I think this film points to a finger judge of gay men because of their unreasonable and malicious intent on "flat world" by practicing unsure sex, when the rate of homosexuals who practice safe sex is proportionally equal to or better than heterosexual. We all need to wake up and seriously deal with HIV / AIDS. HIV kills hundreds of thousands of Africans every year.
