Well, maybe the PC version of this game is impressive. Maybe. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty big mess. There are several elements that are OK or promising. First of all I will mention it will be completed soon. First, the idea of ​​a historical GTA game is great. Gun game was a historical game like GTA and unlike the Mafia, Gun was great. I'd like to see the game set up during the Mafia. Then, the story is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arches, uses an unusual device (most of the game is a background) and is interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used during gambling - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting graphics in places where GTA jumped to that effort, especially characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, graphics are somehow stinky, and I'd rather have a great game than impressive characters. First, the controls and the camera are absolutely crap. This must be the first focus of any game developer. You can not release the game where the controls and / or the camera are shit. Number one, there is no reason for a player's face, Tom, can not have his full range of movement that controls the left analog rod. Unless it is absolutely necessary, and hardly ever is, I hate set-up where the left stick moves the character in a "strafing" mode, and the character can only rotate using the right analogue rod. Not just unnecessary here, but also most of the simplest action challenges. For example, Tom has to climb into several missions. But the game is so poorly designed that you need to frustrate to continue to manipulate and make the analog stick and camera, then press L1 every time you need to climb or Tom will come down. Further, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can not auto-target or lock any targets. At an early stage, it seems that the game tells you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock in for goals, but that has never succeeded. So, in order to focus on any enemy, you have to fight the stupid real analog stick and try to continue to adjust and orient the character and camera, which aims to move under the wrong direction or that Tom disappears all the time. Until that moment, you'll probably be crushed or killed. Next, if you touch or almost touch the enemy - and this will certainly be the case for hand-to-hand combat or when using crowded weapons, the combat system - which primarily consists of tapping or holding R1, is completely useless. Enemies can hit you almost in a huggy embrace, but you just can not move if you do not retreat. So close combat tends to consist of pulling you on the left analogue rod, yelling at the character to move away, which will not make 50% of the time, then typing R1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close and makes R1 useless. And if the enemy in the meantime changes its angle to you, you will also fight with the right analog rod to make your image right-oriented and place the camera in position so that you can see anything. By that time, you will probably hit again or shoot again, and your only option will be to try to move characters again. My struggles often consisted of Tom coming around like a comedy, hoping that I would be able to get enough time to fight an analog rod and get a few shots before I was again at the mercy of AI. So much for a real fight. And the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with weapons. If you touch someone, a half-time controller will simply not let you shoot a bullet, but you can shut yourself up with a full hole. In addition, there is no automatic target, and the target system is ridiculously sensitive, even when the sensitivity is set to zero under the options. Scams usually consist of you hopelessly trying to shoot or move away while the enemy puts a shot after you enter into you. Fortunately or not, it seems that the damage is almost accidentally recorded. It may take one to ten bullets or more to disable any character, and there is no rhyme or reason for doing so. You can put five shots in the enemy head and close to the point of the empty line and they will still return fire and injure you. However, it seems that the designers of the games have taken care of realism enough to make a jerk in your target system, so that after hitting with powerful enough pistols, your goal will float from the target, and you will have to fight it again. > As for celebrated graphics, other than the characters and textures you are close to, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems to be mostly empty, and the area of ​​flat colors and textures is often nearby. The city was not well-designed. It's not diverse enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars look slow and difficult to control. And everyone drives the same. Some mentioned music, but that was also pretty inadequate. Much better work could have been done for that purpose. Also, as many others mentioned, the load time is ridiculous and constant. They tend to last longer than one minute, and they appear between and in the middle of everything - even a race. All in all, the PS2 mafia port seems to be very hot. The game feels and plays as an incomplete hack job.
