The acting in this movie stinks. The thing makes little sense, but from what I understand it should be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn personal things of people into fine steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow up their head, whatever). And the effects are bad. Most of the film consists of bad music, where actors dance equally badly like bad music, intertwined with more boring sexual scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. One element of glitter that makes "Nightmare Veekend" above all others. And that particular quality is the presence of George. George is a nice device for connecting between the scientists, the jewels and the home computer daughter. With his green hair and nose, bald skin and heart-shaped skin, George is the guardian angel / trustee of Jessica, who asks him for advice on how to meet the guys in one of the most dramatic parts of the dialogue ever made on celluloid. With her monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what a percentage of men prefer women in white dresses, and that cherry is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica simply can not stay out of trouble, which has led George to execute "Emergency Program Code: Protecting Jessica," which results in the violent death of Jessica's attacker through one of the aforementioned steel balls. Kubrick was a total fool when he thought he could give a computer person using large red lights. The HAL should be presented by our friend George to better translate the compassion for his eventual death. Light and sound broadcast at the end of "Close Encounters"? It's not bad, but how much better this movie would be if the means of first communication with aliens were a puppet of George Handa. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? kitchen appliances next to Almighty George! Maybe it's only 8 minutes in the movie of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is all about George. Even with this limited amount of screen, George joins rows of such great movie characters as Hollivood Montrose, Majai and Pappi from the "Moon Moon" as an icon of the American film. "George to Apache" ?? you are my hero.
