Have you ever had a fresh picture in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in the movie: As if you were watching a detective looking through the cracks of the broken fence of some abandoned house? Or to see a woman walking down the street that looks cold and intense and terribly alarmed? Yes. Imagine that this image stretches to the whole movie, you've mostly got an idea about Broken, although there's no detective in this movie, I just use it as a visual example. But there is an intense woman who has fulfilled 99% of the time on the screen. I have nothing to complain about that woman, she is the perfect choice for that role. I consider myself a very open person who can enjoy in all kinds of artistic expressions and can really enjoy really curious things. It would be really great if I could shoot one scene from this film and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest, the acting is brilliant. Some of the facial expressions are what looks at me. Now I deal with the problem of this movie. Above the mood, there is nothing else here. The director essentially took on the obsession of an idea and went far beyond what was worth. I do not think it's a spoiler if I say the obsession is a "mirror". Let's face it, this unique idea is all over the goddamn place and that's all with whom the director worked. There are, however, a few reversals here and there. If you pay attention, nothing will surprise you at the end, the obvious holes aside. Now, I do not choose bones with this art style since I've enjoyed most of the time. I still believe that we should judge the art database on the media that it uses to express what artists want to express. The film is not music, painting, painting, or even a song, and certainly not just cool pictures in your mind. It's all plus good story and character development. I consider Linch's film cheating style. It is irresponsible and cheap and wasted media. We gave movies 2 hours of work in a movie for good reason. Therefore, it is necessary to judge differently from the evaluation of a single frame of images, such as a photo or an image. This film is not entirely Linch style, thank God. It has a linear development and finally came to a conclusion. There is not much story or character development. He made himself pretty serious with figures that consist of ordinary people, and so distance themselves from other fantastic things at least from the surface. He does not offer any explanation of the element of fantasy, nor has he ever attempted to build a coherent world around him. Strangeness came from nowhere and looks rather isolated and coincidental. Perhaps coherence remains in the head of the director, but from what I see, he did not invest much effort to understand it on the screen. From where did he invest his effort? It seems that he made a lot of effort in building mood and improving the music. Music often created a tension that ultimately turned into teasing. Only in the later part of the film appeared fear and tension. In the end, I felt like, OK, I know what you're trying to say here, but is that the point you're trying to spend two hours in building up all these tensions? It is very irrelevant with whom characters are and what kind of life they have. And we are given very little about who the characters are. All we have is this circumstance that just came up. It's disappointing, but I suppose the director did not have much work to do and it shows.
