I give this film 3 out of 10 because I watched the zillion movies and I can clearly say how it should look like an intellectual movie with a stinking message. Definitely, The Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the film told me that I was thinking a lot about trying to figure out what all this is trying to bring about, and despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, it seemed that it was just exaggeration to be one in the intellectual league of people. photo on the cover clearly shows that a broken broken upper part of the face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that when this part of the body breaks, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So, you begin to wait for movie characters to show their defective sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the film starts immediately without any knowledge of the characters and their lives before. Although we see that the father holds a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware that he has enemies, but that is not a very strong sign. If the traces were set up more in the movie, one could say that it's really a masterpiece. Although the film was so slow in rhythm, it was empty at the same time without any metaphorical scenes. And the unification of the evil evil with the evil Gene is, in the end, a powerful denial of evidence of existential messages that some people have spoken in other comments. Moreover, if Gena really lives in the apartment until her brother finally says, how then is she the evil? I bet I can reject any theory about this film with so many questions that can lead to one conclusion: This film is pretentious and time-wasting. Apparently, this shows that someone is trying to make something out of a senseless mystery something that is not worth it at all. I am a big fan of horror films, especially those who like popcorn. Horror movies must not transmit deep messages! They should discover a beautiful mask of life and show you another dark side that is most honest, I suppose. Horror films should have blood, screaming, intensity, skeletons, organs and body parts. Because it's a real horror and never moving away from reality. I've watched almost all horror films and I can prove that each of them can be as real as sunrising. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind was thinking. For example, the horoscope "Train" with all blades and density and similarity almost in all with the "Hostel", talks about a very real thing that illegally sells organs to kidnapping people in foreign places where no one would ask them or ask them. Even if we consider a broken film having an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and least frightening. I prefer the message of addiction presented in Rexheem for a dream that has overtaken drug addiction to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction, whether for sex, TV, safety / memory, etc., ... can be so destructive and scared of me. And those who always criticize horror films for senselessness and commercialism are usually only a bunch of people who are easily scared and just do not like this genre, but that does not mean that there are fans of such films and they have much to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoil, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), fun to the most important interview face to face with the essence of life, so ugly and scary as it seems, Death!
