If the myth of broken mirrors were true, everyone involved in this production would now face about 170 years of bad luck because there are many mirrors falling to pieces here. If only the script was broken as a glass, then "broken" would be a great movie. Now, unfortunately, it's just a long, dashing and boring movie with only a few extraordinary ideas and unforgettable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very elegant and elegant film, but the story is vague and the complete absence of logic and explanations is really frustrating. I talked to my friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the movie. He thinks that Ellis has found inspiration in the old legend, claiming that your duplicate's perception is an indication of how you will die. An interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and I could not find anything about it in connection with the Internet. I personally think that "The Broken" is another variant on the subject of "Invaders of body abductors", but without extraterrestrial interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American family McVei who lives in London, and especially Gin. When the mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday celebration, it causes a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina saw her ride in the car and followed her image in a mirror to a residential building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in a hospital. When released, Gina feels like her environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her boyfriend, and the dreadful fragments of the incident continue to blink in front of her eyes. Does she suffer from mental trauma caused by an accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy around her? Screenwriter / director Sean Ellis definitely calls for a sense of curiosity and uncertainty in his script, but unfortunately he does not manage to elaborate them correctly. "Broken" is really atmospheric and stylish, but after only half an hour of film you come to a painful conclusion that will remain just a nice but empty package. In this film there is a frustrating large amount of "false" uncertainty. This means building tension, through the sinister musical and angry camera angels, when nothing absolutely has happened up to now. By the time the mystery is revealed, these tricks no longer have any daunting effect on you. Some of my reviewers here compare the movie, especially the style of Sean Ellis with the repertoire of David Linch, Stanley Kubrick, and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's the way, the way ?? Too honored. PS: what about this alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
