This film is pure, distilled, unbridled boredom. I did not know anything about it before I entered the dark room, I sat in my place. I was seduced by "mysterious and tense" advertisements on the poster. Also, Lena Headei is beautiful and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable man who has an environment, so the actor looked reasonable. Perhaps his name was above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of anything else. I should have gone to see Valkir a second time. The thin shop revolves around Headlin's Gene McVei, her boyfriend, her father, sister and husband of a sister who for some reason goes in. in a very crazy and embarrassing way, from their evil duplicates that emerge from the mirrors that mysteriously crushed. It can be a great movie idea behind this (not exactly an original idea, mind you, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers shortened all the supporting actors and just kept Headeijeve stories, The Broken have made a reasonably short period of 20 minutes. In fact, she is desperately unmotivated and boring, and terribly inconsistent. For example, in one scene, the mirror breaks in the room where all the main characters are located; they look confused, but quickly forget about it. In the second scene, the mirror breaks in an empty room, and a double is visible, while it "fades away" from the remains of the debris that hangs on the wall. So why was the first mirror broken if there was no creepy crawling to crawl? Just for a little excitement? There are too many scene characters in poorly lit London apartments, looking around, because they thought they heard something but did not see anything there any more. We are beginning to wonder, why this evil dupler does not really want to scare them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, should start converting each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to be excited during Broken. By the way, once you spend time with this evil couples, we are completely upset why somebody should be expected to fear them - they're just standing blankly at parties, perhaps completely harmless after murdering his second. <Br /> <br /> There are some nice mood and touch, and I dare say that the director Sean Ellis could make a truly stylish and uncertain mysterious film that next time employ imaginative screenwriter.
