A few days after I wrote about how garbage such as MAD COVS and THIS COUNTRY receive money while Ange, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to go through another British film * that scratched my head for what it got one penny. Some people can claim that DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel on the built market, but both OVO ZLOSTAVLANA EARTH and MAD COVS are also adapted from the novel and they were tempted to break through as well. I read the plot synopsis in which a pile of high-class pirates goes to a remote villa where the Internet cult is haunted by them, but to be honest, it's not really how the story is revealed and who is expecting Friday. Meet SHINING will be bitterly disappointed because 90-95% of the running time is taken with the said characters taking drugs and talking about sex. And what kind of hatred they are. Neither of them is cute, in any way, and in a few minutes you will be nostalgic about Stalin, Maou and Paul Pot, hoping that next time someone enters a communist democracy, you will be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia. Everything that will signal the end of such a decadent bourgeoisie meaningless that sulky characters will fit in this film can only be greeted. It is not pleased by the fact that a movie in which the action is muted and where the audience fails to connect with the characters, the director continues to spoil further things by becoming smarter and more skilled. There is no doubt that it will impress us so that we will fall on our knees and cry: "O my God, as a wonderful director in the way he bamburiraes us with his high artistic technique and only worthless pleasures will not be able to appreciate what God has given to man's talent" . I'm sure the vast majority of people are screaming: "How come my projects were rejected until this shit was there?" Or "VTF was the last half hour of this piece of shit?" saying that the original novel is a nonfilmable source and makes the movie invisible. I agree that this movie is elusive. * I know this class of IMDb is like an American film, but the style and disadvantage of DEAD BABIES is uniquely British. Americans might think they have difficult things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention dead babies, MAD COVS and OV DOG ERA. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
