This movie could be used in movie lessons in the course "How to not B script". There are inherent limitations in B-film: Budgets are tight, Time is precious (The scarecrow is apparently shot in 8 days) and actors are often green and inexperienced. One aspect that you have full control over the writing of the best scenario can be within the constraints you have set. It seems that the scarecrow is written in a drunken fog. I could go through fifteen examples of the absurd scenario of this film, but I will just mention one: Grobar. The grave character was introduced for about an hour in the film. He seems to have nothing to do with other characters already in the film. He is shown with his daughter, who also has nothing to do with anyone else in the film. The grobar is given several scenes to behave stiffly, and then kills to throw out the body number. Why give the grocery to a daughter? Why give daughter a boyfriend? Why introduce them so late in the movie? Why not try to become part of the current story? It seems that the scarecrow does not care. The "Scream" story goes like this: Lester is a high school student (actor and actor who would have worked at his early age in the 1930s) who picked up other kids. He is an artist who attracts birds and is in love with a colleague named Judy. His mother is a lush and city whore. One of her shameful guys scoffs at her drawings (calling him a "fagot" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student who still draws cowboys, I think it's more likely to be gay than a high school student pulling crows) and later kills Lester, in a cornfield, under a titular scarecrow. Magically, Lester's soul goes into a scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer changes Lester's soul from the artistic to that wise gymnast (I know that some critics called it a scarecrow Kung-Fu scarecrow. I disagree, the scarecrow practically does the whole thing before jumping to the truck during the peak of the film). The scarecrow then continues to kill those who tortured him, those who smoke in the field of corn, those who dig graves, the groom's daughters, almost everyone who appeared on the film. Need to mention bonus on DVD. The director (Frenchman) performs an improvised version of rap music, admits to enjoying that there are no executives on the set to be able to fuck his wife while working and gives a quote for life (and I paraphrase): "Life is a bitch, but he has a big ass "The number of beers I drank while I watched this movie: 5 Did it help: There is no need for a beer to enjoy this movie: Whatever it takes for a drunk to lose its level.
