Over the past 20 years, most British movies have been talking about how terribly poor in the UK and how our youth have no chances of a good life while living on the streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​'broken Britain'. Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and London to Brighton. Bullet Boi is just another British movie that has been added to that list. The main hero expresses the desire to go straight, but still insists on hanging out with dead rhythms carrying pistols and fighting gang members. I have never been convinced that he wanted to go straight because he was not prevented by anything in education or craft. In fact, it would be a dazzle of fresh air that went right and we had a character who turned his life. Instead, he spends time helping his friend in an attempt to commit a murder. I did not feel sympathy when another teenager predictably shot at the end of the film, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really loved the whole family and their desire for success. I believe that manufacturers have missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really work for it (as a search for happiness). I know the purpose of this film was to try out a realistic picture of what life is for black teens living in the working class of Britain, but do not we have enough films in the UK with that same plot? Is not it time for these talented producers and writers to give young people what they want and show them that a better life is just around the corner? I applaud Bullet Boi manufacturers that they did not fill the movie of meaningless violence in order to try to achieve success through shock factors (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time this film does not offer anything new to a long list of British films that are actually boring and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending of this film or any other thing I mentioned.
