A film like Amazing Grace and Chuck is a perfect example of how the left-wing in this country does not understand that. They never did. Liberalism continues to slide further and further into political oblivion. This film deals with the baseball star of a small league who decides to stop playing ball as a protest against the existence of nuclear weapons. The boy is understandably ridiculed until professional athletes, led by the former NBA star Alec England, join his goal. Not just some of them join the cause. By the time his movement reaches its zenith, all of the professional and college leagues have to cancel their season since nobody else will play again. Just to start this review, I'm ready to give this premise. Although it would never have happened in a million years, I'll just imagine it can, and then from there. I do not remember how, but some sort of agreement has been reached and the boy decides to return to the game he likes in an incredibly dark and funny scene. Before criticizing the message of this film, let me say that this film is poorly written, acted and directed. Even if you agree with the attitude of the boy, it would be impossible to overcome how much the film was built. And that's a shame, because there are many good actors who are losing. (Peck, Curtis, Petersen). Alek English does the same thing with his character, but I want to try to play more films. Unfortunately, it's much easier to find a job in the NBA training world. One wants Mr Englez to learn more about these current NBA types on how to make a little better the stone. Alek certainly knew how to drop the ball through the hoop. As for the film's message, it's just wrong. Simple and easy. All these nuclear warheads hidden in these silo in the west PREVENTED VAR !!!!! One would be that this boy and his flock are protesting for a real war or the use of nuclear weapons. In fact, this weapon was never used, and it was a genius behind their existence. No side during the Cold War was crazy enough to fire a rocket. Without this weapon, who knows what could have happened between the US and the USSR. The producers of this film were obviously intended for children in America to take their aim and follow Chuck's steps. Children in America, however, are more intelligent than leftists who have created this move. The film is worth only 2 of the 10 stars. If you want to see a great movie about the dangers of nuclear war, instead, stick to Dr. Strangelovea. / / Mr. Nevell, you're not Frank Capra!
