One of the five worst movies I've ever seen. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend you watch it so you can get the same feeling of hell as you could watch Shovgirls. From 400 votes, the film gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it 10/10, probably because of the film's message - nuclear weapons are the curse of mankind. Chuck Murdock is a small star with stars that give up baseball because they have nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is Boston Celtic, inspired by Chuck's story and giving up basketball. Soon all sports leagues from professional level to college in high school to small league will break up in a world protest. Later, all the children of the world appear in silence. This inspired the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet Prime Minister, who on time agreed to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next season of the League. The film ends with Chuck, who wants to throw out the first terrain, and the president tells his new best friend Chuck not to worry about wiping out any attack because he did not throw a baseball in a year. Somewhere on the line, the nasty head of the underworld is killing Amazing Grace. When the president finds out that he was told that the FBI can check the killer, but it will never be able to prove it. So, the president calls the head of the underworld ("But that's one, I do not care, bring it to order") and tell him to resign from all company boards to sit and sell all the supplies he has. he got out again from the line. Honestly, this film was so shit that I could not turn it off. It was on television from 2:30 to 4:00, and I watched it all. I was excluded because of the incredible breakdown of all organized sports. I do not even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. these famous athletes who became Chuck's friends, why his father was always upset when his son had a principled attitude. And there was a moment in the cliché near the end when Daddy told Chuck: "I've never told you this, but I'm proud of you." Cue hug.
