It's a pity that almost no one under 30 does not know "over the top" of writing articles by Michael O'Donoghugh and the SNL magazines that have been genius for some time ... and that's why it's a real shame that anyone can take the opportunity to explore his work undoubtedly will easily get out and watch videos - and thus bring them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. This film has intelligent elements that can never be completely combined with ridiculous bones. The spectator experiences things like diving / swimming cats with a man who thinks he has found cat happiness throwing these kittens into a pool that follows the camera in a slow and montage array. Then we are taken to an island where all the past fades are withdrawn (hula hops, pets, long wigs, etc.). Then we enter the music world (punk was a new music at the time of this movie) D "rate bar performer Rootboi Slim performs" boogie until you vomit "in his lazy style of dirt and eclectic sleeplessness. Now is the real beauty of all this music that is in In many different styles with many different instruments, the sound of TELSTAR games and repetitions - for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched into space and the theme was made to celebrate man's genius and triumph. MR MIKES seems to have been conceived as a signal b Now the one thing that the theater has offered is that the video edition was not a live performance by Sid Vicious (a former sexual pistol, not a wrestler) who sings MY ROAD. His version is very different from Sinatra as you can imagine but honestly I think it's really worth listening ... it's good! It's a sad part of the VHS release Paul Anka refuses the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation that spills over the image of a singing dead sexual pistol. I would give theater play 5 or 6 video clip is closer to 4 and now when so much I can see so much where many people would give 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script to watch SCROOGED ... it's a better gift to the man's insight and talent.
