Well, it's likely that everyone will persecute me on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've been watching for a long time. We have a film of 2 and an hour that feels like three and a half, because it has two films in one. The first film talks about a family that has to move out of their home due to drought and hunger. They have to travel south to cities to find food or works of some kind. It is convenient to find a gem bag and at the same time find out that the drought has ended. Oh well. With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth and everything is fine and beautiful again. Well it lasts about an hour and a half of the movie and while incredibly lifeless at this moment has a nice arc. You think this would be a fantastic place to finish the movie. However, the film continues for another hour. And in that remaining time, she takes a simple story about a family that deals with the world's troubles and turns into a melodrama of betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh, yes, old, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know that making an epic film does not mean that your story can continue unnecessarily more than it must. And the main idea I would get about this movie is that the country is good for this family and holds them together. Why, then, for an hour we are talking about a rich person who falls in love with another woman and why the last moment of the film is dedicated to a woman whom our main hero has not yet watched most of the film. Wait and the movie is not the only thing that is badly written, the wife of the main characters does not absolutely make any sense. She complains much about being a slave and she never wants to have a slave and iadda iadda iadda. Then why is the hat ready to sell her only daughter into slavery? Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still does not make sense when 20 minutes later the film regrets that it no longer wants goods. There are also other films from the thirties to pay attention to. The only thing that deals with this is cinema. The land is beautifully shot, and the row with the grasshoppers is quite impressive. It's a shame that they were in a movie that had nothing to say. Another thing. I know that Hollywood at the moment was focused mainly on the stars and realized that a good actor can show everything. For most films, Paul Muni displays the Asians in the best possible way, but when he hits the halfway point where the film takes place without losing it and becoming an ordinary old Italian, Paul even cut his hair. so it looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this one). Of all the main characters in the film, I think the three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans who are stupid. Please, Miss Reiner, that this was a phenomenal performance, not if I could kick your Oscars out of your hands. Good Country is an epic time loss. If you want to watch something in vain on a nice evening, take Grapes of the Vrath, a film that really deserves all the praise it receives. Mostly because he did not write a monkey.
