... because they're both pretty bad. I think that the best part of the film is a terrible imperial picture of Faie Dunavai at the top of the stairs. She looks as if she could easily get out of that picture, hijack someone to bloody pieces and calmly re-enter the portrait that seems to have been nothing. Now, you know the film is in trouble when a piece of furniture is able to attract your attention. I admit, I paid $ 30 for a DVD just to be able to see Faie Dunavai in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - 30 bucks right in the black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie is bullshit. It's out there. I expected some real fears and waited and waited and waited. None came. Gavran (probably a crowd in make-up) did not scare me, seeing small pieces of internal organs that did not scare me, even Faie did not scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so film must be a problem in itself. Moreover, neither Jennifer was scared. Her inner organs literally disintegrated and seemed more sordid than anything. Her life was soon brought to an end and worried she would get more money. Honey, you can not take the money wherever you go! "I need money," she repeated continuously, ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and ceased to function. Meanwhile, I spent the whole damn film wondering what was with Grandma (Faie). At first, I was suspicious, Faie was playing grandma and all that, and in the end, I was still suspicious. There is another cousin who lives in the house that Jennifer and Marie Ellen, grandmother-of-hell, are forced to temporarily divide, and I presume that it is the same generation as Granny said. Here's a strange part - the cousin looks like she just had her eight hundredth birthday. Marie Ellen looks like she just got a face lift from a famous surgeon. Lifting faces can not do miracles, but I think Fai's phenomenon is important for the rice parcel. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is affected by a disease that affects bad behavior ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, there is all the disease that causes the decay of their organs and finally decay. Fuck, huh? Interestingly, Marie Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the Family Curse? Something is with her, obviously. Another reason for mourning for losing my thirty dollars - this movie has one of my movie gulias of all time. I mean the double end. This film ends twice. I absolutely hate him when this happens, and in this movie it seems that the director has finished the end, he did not like it, and forgot to remove it during editing. I suppose it should be scary, but that's only if you're a film editor. However, there is one perk, which is one of the reasons why I bought a DVD. The commentary by the filmmakers is by Faie Dunavai, and I wanted to see how she behaved when she did not have the ranks to recite. Guess what - the film was so bad that I could not sit back. Drat.
