Jennifer's Shad is set in Argentina and begins when Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer leaves Johann a big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell her house and return to Los Angeles, though her grandmother Marie Ellen (Faie Dunavai) opposes the sale. As many strange things started to happen, Jennifer began to have nightmares about how the Gavrans pegged at her and she began to feel very sick. After looking at the hospital, one of her kidneys seems to have disappeared mysteriously, what happens to Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? Will Jennifer be the next one that will succumb to her ... This Argentine American co-production is co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Pares and is truly a boring loss of ninety odd minutes, boring and a predictable modern story about ghosts I would imagine more people sleeping earlier than frightening them. Scenario Vega, Pares & P.J. Pettiette is rather slow and boring, not what someone wants, I'm sure that most people do not want to sit down and be annoying from their skulls. All the characters are uninteresting and pretty impersonal with little or no motivation for anything they do. For example, who is this grave guard? How did he know about the demons? What is his interest and incentive motivation? I could not see it. Jennifer himself is a pretty inconsiderable and close lead lady, her grandmother Marie Allen is so cliché as she comes and surprises her that she's obviously a bad guy. I mean this kind of mysterious story about horror / ghosts that is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in the logic and story that along with a terrible ending that is not something that I did not like, I did not like Jennifer's shadow. Directors Vega & Pares dropped used the whitening route of almost all the colors from the image that often made not far from the black and white, I suppose they wanted to give him a period of Gothic feelings, but this was done many times before and often so much better did not do much for me at all and only makes the whole movie look bored and lifeless. There's also a definite look of the 40s, from bones to the interior of a big house, but it's pretty pretty, half-hearted and inexpensive. Jennifer's Shad is well made, but is rather forgetful, not scary or dreadful and pretty predictable. If that was not enough, there is not even worse, there are several Ravens scenes that make people and hearts beat, but nothing else. With an estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000 and recited in Chronicle Raven for the American and International DVD Edition, this is pretty well made, but a million will not buy too many these days, and Jennifer's Shadov pretty much proves this theory . There are too many scenes of acting in thick Argentine accents, although it might be realistic that I really want to understand what people are saying. The act is fine, although the Danube reacts badly and obviously there is money. Jennifer's Shadov is a funny movie about ghosts that I thought was from the beginning to the end totally boring, I'd rather watch the incredibly weird creatures who stopped living and became mixed zombies !!? (1964). Total waste of time.
