This is an easily disappointing, least satisfied film of the entire so-called genre of black exploitation, which, incidentally, is the films that we mostly enjoy in our home. Instead of being "exploitation" or humiliation, these films actually provide an invaluable insight into a single era. Well, not Bucktown. In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to manage the nightclub left by his recently deceased brother. He quickly finds out that the city is completely under the control of the corrupt police, which is bleeding money for protection from all local businesses. The prince opposes and finds that he will save the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by invoking his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former black militants who worked with Duke on "jobs" in the past) and they were coldly killing the entire police service. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop him. Ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would be much more fun to see Cracker police suffer because of their actions, not just hitting the streets. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying topic in the films of this genre, it's far from seeing Pam Grier to find bandits who have excluded her family, cursed them, gave them a jujitsu and shot in the fire. It has the art (and the reason for existence) and deserves a level of respect that is completely unheard of simply by shooting in the back. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays a woman completely under the thumb of Man, fearing the crackers who lead her city and oppress her people. Indeed, her advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they will kill you!" After torture and free violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city wholeheartedly approves the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulating them and offering them the honor to hold the procession, as opposed to, for example, calling the district prosecutor to initiate charges of murdering capital and to take them to custody. Duke's move rejects the parade and instead decides to fill up numerous free positions in the police forces that have created their recent killing. They immediately show that they are even more corrupt than their predecessor Cracker Police (quote the mayor, "They are ten times worse than what we had earlier!"). Now the duke reveals that he must rescue Bucktoven citizens from corrupt officials to enforce laws on protection of rackets and make it safe again for decent people to conduct prostitution on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral standing and sympathy for the hero because he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police. I would not care either in any way that he saved Bucktovn or that he was involved at that moment. I guess we're entertained by this smart way Duke must outsmart the new Police Goons, but in reality the movie has now become an opera of free violence, Duke kills all his former friends and allies cold-blooded with the same lack of compassion he had when he shot the Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. Finally, when everyone in the city, but Duke, Aretha and employees in the local brothel, dead and bleeding on the street, our hero and heroine go into the night as though they had some great quality or redeemable values; they do not work. The Duke is just the killer bandit and the Aretha who enabled the misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of the movie, I certainly recommend them, see Coffi, Foki Brovn, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Babi ?? but if you have to run through this DVD in this process, throw it away as far as you can! Throw it like it's hot! It should be treated as if treating the glistening pile of nuclear waste! There is no single film in the entire era of Blacksploitation that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying, and populated with more lovely and beautiful characters than this part of the sludge, which he obviously wrote and aimed at some hormonally disbalanced high schools.
