The comet's night begins when the world prepares itself for once in a lifetime, passing a comet of 65 million years old. Instead of watching the light shov, Regina Belmont (Catherine Marie Stevart) decides to spend the night with cinema projection Larry Dupree (Michael Boven) at her stand ... They wake up the next morning and while Larry tries to leave the cinema, attack and kill her zombies, the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape where she discovers that almost everyone on the planet is turned into red dust. Almost everyone, due to a miraculous coincidence, the only other surviving survivor is her sister Samantha (Kelly Maronei), they are desperately looking for survivors and meet a truck driver on long trails called Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). In the meantime, an evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop serum to save from turning into dust and they're looking for unwilling donors ... Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt I found the Comet Night is pretty funny viewing experience, I am surprised by the amount of positive comments on IMDb about it because I thought it was boring shit that never reached its potential. The scenario begins 100 miles per hour with the destruction of the entire Earth population and zombie attacks, but then it absolutely does not go anywhere and then ultimately introduces malicious scientists who steal blood to the end of the film, because at that time a slim story had its course. There are also holes for pitches, if these scientists want blood, why they would kill three or four gang members and save two sisters when the guys give more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed completely bizarre and almost suicidal. since they need blood to develop a drug, it just does not make sense. I think your dying and the need for a human blood experiment will prefer to have five or six donors who will give blood or just two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I think what are the chances for that? When Hector first confronts a scientist, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before she committed suicide, so how did Hector know these things? I also thought that after the first twenty minutes, the film slows down to the rhythm of the snails and becomes incredibly boring and boring for watching, after hearing so many good things about the Night of the Comet appearing to me as nothing more than an overworked dull piece Director Eberhardt works a really good job, I liked the look of the film with the red-colored sky and managed to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are many footage of empty streets, there are permanent installations of empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings and become extremely repetitive and boring. All right, we realized there's no one else about it, so there's no need to keep it in the throats, constantly showing the roads without cars on them. Zombies are completely lost, there are two zombie attacks in the whole film and these are two individual zombies, although there are several effective nightmares. The comet's night is honoring, or ruining what you want, a few other much better films, including the compulsory end of the world shopping at the mall built from the dawn of the dead (1978). Forget about any blood or blood, because there are none. Technical Night Comet is pretty good, special effects are decent enough and the production team was obviously very good at closing the streets. The acting was right to expect that Maronei, like Samantha, was a blonde who became very irritating. The comet's night was a big disappointment for me, I was hoping a lot more. Persoanlli found this film boring, boring, insignificant, and the sequence that induces vomiting in which nurses go shopping according to 'Girls Just Vanna Have Fun' is probably the worst moment in the movie. Really bad and I just do not understand why there are so many people like this, I'm sure I will be slaughtered because I will say it, so some abuse starts ...
