I think it's applause for those who have assembled a trailer for the latest edition of Rogue Pictures, 'The Return'. I, along with everyone else, was deceived to believe that it was actually a horror movie. On the contrary, in fact, his supernatural thriller. It's a pity that is not at all exciting. 'Back' starring Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since she was eleven years old. In those years she began to enjoy the visions of the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, she was led by these visions into the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There she faces face to face with another person who has often appeared in her visions. A man named Terri Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now in a desperate search for answers. A search that could ultimately lead to her murder. I really do not know where to start here. What should I first mention? Terrible acting, disgusting director or terribly mild stories? No matter who I choose my point behind each one, it's the same: they just sit down. The scenario of Adam Sussman is completely moronic. It's not interesting. It's not tempting. It's just embarrassing. I waited for something to launch a "movie" (I put the quotes on the film because I do not believe "Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of its disadvantage.) Hope, but nothing has ever happened. They lost me in an unbearable cold to freeze. Even the starred performances of the actors themselves could not save this catastrophe. Of course they probably knew it because they read the script and agreed to do a "movie". So I guess that's why the acting was so horrible. At least I chose to believe it. I really hope that the actors do not take pride in their performances. If they need emergency medical help. Now the direction was unmistakably bad, but I can not completely chop Asifa Cappadium completely. (Well, I could, but I will not, since I'm such a nice guy.) I'm looking at 'Return' as a test for Cappadium, because for all of you who do not know, this is his first time. feature film. "He just goes into the door and still teaches. The next time, if it is the next time, I hope it will improve considerably. The only thing he could do here was the almost complete reproduction of the visual style of Marks Nispel's 2003 advertisement. "The Tekas Chainsav Massacre." Now it's nice that "film" got it, but unfortunately it will still not get any praise from me for this reason. Copying someone else's work is not something I consider worth praising. it's from a movie that I enjoyed very much.) I think the Americans Jim Sonorose "Pulse "Now it has to be spread through the title of The Worst Movie of the Year, Return". It is no doubt responsible for the title almost in every possible way. Now I have no doubt that this will be a bit, and I think a very small profit. to surpass or even parallel with the success of Gellar's previous acting effort, The Grudge. In that sense, I want to add one more thing. I can honestly say that it was never embarrassing for me to see me coming out of the theater auditorium until I see 'Return'. It's something I never want to experience again, along with the film itself.
