"I watched this movie last night and I do not think I'll ever think of the same about any of the actors involved, because this film will be held in the background of my mind." A statement can be considered a good or bad thing. I mean, every time I see Tom Cruise or Demi Moore in the movie, I think "A Few Good Men" is a good thing. Now, every time I see Ron Perlman or Kristi Swanson, I'll think of Tinseltown, which is a VERY bad thing. I picked this up thinking that this could be something intelligent or at least make me laugh with both Arie Gross and Swanson and Perlman, I thought at least it would not be bad. It could be said that the film was made on a budget of the size of Vheeling, Indiana (Where? Exactly.) But perhaps they used every dollar for a good movie. WRONG. This film is not funny nor fun in any sense. It's just there and it takes 84 stormy minutes. Characters are thin. You almost care about ANYTHING of characters, and since two leading Hollywood writers are struggling with a dream that are all two writers who are struggling with sleep and who wrote this, you need to know about them. Okay, two real writers know all about the screenshots themselves, so they think about the audience. They do not even think about character development, except that they try to tie the story to "Gilligan's Island". The action is non-original. Two men live in a warehouse, where one of them has a bed, and there are about twenty other people. The rest of the story is fictional and stupid. Have you seen "National Lampoon's Favorite Deadli Sins"? The second story with Joomla Mantegn is about a television writer who can not find a good story about a TV movie, so he creates it. Now replace the television writer with the scriptwriter, transform Mantegn into the boring actors of half a year, and take away the comedy and have this movie. Actors are trying. Kristi Swanson may be in the movie for 10 minutes and still gives the best performance in the movie. It's still hot, but it would help make it really OLD in the movie instead of making CAMEOS ever. As far as everyone else is concerned, I do not think it was a mistake for actors because they have BAD material. Go to watch the National Lampoon movie, but stay away from this movie.
