This is the third Errol Morris movie I've ever seen, and I do not like his style anymore. It seems that he finds very interesting and varied characters, great personalities who create documentaries, and then editing the language into the face, mocking everything about what is happening. It's never a direct caricature of them, and it seems that Morris most of the time said: "But no, no, these people are really fascinating, really!" But there are always these subtle, slightly rounded corners and not so subtle editing. techniques that show that Morris seems to be ruffling behind them. This film follows four people who break the traditional boundaries of organic separation ... a man studying African headaches trying to find that they are incredibly mravelike, a lion's thief, a man who keeps a garden full of animal shrubs, and a robotic designer . It seems that the main theme of the film revolves around the question of what constitutes animal, human and life characteristics? So the name Fast, Cheap, & Out of Control does not seem to mean anything in terms of a movie ... is it? Except, of course, Morris appears to be somewhat disturbed by the passions of these individuals (they may call them "obsessions"), creating synthetic designs of life. I do not share that fear and honestly do not appreciate some of Morris's connections in the movie. But I emphasize his subtlety. Without voice narrative and leaving the word fully to the respondents, it's not like Morris ever shatters that upset on the collective head of viewers. Instead, he often mixes circus images and ant recordings, often when they pull them out of the circus and ants context, showing some kind of collective absurdity behind what all these people are talking about. I do not consider them absurd, I find them very neat and interesting individuals. Unless, of course, he did not intend to have such a juxtaposition, which means that he is only a poor craftsman instead of a quiet one. subverter. Given that none of these films I've seen so far impressed me, I really do not care to find out what she's trying to do. <br /> <br /> - PolarDiB
