It's hard to find a movie that extends from the still pervading mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as the king of a political demon. Boyle (like Joe) gives a convincing yet historically inaccurate display of the senators from Wisconsin, and the cartoon of McCarthy is taken for granted. Meredith, as a cunning military lawyer, Joseph Velch, who oversaw McCarthy at the military hearings in 1954, is very good, as always. In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were right when they were worried about the terrible security situation in the military, and the 1954 military interrogations became intertwined with the smoke flag used by the military to deter an investigation of their security failures, commissioned by the commission, contending the accusations that McCarthy and Cohn were trying to get services for their employees, David Schine, while you are in service. The film is a self-confident policy-led controversy, based on pervasive myths that have gone through many decades for the truth - that "red fear" was essentially, fake and McCarthy, HUAC, etc. have always set aside the wrong goals, and they were merely a lie, a career of destroying publicity that was being trampled on by the constitutional rights of stunned innocent liberals who are accused of security risks / People who know little about this issue still feel confident in repeating disinformation about McCarthy - and "red fear" to this day - Clooney's Murphy's hagiography is an example. Disinformation is ubiquitous, no wonder the people swallowed it. The recent announcement by Budd Schulberg in the serious left wing of the British newspaper "The Guardian" under the title of a Hollywood writer "named McCarthy" - extending the lie that McCarthy "explored" Hollivood as head of the HUAC - the truth is that McCarthy was never a member HUAC and had little interest in the Hollywood type policy - his investigations were almost exclusively confined to the US government's weapons. The mythology of "red intimidation" was unfounded. has now completely exploded the recently opened Soviet and US government documents, if anything McCarthy and his associates underestimated the very sphere of Soviet and travel infiltrations in the United States, but decades of public misinformation about this period would be difficult to correct. One day maybe some brave Hollywood soul will make a film telling the truth about how many American men and women secretly helped the mass murderer Stalin and worked to impose his evil system of government. to the Western world, giving the right view of perhaps the career of Joe McCarthy - but I will not hold my breath. Until then, we have this mythical, drunken lying thread of popular imagination that is so famous in the media ... "Tail gunner Joe".
