Frankly, this is easy in the top 5 worst movies I've ever seen. In part, because it is taken so seriously, unlike the ordinary light heart, this movie wants to emotionally get in touch, feel for the characters, and take care of the alleged plot. None of this is ever approaching events. **** MILD SPOILERS ****** There are 3 main reasons why this film is so awesome: 1.) A deceptive and totally non-sensual complication. 2.) Annoying "MTV" camera. 1.) Obviously, when these films were filmed, they could not decide whether to make a movie about church conspiracies, stigmas or possession. Well, guess what? They were combined! The euthyst gets obsessed with a dead person, who then forces him to expose the stigmata to expose church conspiracy. As an ordinary person can overcome death and possesses another human being through his crown, he never explains, nor even speaks. Now, instead of just saying what he wants to say, he gives it to Stigmata. WHY? Why do not you just spit it out? Instead, screaming scans are treated in sharp voices, carving mysterious messages on the car, and writing messages on the walls. Apparently, this priest was also a violent man, because the obsessed young lady also resembled characters, while speaking in that cliché, a sharp, "obsessed" voice that we all heard countless times. This also begins to bind for my second complaint, because whenever a young lady gets stigma, she also opposes the laws of gravity floating in the air, and throwing everything and everything around as if they are in an earthquake? Why is this happening? Who knows!?! I guess the director thought it was "cool". 2.) These films contain dozens of shots, in slow motion, of course, birds that appear out of nowhere and leave, and the most bored, water droplets. The apartment of this woman is constantly drinking water! CONSTANTLY! Logically, the site would probably have broken off with these many holes. To summarize this complaint, by the end, and for absolutely no reason, the camera cuts water droplets, slowly, in reverse! WHY!?! I have no idea! It has nothing to do with anything, and once again, I bet that this is because the director thinks it's "cool". 3.) One of the main characters says that he became a priest to explain. holes in science. This makes no sense to me. I would think that going to church would be enough, but no, he must go through the whole rigorously to become a priest. I'm not just buying it. Secondly, there are many holes for parcels, some of which will be processed in more detail. To begin with, when she first gets stigmata, the scene ends with her laying out without consciousness, bleeding. Then, she's in the hospital. Who called the ambulance? The other is in the end, when the previously mentioned "scientific priest" tells the spirit of a girl. He says, "Take me as your messenger!" It's not a word for word, but you get an idea. His answer? "You have no faith, only doubt!" So, for this reason, he owns a etiquette! Aetist has no faith, much less than any scientific priest! And then, there is also the fact that the plot of this film, this lost Gospel (I believe St. Thomas) is available in local bookshops. The characters are willing to kill to suppress this document, but you could go down to the bookstore and buy it. Perhaps this should take place in an alternative history, where it is not widely known, but the film never attempts to tell it to us, or even to suggest that this is an alternative event of the disclosure of that document. In the end, this film is horrifying to a spectacular degree. It's my cunning enemy, who feels the need to offend every chance I get. I do not like it. Finishing class: F
