Not only was the film's author, Steven Greenstreet, apparently idolized Michael Moore, but he also followed his footsteps using several Moore tactics in making Propaganda. Moore has the expertise to discourage viewers from this focus, while Greenstreet is apparently less skillful here. Since I was familiar with all the questions about Moore's speech at the UVSC, I was disappointed that I saw community complaints - that Moore was paid $ 40,000 from Utah State Funds to basically promote the campaign John Kerry advertised his own liberal film - Greenstreet pushed into the background while minor issues were sensationalized. The marketing methods for this video are equally biased and undesirable ... promoting the film claiming that "Mormon tried to kill Moore". Not only is this ridiculous, but also the slander of the great religion with which Greenstreet obviously has some personal problems. I followed Moore's visit very closely, and all the major news agencies noticed that Moore's visit came and went without any credible security problems or incidents in Utah. film career to the extent that he even left the film school to accelerate. This seems to have been a serious miscalculation, since Moore has visited approximately 60 other colleges and universities throughout the country in 2004, which has reduced interest in this rather common event. Greenstree's assumption that the American audience will be interested in this film because of the promoted religious and conservative angles seems to be not well-founded. Even the name of the film, "This divided state" is something of the wrong name, because Yuta has mostly voted for Bush's re-election and thus appears to be more politically united than any other state. The division in the title of the film seems more indicative of the gap that exists in the ideological differences of Greenstreet with his religion and state. If nothing else, I find a witty correlation between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and hysterical conflict of Voody Allen in Sleeper (1973) that he was "beaten by the quakers."
