In all my years of film, I just left the film only once, and that was terrible "Stai Tuned". Fortunately, the movie returned the ticket and I went to see "Buffi the Vampire Slaier" instead (less improvement). This film is "Spooked by the Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy that is so inconvenient that it almost became the second film I came out of. "Dick" was so inconvenient that he was even impossible to laugh, let alone laugh with him. Naturally, paying for watching a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that the "dick" jokes will be filled and ending a huge disappointment, and yet I had great hopes for a noticeable cast (Daniel Hedaia, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc., etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. What the movie delivered was, as it is being transmitted, four humorous jokes with humorous jokes, a comic time that had suffered from jetlagos, and a premise that was weak after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Vatergate scene from "Forrest Gumpa" stretched - no, laid on a rack and damaged - over 90 + tormenting minutes. As soon as you realize that the two main characters are worthless, inexperienced skewers who continually capture the eyeballs - participate in every important event in Watergate, you begin to mentally check the plot as it progresses: 18 minutes per minute from the Nikon tape , CHECK; Deep Throat Meetings with Voodwood and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean gets a heart change and testifies, CHECK. The process draws out languidly and more attractive, like the real thing with Vatergate, with so much ridicule. And although she assumes it's a fun re-deconstruction of the events that led to the resignation of President Nixon, she turns into color by numbers, a comedy dealing with her adventure, filling empty pieces. Very few and entertaining even less. Even the strong side of the film - the aforementioned actress - is here confusingly unproductive. Most disappointing Harri Shearer as G. Gordon Liddi. Trapped while behind the dense Lidi's mustache and stiffened in this darkened dark scenario, Scherber mumbles several lines, desperately trying to retreat behind a prosthetic nose and his eyebrows, and then disappears. Dave Folei, one of the comic masters of Kids in the hall (two more, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinnei also appear in this movie - ah, blessings of nepotism) are also bad. His H. H. Haldeman occasionally gives a lot of need for illumination of funeral conspiracy, but the funniest thing about him is a buzz-cut which sport - perhaps the most entertaining film of all. And there is Daniel Hedaia as Richard Nikon - ups, I mean "Dick". (Ha ha how fun funny.) He manages to play a solid Nikon, avoiding pitfalls (such as excessive makeup, rubber nose and false teeth by Anthony Hopkins), while preserving the essence (fluctuating between human tenderness and rudeness). Looks like I'm forgetting someone. . . Oh yeah, two movie stars, those overweight teenagers. I can not remember their names, maybe because I pushed their performances. Nothing could be further than ridiculous; Nothing can be more painful than the need to withstand their delivery that went through "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with occasional "pouti" thieves. This film was a bad excuse to combine the soundtrack of the 70's and the parade of an unheard-of clothing period, which seems to be the norm these days for movies and TV shows set up in "Decade Me". But clothes and music become a substitute for true characterization and complication, some kind of extra-shortcut that manufacturers hope to compensate for anemic writing. The only possible use for this film is for years to come when one of his talented actors appears on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible film excrement will get out to be embarrassed and hopefully humiliate a stunning guest star. It's sad that the real bad guys in all of this - writers and producers - will be far from looking at the camera, maybe it will prepare another disaster like this one. <br /> <br />
