When I first looked at the preview for this movie, I really could not wait to see it. The action looked good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place at a prom night, a great idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed by one of his students, hesitates, gets arrested and flees three years later on a prom night! Prom night, a night to be happy and unforgettable, turns into hell !! However, I saw that and I was extremely disappointed. It was not just the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen !! First, it was not scary. There was not a moment in that movie when I jumped from my seat. Also, the murders were so sweet and boring. Everything that the scapegoat did was to stab your victims in the stomach many times or to cut their throats. Also, there was absolutely no worse (his PG-13). The scene with the highest blood was probably the one in which a killer kills a black girl. She cut her throat and spraying blood on the sheets that hung around them (they do not actually show that her throat is cut off). . It's not mysterious, creepy or frightening. He's just the guy who kills people. Also, everything in the movie was so cliché. An example is when at the end of the killer kills the main character and at the last moment the detective kills and kills him. Also, every thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs for her life, hides, thinks she will escape, and then the killer just jumps and kills her. extremely bad. The guy goes to the hotel, kills a few people, the bodies are discovered, someone pulls a fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, has a meeting with a killer, runs and runs. That's it! She and her boyfriend are returning home, the killer kills guards who patroll home, finds a girl, and then the detective kills himself. The sequence of the film was so stupid and cliché. If you are thinking about watching this movie just because the review looked good, believe me, do not waste time and money. No wonder this film was shown in the smallest theater in the cinema. My friend and I, together with these two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones in the theater. It was supposed to tell me something about the movie in advance.
