* Can somebody tell me WHERE is COMEDI ?? !! * (Charlie Sheen) is a very bad comedian, (Thomas Haden Church) looks so bad (with him!), and the whole thing is so fat! Have you tried to make a live comic that turned out to be a superb bloody nightmare and was not even funny? Like on a scene in the bathroom plan; It was so good with its cinematographic imagination, but nothing more ... except PAIN! Donald Sutherland ?? His relationship with his daughter ?! This is actually the type of work they did just to make it and earn some money from it, but it became such a crime when that money would be looted by ourselves who fooled us so low artwork and entertainment did not have any fun at all! * Well, it would be uglier if it was a big production and to play Brando in his golden age with a real star. The Shin family is here. Just be aware of it! Anyone who admired this movie or - God forbid - loves him! Then you have to go directly to the therapy before you become more dangerous and hurt anyone else! * Brando is undoubtedly a genius, but the film is not! And he did not intend to be here after reading this for sure !! But the main big problem is that no one else has ever worked in this matter trying, or wanting, to be a little wise or even good !!! (I'm sorry to cry now! Torture of the film is incredible!). * There is a scene in which (Brando) strikes (Mira Sorvino) by shoes! That was so real! Maybe he saw in her so he punished himself for being in such a shit! For mill miles: this could have been better (or less nasty!). The scenario, to the looting of the train, was fine and I just imagined they would escape to have some kind of a hunt like the other (Smokey and Bandit), but with (Brando) as a sheriff. In fact, any of these chimeras was much more merciful than what I was looking at! * Why this masterpiece did not receive any Razzie Award ?! You want to make me believe that it was a lower movie than OVOG? I do not think so ! This is the situation in which Razzie's supervisor had to win one for his negligence! Martin Shin is also here as a guest star, perhaps for supporting his son's failure, but the ironic father was a failure as his son! and why is that?! Okay ! Because I hate Martina Shina maybe more than hate comics that were not as good as his ambition! It's not a comedy movie, NO .. It's horror! and I hate horror movies, especially those that are propagated as comic! * The name is good about it? Hmmm! Well, this compared to another monstrous Marlon Brund movie (Dr. Moreau Island - 1996) would be close to (Casablanca) !! PS: if you still want to know what they are or who are really bad, ugly and very ugly in this movie .. Just pray your last prayer and go watch. You !
