A little siren is one of my absolutely favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to have to say that Disney was completely embarrassed when they made this sequel. I admit he has some good things. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clear and clear. I'm sure there is some humor - I do not remember, because I immediately prohibited it from appearing again to appear before my eyes. The worst thing about this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. It forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, out of fear), just as she was banned from approaching the earth. I personally think that, in view of her past, Ariel would maintain some of her hard-line ways and not treat her daughter as she was treated. Some kind of sea witch (deceived, forgotten sisters) that is more comical than terrible. She also has little endeavor to do her bidding - but she is not scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her conviction for the bad. This sea witch is a joke. To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deeply-expressed father (no longer a cute gupp we all know and love), and Eric's voice is not even done by the same actor (something that always irritates me in remake / continuation). (By the way, the difference in voice was very obvious to me!) I felt that the only reason this film was made was that Disney could catch a few quick bucks, something I hate to think about the corporation I really enjoy. I felt that this shop lacked imagination. I know that this act is happening (a child followed by parents), but Ariel is different. That's what we loved about her so much. She had a dream, she fell in love, and she had this dream. Until she appeared in this film, that is. Then she became like other adults. This is not Ariel I know. And I do not like it. I know for the kids who enjoyed this movie, and I know some adults who did not have anything against it. But for me, and for all of you who have the greatest love for Ariel, do not look at this movie. Ariel that we know is dying from within, a resurrection for a song or two and one final scene that is not really bad (where it accepts water again) - although very little takes part in the end, no matter what.
