Although I have not yet reviewed the film for about two years, I remember exactly what made my opinion as low as it was. Since I loved the original Little Siren and was obsessed with the cheeses as it could be a child, I decided to take the time to sit down and look at the sequel. Disney, I have a small message for you. If you do not have the original director and the actors ... you just want to push your ass. Below, our story begins with a little older Ariel and her daughter, Melody. My first big question was that Eric and the rest of the crew sang. Yes, I understand that Disney is great on singing and dancing numbers, but indeed, it made Eric the favorite prince. He was calm, collected, and a real gentleman who knew how to have fun. I DID. NOT. SING. And there is a villain too. Oh, how can we forget the tremors that fell down our spear whenever Ursula fell on the screen, intimidating Ariel and the audience all over the world? Unfortunately, this gene was not forwarded to its seemingly useless sister, Morgana. There was never anything, EVER said for Morgan in the first film; she appears from nowhere, trying to steal a baby. Oh, how sweet. The younger sister is typed in and instead of going for a troubled one, she decides to kidnap an old baby a month. I'm gagging. Apart from being a flat character, with no sense of originality in it, Morgan was very unusual. The same plan as her sister, the same devotees (who, by the way, did not scare anyone. I was three years on the lap when I watched this movie, and she hysterically laughed.) She did not make sense to be there; I would like to see my mom as a villain. I'm sure I would do a better job there than that little Miss Tish. King Triton did not hold any respect that he earned from me in the first movie, and even did not get it. I started from Scuttle, Sebastian and Flounder. Triton was strict but loving father in the first film, and in the other he almost seemed to have lost the will to throw fear into the hearts of his subjects. Scuttle, sometimes a comic relief that all smiled at his 'dingle-hopper' (yes, I admit it, I used to call dingle-hoper for some time). In this film, Scuttle has forgotten. Supporting character even in the first, at least something added to the film. He was rich in flavor that others did not have, and afterwards they were completely subtracted. Sebastian was still the same, but twice as worrying as before. Disney, do not do this. Do not even try to cling to our favorite cancer. Or our favorite little fat fish, which becomes dad and has a lot of very boring children. He's fat, and he's gentle, and it looks like he's going on a straight line in a second. Morse and penguin were unnecessary, and after a while, you began to offend anyone. Especially Melody, which does not have any depth at all. And one of these days, Disney, I'm getting out of my life. If I did not love so many of your originals.
