I loved the first Little Siren. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say so much about Miri siren II: Return to the sea. It was scary. Let's start with the story. The action was a reverse copy of the first movie. The same situation, except the other way around! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel deceived Ursula, Melody fooled Ursula's sister, Morgan. Ursula had a sister? I'm not sure where he came from. In addition to being a strange copy of the first movie, this movie movie seemed tired and uninteresting in relation to the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to her? !! She was no longer a spunk, a stubborn teenager whom we all knew and liked from the first movie, she was now "grown up" and her personality was gone. Her singing voice was not so strong, because either Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so scary that her talent was futile. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have much personality in the first film, like all Disney princes, somehow his new voice and several lines made him even more robotic. Above all, he simply can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes one of them difficult. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to jealous crabs from the first movie, because his place took a buzz, aggravating a little cancer. He also did not have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he has gained from singing incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and it's very sad. 4. Flounder - They destroyed it !! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrific, and now he has children? Who's the mother? 5. Morgan - It seems that Ursula's sister has come out of revenge against her mother, who always took Ursula over her. So he plans to get the trizant of King Triton to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? In any case, she is a very cliché criminal and lags behind Ursula's greatness as a villain. It epic decay in witchcraft, it is not very hard, and it does not threaten at all. 6. Melody- Ariel and Eric's daughter. The ironic name, because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is boring, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or sympathetic, and she is completely the same as Ariel, in the opposite direction and not so cute. Skip this. Do not look at any Disney sequel except Lion King 2. This movie has been killed by a classic living in all our beautiful memories. I will look at this film and just laugh.
