All right, like a long-time Disney fan, I really hate - Disney's sequel. Valt ONLY did not believe in them. He believed in "And they lived happily ever after" and that's the end. But this ... REALLY marked the taco. There were so many other Disney movies in this, it was not funny. A brief summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Erika, was born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (which basically looks like Ursula, if she wants to color green and goes on a diet of Allie Macbeal famine), appears and, after trying to bear a newborn baby and misses, prophesies the destruction of characters. After this temptation, Ariel stops being like her father and refuses to tell Melody about her siren, and later forbids her to go near the sea. Surprise surprise. Melody finds out that he's a stubborn bugger and runs off, and then he agrees with Morgan to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Does that sound familiar?) It becomes one, but in its half of the arrangement it has to come to her grandfather Trident and return it to the sea witch. As you do it, she encounters a few exotic animals, a penguin and a scum named Timon and Pump - huh? Wait ... no! These are not Timon and Pumbai! or is it? He could fool me. In any case, I would like to discover more, but almost everything that could be guessed. Ok so ... a short story. This film "borrows too much" from other (better) Disney movies ... and it's terrible. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not only Dash obscurely overcome and make it even more obvious! Ugh. Not to mention, the total fine art of Arieline's personality. She moved from a free, stubborn woman to her father's clone. It's not good at all ... they basically tell us a sweet, fiery little siren that we know grows and love is dead. Melody itself is not such a beautiful character ... damn bored! And brothers! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Uh ... anyway, if you decide to see this part of the created-mainly-for-profit-reasons, no-fantasy, Eisner-sponsored c ****** t, I suggest you wait until it reaches Disney Channel or another TV station. Because it does not even cost the rent. * Of ***** star.
