I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who wrote basically remake, although there are several changes that only worsen the situation. SPOILERS: It's a lot like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter threatens Ursula's sister, Morgan. Morgan ran away, but he keeps his promise to take the Melody from them. Did Ursula have a sister? And it's not such a big crime as Ursula was. There is a similarity. Medallions are kept from the sea until Morgan is captured, but she does not know anything about it, because all this happened when she was a baby. The wall surrounds the palace to keep it inside and leave. She goes on a daily basis under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. She has a shell with her name on it and she escapes from home and asks for answers and finds Morgan. Here's the similarity; Morgana tricks Melody, making it happy by turning into a mermaid. In the meantime, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for it. In order to stay the siren she needs to steal a trident from Triton. So Melody works because he does not know that King Triton is her father. She is friends with the penguin and the sea, and here she is terrible. The penguins who live with them in the ice ocean hate them because they are cowards. That's why they try to prove that the heroes are failing. It does not fit a little siren. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and these two characters is the bleeding of the ear. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This one is not and is not magical. This is just an example of how many sequels are bad. Melody finds them and helps to take it to the Atlantic to prove it. When they take a troub, Ariel finds Melody with Morgan. Melody is angry with her mother, who keeps her from the sea so she gives the triangle Morgana, and then she shows her real colors when she catches her. Poor Ariel and Melody are in custody. The penguin and the wolf begin to prove themselves when fighting with a friend Morgan. I'm sorry I did not mention it before. They are finally proven. Erik, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but they are forced to bow down to the Morgans with the power of a troubled man. Melody takes it, throws it in Triton, and he bakes Morgan (literally). Ariel apologizes for Melody and thinks it's all her fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say it. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or on land. She actually has a "better idea". She uses a triangle to evaporate the wall so that people and mer-folk can be together. Then everyone is singing a horrible song. THE END. Anyone who saw this and liked this, obviously did not see the original. I do not like this because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very small. When I grew old, I began to see what's wrong with this movie. young people, children will enjoy it, but it is likely that, when they are in elementary school, they will forget about it. I would normally think that I was judging the film and was better than I remember when I looked at him again, but not this one. It's worse. The story is no exception. If you have thought, reading this as a good story, read more about this comment and you will know other bad points: Well, now you know the story. I'm sorry to have spoiled you, but I had to point out some of the bad things. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original had a nice color. Looking at this, I almost wanted to blind myself. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful magic color and a beautiful design of underwater landscapes, as well as land, which he was looking forward to watching. Compared to the first one, music is shit. The songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) which Melody could sing. Sometimes she sang too high or did not follow the melody in the song. So much so that "Melody" is a name. And music is not at all beautiful or moving. The Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for her and she really deserved it. This earned the award for the worst music award below if it existed. Votes I did not like. A few people who played characters from the first, did the same in this one. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now she's older, no offense for her, her voice is too deep and she's no longer so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed in her and others who were the first in it. If I'm chosen for this film, just by reading scripts, I can say it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is now smarter, but boring. They are overrated in its character, making it too mature. Below you do not need to change characters unless it's for some special reason. The first one was sixteen. It is unlikely to change. This is the stage when you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Scenarists should think about it. You should think of a character. Well, I guess it's for me. I hope that my comment will be useful to you, because I am sure many of you will agree with my view.
