This film makes me vow every time I see it. If you take the first movie and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, then throw the fucking animation and the biggest shit factor, maybe you get a little siren 2. It is basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot. I'll take you through the horror of this step by step. These are the people from the first film: First, Prince Eric is still Prince Erik, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel is tense, boring, and not carefree, the stubborn spirit we have seen in the first. In fact, it is just the opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian just less sweet, less convincing than stress, and jokes are no longer funny. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children and speaks with a stupid nose. Scuttle is still stupid, just not funny. The character of Triton is probably the best, he continues to intimidate intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. It seems that Ariel and Prince Erik are not joking about their daughter. As I said, everything they did was to use the characters from the first movie and copy them. That's what they did: Ursula - The new evil badman is Morgan, Ursula's sister who feels like she always lived in Ursula's shadow. I would not be afraid to show up at my door with a knife. She can not do anything good and she is unsuccessful as a criminal. She has the same voice ursula. Sebastian & Flounder - They're probably probably the dumbest guys, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. In the end, they become heroes. Iavn. Flatson & Jetsom - Now replaced with a shark that is 10k smaller than triton. And he's really bad. Morgan and sharkbait (I think his name is) do not have chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our wonderful siren was replaced by her unkempt daughter, melody. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to hit her face because she is so fake sweet sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and children are laughing, she has to find her. Not only is the film boring and unoriginal, it's so simple when you watch this movie that will shake you up to how bad it is. Some parts of the movie want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible movie is made as a continuation of such a wonderful original. as a comparison and Ed Vood film in Casablanca. Never look at this, even when it's boring.
