Night of a prom night: the most important night for every shallow girl who is almost entirely made of plastic. And so the characters reminded us every ten minutes when in their little lives there was a stupid event in the head. There's really no excuse for Prom Night. There is nothing original about it and I would really give it a zero or less star that was possible on the IMDb. The only part of my view I enjoyed was when a group of teenagers before us decided to play the game of ghosts. It was much more exciting than what was happening on the screen in front of them. The plot was basically a guy who started to ride. The thing is, it was not a bit of a thrilling rage. Perhaps, if this guy was farther away from fear, and not Robbie Villiams, a baseball cap, he might have sat there and felt a little worried. The fact that I did not care less for the characters than for the color of the carpet in the cinema, also did not contribute to the effect. And to make matters worse, the other characters were equally one-dimensional and unconscious. It seems that the hotel staff did not notice or worried that one of their maids disappeared and that there was additional evidence that the killer was unrecognizable after shaving. I was incredibly surprised that the bitch, a stereotyped girl in a blue dress, was the only person who noticed who he was. She sees it, then continues to fall down the stairs, enters the plastic sheet, and then collapses a bunch of brown buckets. Nice. The worst thing was that I believed that the director was trying his absolute most difficult. He really pushed all the borders by not showing any kind of murder that actually happens. Shocking! And music, not even to start. It was almost as convenient as the funeral at the funeral. I really want Prom Night to be a joke. It was terrible and stupidly predictable. Nobody, in your health mind or otherwise, has no reason to see this movie. It seems that mainstream cinema goes downhill and movies like this worsen the situation. If you get the need to see this absolutely horrible movie, listen to my application. Do not do it. There are better things to spend six pounds. As a sheet with which ghosts play.
