Ok ... so I saw a lot of strange / unusual movies in my day. Fear and contempt in Las Vegas comes to mind when I think about it. Well no more ... from now on, whenever someone asks me, "hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" Slipstream is what I will say! And I do not mean "unusual" in a good way. From the very beginning of the film it was obvious that this would be one of those films "trippi camera effect". I mean, small things like flashing images on the screen, rewinding and fast rewinding of words and scenes, moving color on the screen, flashing forward and flash, constantly ... then you have actual behavior. People randomly become violent, shoot at things / people, say the strangest things that simply do not do much, if it makes sense. The film is about a writer that begins to mix real life with a book writing and because of the lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "journey" that he continues during the film. The point is that Johnny Depp went on a similar trip to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but the only difference is that his trip was fun to watch, not painfully! Frankly, it was hard for me even to finish Slipstream. I was a little bit hurt by the brain. I see that some movie lover claims that this movie has certain movie nuances that make it not only unique, but also to add the feeling of dementia ... blah blah blah. The thing is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it ... it does not make much sense, you need to concentrate on everything to even try to understand what's going on, and even in the end, the only thing you can be She's happy she's over ... and you can say that you were actually going through her! In the end, if you want to watch a movie that will tell you again and again, "What the hell" is, how loud and in the head, continue to lose an hour and 30 minutes and check this out. > Mr. Hopkins, while I applaud you as an actor and I praise your choice to make a stab in directing ... please, do not ever make a movie like this again. Next time try something that relies more on the big stories than on camera techniques that leave the viewer headache.
