Given the ability to write, direct and play in my movie, I would probably pick something about robots with rifles. Anthony Hopkins, however, decided to make perhaps the most weirdest film anyone ever saw. "Slipstream" is a film that's so weird that even David Linch would probably look at the person next to him and say, "What's happening?" This is a movie in which, in one scene, a man crosses the road to a yellow car turned to the right, which suddenly turns into a pink car facing to the left. This is a movie in which two characters are talking with pictures of random people who laugh and insects climb walls. This is a film in which a man begins to talk about the "Invasion of Bodysnatchers" only that the actor of that movie suddenly appears himself (and then disappears). This is a movie that decides to cast a need for a coherent plot directly from the window and uses fifteen different edits while you are doing it, and it changes from black and white to color for seemingly no reason. However, I have to to praise Mr. Hopkins for his choice of actors in this film (some of which feature more characters). All those involved are cast into their roles, even if they probably have no idea what they are actually doing. My favorite here was the violent Christian Slater in the hat, which was impressively dangerous as he broke the nonsense and sang the American anthem. Anthony Hopkins said that this movie was a joke and that it may be the best way to summarize "Slipstream". It's a joke for the audience. You will look from the beginning to the end, trying to understand what is happening and hoping that the answer will come, only to find that the answer is never actually. What a joke, only Anthony Hopkins will ever know. I mentioned David Lincha earlier and I am a big fan of this director. I suppose Anthony Hopkins shares my love for "Twin Peaks", "Blue Velvet" and "Lost Highway". However, "Slipstream" is not as satisfying as any Linch film despite imitating many of its techniques (although I was surprised to discover that no one talks to Slipstream). It is too chaotic and coincidental - as pointed out by another critic, the film version of Alzheimer's disease. There is no doubt that there is a small number of those who are able to watch this and extract something from it. Unfortunately for the rest of us, "Slipstream" quickly becomes a boring and confusing experience that has been made solely because of Hopkins' engagement. Take charge at your own risk.
