Why Hollywood feels the need to re-make films that were so brilliant (The Tekas Chainsav Massacre, The Hills Have Eies), but whether it's much worse why Hollivood feels the need to process those horror films that were not brilliant (Prom Night, Amitiville Horror ) Similar to their originals, these remakes fail to create an atmosphere, character, or any real fears. Prom Night is so straight and uninteresting that it's hard to watch it, but for all the wrong reasons. It's a bad thing, a massive insanity and finally a bored trip that fails in everything that's been designed. Clearly, Hollivood Horror is dead. Even those like "The Hills Have Eies" and "Tekas Chainsav Massacre" managed to ruin their franchise in style with blood vessels and a decent complication. Prom night is virtually bleak and I will not even mention how complicated the plot was. Their inability to seal the killers identifies this movie with the most horrible horror films ever since ... the original one. One of the most notorious film films of the 1980s is returning to terrorize viewers with a film that again proves how can really be terrible dancing in high school. Donna Keppel (Brittany Snov) survived a terrible tragedy, but now it's time to leave the past behind and celebrate her old prom dress in style. When the big night finally arrives, Donna and her best friends are preparing to enjoy their last big shot from high school living and entertaining until dawn. But while Donna is willing to look past her nightmares and a brighter future, the man she thought she had fled forever returned to her last dance. The obsessed killer is at large and will kill anyone who tries to prevent him from reaching his only Donna. Who will survive to see the day of maturation, and what will Donna do when she is forced to deal with her greatest fear? Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup and Dana Davis star in a remake that will have a toused-dressed teenager looking nervously over their shoulders everywhere as they step into the dance floor. An action that will probably refuse to see this. The witch if you ask me is a good thing. Without much work, McCormick is trying to get the tension out of the most immediate situation. At one point, the girl returns to the floor lamp (lamp!) And McCormick tries to fill her in the moment of intimidation. Desperate times really require desperate measures. From the last IKEA catalog there were not as many cabinets. In the era of The Hills, We Super Sveet 16 and Catch a Predator, there is probably a strange, terrifying film to be mined by the commodity of glamor and the ghastly obsession of youthful beauty. This is not the movie. My final judgment? Avoid at all costs. Nobody will love Prom Night, even disappointment for those who usually enjoy hackers processing. Considering the absolute lack of blood or fear. The night you'll hurry to forget.
