... rolling out dozens of better films. Especially the "Storia" by Steven Martin, who at least had the grace to be obviously invented, although he played his then girlfriend playing her girlfriend in the movie. Yes, naive guys and girls, "20 Dates" is mockumentary, although I'm not absolutely sure that Miles Berkovitz intended when it started. My impression is that the project started half-seriously, and then he quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny, unless the situation was more and more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has an uncomfortable, inexpensive and dishonest feeling about it. As somebody wisely pointed out, the film has two "dates" that sue and put ban on Miles, yet they appear in the movie, which would be impossible because they would require a form of consent. It also seems to me that most women who appear as "dates" of a professional actress (albiet are not known, except Tina Carrera) - they are simply too obviously beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. Mr. Berkovitz made a classic mistake in casting this kind of very nice actress instead of using different convincing women, who may have made the premise (even mockumentary) more convincing and funny. He also glides over what is probably his problem in the real world, that is, the film character and real world of Miles Berkovitz are functionally unemployed (his real life IMDb credits are practically non-existent, except this film). Even in the film world, his ex-wife divorced him because she was never employed. I think that the viewer (let alone the real life of Mr Berkovitz) deserves the explanation that he is able to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US, in a luxury apartment, driving a fancy car and eating at expensive restaurants when he sees no source of income . (Is it a drug dealer? Live from your rich parents? No idea!) You can get away with most of anything in the movie, if the jokes are really funny. "20 dates" is painful, embarrassingly funny. Mr Berkovitz's idea of ​​a joke is that his character, while at restaurants, announces to his comrades that the food he serves will likely be given either by diarrhea or constipation - the LARGEST kind of child's pet humor. It is not surprising to find that Mr. Berkovitz never filmed a movie before the "date 20" and has not recorded a single film for the past 8 years, appeared as an actor in someone's film OR had written or produced loans of any kind. My instinct tells me that this movie was not financed by "Elie" (gangster money that appears outside the camera), but it is more likely that Mr Berkovitz's wealthy parents are, or maybe, a shocking abuse of credit cards. Whatever it was, we can all rest that it is unlikely that we will have to see Miles Berkovitz or any of his creative efforts EVERYBODY again. Hallelujah !!!
