While Bondarchuk was not a young man when he was in charge of the work on this project, he was still the director of the novice with only one picture, the successful adaptation of the short story of the Second World War, in his name. Bondarchuk, of course, has been an established actor for decades, but the theoretical skills little mean behind the camera, and as a director he was unprepared for producing such a size. And this is manifested through the clutter of recorded compositions that are particularly obvious in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, and performance of wild quality for directors were obviously overwhelmed by the very size of the actors of the task that were obviously left behind by their own means, the awkward voices that sounded like sound. As announcements for radio broadcasting. The "War and Peace" Vidurov was probably the main reason the Soviet government had harmed this production. The issuance of the image of Vidor by the Soviet Union was quite snooping. Surely, Bondarchuk wanted to mimic the greatest power of a Hollywood movie and find his Audrey. His final choice, Liudmila Savelieva, a sharp, black-and-white thing, really reminds a bit about Hepburn. Unfortunately, there was a dancer from Kirov with no acting experience and talent, so it is surprising that the most beautiful word I can find is to describe her performance "terrible". Although it can be expected that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoi characters, would better understand them from strangers, but this war and peace often prove that this is not the case. Revolutionary revolt took away a thin upper layer of Russian cultural land from which the world of war and peace grew, so many of these great Soviet actors involved in this production often seem not to know as Americans who perform Shakespeare (of course, not American actors I can not play Shakespeare credibly, but you will know what I mean if you testified to American actors in Branag's adaptations. Of the three main characters, Bondarku's Pierre is praiseworthy, but even he was too old for that role and feeling be out of place at an early stage.
