PLEASE START YOUR MINUTE TO READ MY OBJECTIVE REVIEW. I DO NOT FEEL FILM ONLY - ONLY DVD VERSIONS THAT ARE AVAILABLE FOR THIS DAY. *** I really wanted to give this movie to two stars. I mean, how could that be positioning only 1 out of 10!?! Here's how: an epic film adaptation of Tolstoi's novel "War and Peace" with historically precise combat scenes, thanks to the Red Army and extremely faithful adaptation of the novel in the scene for the scene would be difficult, but worth it to pass through seven o'clock - if you saw it. The problem is that you can not see the movie - anywhere I know it. I try to watch the RusCiCo DVD version - which is considered the best version available because it is framed and returns scenes that are cut out of other DVD editions. But it's one of the worst film footage I've ever seen on DVD. The picture is blurry and inconsistent, often blinking. It's almost tolerable if you increase the brightness, color and level of the picture to the maximum ... but the problem does not end. The sound is also inconsistent, loudly loud in parts, practically silent in others. As far as language is concerned, it is a MUCH problem for English speakers - the synchronization option has several good actors, and some are really horrible whose performance is solved, and parts of the movie are not even called back, in Russian or even French randomly. Option for subtitles is not much better. Subtitles do not appear below the image, but above it - blur some of the beauty (or what is left of it) into the landscape. Moreover, subtitles are often a bad translation (embarrassing since the script tried to get so close to Tolstoi's real words), and it looks like the subtitles just turned out in parts. So, even if you maximize color, brightness and image settings, and turn on the volume, and select subtitle * and * English synchronized, you will still get a movie that is boring to watch and listen to. Can this overcome the content? Maybe it was possible, but at seven o'clock - who can endure that long? Maybe one day somebody will come and restore this - and maybe then I'll see a masterpiece - but for now, I can not give more than one star to something I just managed to see around the first 12%.
