A very bad but visible film from a science fiction that suffers from abominable special effects, bad acting and funny stories. The film opens a spaceship that returns from a study on Mars with a woman and a man with a green mucus on his arm. She, through some hockey plans, begins to talk about what happened on this fateful journey, because almost all the tapes were magnetically deleted. The four astronauts take on this journey: the military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrei Bogart, the poor who enjoys the pronunciation of the word "Irish" and has an actor's cod, then Naura Haiden, a beautiful redhead and only a female crew. a member of the flight with three men carrying the most frequent suits can accentuate all of her curves, followed by Les Tremaine, a fine art actor from cheap sci-fi movies like this one as a jaguar, and the last, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - a Brooklyn guy scarves and does not seem too bright even though chosen for their expertise in electronics. None of these performers is really good, and they all speak their dialogue with little conviction. Look at Tremaine as he says that scientific nonsense! Really, the best of four is Kruschen - and that's really a lot about this movie. But if we behave badly on the side, the film decays when we land on Mars through a flashback. The angry red planet had a real cheap budget, because Mars is indeed an American Southwest with a heavy red shade. When the story searches for something that might look like Marsovci, there are drawings set with a heavy red shade. It can be said that the Monster Drawings may be even worse because we get a spider with a bat-rat size of up to 40 feet that seems to be some kids collecting dead animals together. Another significant creature is a huge amber with an oscillating eye. Vhev! This is bad. There is a beautiful drawing of the city of Mars, but this was not enough in the movie. Despite all these great problems, Angry Red Planet is a fun bad movie. It's really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they used in the movie are so outdated. One guy uses electric wire razor, and I thought they could get to Mars, but they still use wires. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look to most of the film even with budget constraints, but his story and Sid Pink do not fly. And how does this end with music and psychedelic colors? Groove man!
