The spaceship returns from Mars; Some couple of months ago, an expedition of 4 people was sent to the red planet. The larger part of the picture is feedback about what happened there. The picture is burdened with meaningless, melodramatic dialogue, typical of many scientific efforts of the fifties and sixties. Take note, for example, as the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; as if moving to another place within the ship would cause a problem. Later, the commander orders two crew members to stay on board while he and others are leaving. The two who ordered it to remain said "there is no way" and follow them; Until this moment, I did not have much hope for the success of the expedition. There is a lot of talk about 'ears that jerk' and embrace pistols called 'Cleo' (short of Cleopatra, of course). At least it would be pretty funny, unintentionally, if the story did not pull out. There is a very slow tempo of the whole thing; The astronauts spend so much time watching the windows of the ship's windows (which change the color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they do outside the research. The Mars landscape, advertised as "Cinemagic", usually resembles snippets of animation, or drawings, filmed through an orange-red filter to get an illusion of interaction with actors who appear due to the strange surreal appearance due to the process. But I do not think it does deceive anyone older than 10 years. One clever reference I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut will be colored by unreasonableness, in order to explain the unreal nature of the Marxian view. Oh, ok ... I was amazed by some astronaut action as they began to explore; Immediately from the bat, they test their freezing pistol on the plant, killing it, just for hell. Then the female member hacked with a mache in what she thinks is a tree, but it turns out to be the foot of the spider monster. It's nice going, ma'am. Find next time. No wonder the "intelligence" on Mars is upsetting and does not bother that one of the lower forms of life, a huge amoeba, attacks investigators. The acting is not too impressive. Mohr in particular, he had a very disturbing technique, pronouncing the line, then suddenly erupting in a huge smile that always crawled - reminded me of To! Terror From Beiond Space. The ending is quite anti-climatic; Do not expect any huge discovery behind 'no more expeditions' with a frozen rifle called Cleo.
