60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape from the isolated interns she came at the beginning of the film. Is she fleeing from some sort of destiny too horrible to think, a monster, a black glove killer, or a supernatural evil? No, run away from a bunch of bullies. For the 40 minutes that follow, various characters walk around in school in the dark holding candlesticks and look upset or upset, which does not speak much about themselves, maybe because big movies are made about it, but if you go There are characters walking on corridors and stairs, you better be Alain Resnais or better know how to set up a staircase in shiny red eggs and purses like Maria Bava. We know that the killer is walking around the edge of the school, but his body is sad and scarce and in the absence of the visceral horrors that are expected in the giall, we do not get the feeling of evil mysteries / inexpressible secrets that are bending behind the façade of order and piety and correctness that is the kind of film that La Residencia He wants to be, but he does not know how to do it. We know that something is off, because the girls are reported missing, but we have never received an ominous mysterious atmosphere saying: "Something is seriously freaking in here, man." When Serrador tries to comment on sexual repression against female students, he does so with quick hysterics and detailed eye shots and split lips while loud "shocking" music is heard in the background. Here you can not find any beauty and longing of the PIKNIK at the end of the day. It's all a little clumsy and without aim, no real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people have been portrayed as suspects, but there are not many reasons to worry about the identity of the killer who remains unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first killing, a picture of a target that hits a knife above the painful victim's surface like a lullaby in the background, but the rest is too irrelevant to my taste. I have to say that Serrador did much better with killing children and paranoia du soleil WHO CAN KILL THE CHILD?
