Virtually the only other actor who is less likely to play Evelyn Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to turn to a relatively effective portrait (and as a filmmaker, he was unlikely to be fired or said Early life of a motorcycle was described in The film opens with a rather stupid projection with Hamilton in his white skin, fitted with stars, spreading the world to Kniewel as saying, "Do not worry, this film is about my youth, but I'll be back in a famous costume to k "Hamilton is preparing for a big jump, but still licking wounds from the previous one, because a lonely wife, Lion, bows and mocks him. He recalls a variety of vignettes from his childhood and delinquent teenage years, as well as in the early days as a stuntman and blooming celebrity This flip-flop approach is quite sharp and sometimes unconnected, but it prevents the movie from staying on one of its cheap sets for too long or from tracing with pretty sneaky characters. Hamilton, the most often kind and unruly man, works very well with the little details of the behavior and behavior of the subject, including his walking. His hair is a shade of brighter and longer and he is working hard to give the right reversal in his speech. (Even a smaller gift to Knieval's numerous injuries by appearing in a small towel while his shoulders are covered with "scars" of numerous accidents.) Facialli, he does not look like a real cyclist, but he suggests it in his physical ability. . Lyon is great in playing a young girl she loves, and then with a worldly woman, even though her voice of 3 packs daily threatens to leave at any moment. She and Hamilton go into simple chemistry, which has a long way to set up a movie. Other nice supporting turns give Freed as his exhausted doctor, Cameron as an early influence, and Tailor as a fairy tale that bites the fleas. The film was shot at a low budget, but the story is pretty low anyway, so it does not hit too bad. Manufacturers wisely used the real Butte, Montana locations to give the film a real ambience of a small city. Several Hamilton madnesses are fun, although the character is definitely rude and unscrupulous towards someone else's property! Some of the true Knieval's perfected and failed stuntmen are involved in some blurry recordings, one of which has a stunning "spray" in which a man is rocked and crackling around like a dummy doll. Hamilton's then-wife (Stevart) appears briefly as a nurse.
