Maybe in this movie you do not actually see a woman in love, but you will surely hear women talking about love, and men talk about love, and women talk about men, and men talk about women, and men talk about men, and everyone is talking about death, talk and conversation, until you yourself want to scream and do something that does not require an interview at all, such as painting the bedroom or watering the plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where the rule of psycho-foolishness rules and where no one can deal with productive lives, because everyone is too busy talking about how their lives are unproductive. Spending time with characters from the novel D.H. Lavrence is as if you are locked in a closet with a group of your most sincere acquaintances to escape if you meet them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I desperately wanted to strangle every single character in it, but since I could not, I was hoping that at least one would suffocate. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not dying, and I will not spoil it by telling you who, in case you really care about this story or any of these people. In order for director Ken Russell to get the job, he makes this recorded version fun because it is possible to make this essentially incalculable novel. He casts a large portion of the psychological mumbo jumbo that Lawrence worshiped, and instead focuses on all the naughty parts, so we get many histrionic kisses in the beds and fields, two naked men wrestling with fire, and one shameful scene with Alan Bates (yes, again naked) again wander around in the meadow leading love with the bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won the Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, more dominant than two sisters in the focus of the story, and she certainly tries to do something with this material; everyone deserves the Oscars just because he had to submit Russell's decision to give her a scene where she must dance wildly in front of a herd of mysterious bovine look. Oliver Reed has one expression, an intense shine. The whole thing is overly written and over-focused, and it's in delirium. Indeed, this adds to the "Mommie Dearest" as the perhaps the hottest hysterical film I've ever seen. Grade: D
