"Prom Night" is the title remake of "Slasher" in 1980, featuring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in the city of Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snov) will soon go to a prom night and leave the party after she has undergone extreme traumatic events in the past few years. She and her friends arrive at a dinner party, held in a large hotel, and try to enjoy what should be the most fun night in their lives. Few who knows, Donna's past man, who has persecuted her for years, is also on a prom night ... and is ready to kill anyone on the road in search of her. I am the fan of the original "Prom Night", so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I must admit that I was pretty disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst accident that a horror movie could have, which is predictability. There are no surprises here and I felt that I saw everything in this film dozens of times, often better. What does this mean for the audience? So far. Unless, of course, you've never seen horror movies, or are part of an audience that was pre-teen, but most of the audience will most likely be able to hit almost everything that will happen. The action is simple, but the whole script is empty of any surprise, twist, atmosphere or anything, and it really, really hurts the movie because it never gives the audience anything they can sink. It all seemed very gentle. Many people complain that this is a PG-13 movie, and I understand what they are saying, but I do not think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimum of up. Take, for example, Carpenter's "Halloween Night" - little or nothing on violence on the screen, but still an extremely terrifying and effective movie. You do not have to worry about making the movie scary, but even if "Prom Night" was unscrupulously violent (which is not, it's very pitiful), it would still add some to the movie because there is not much to start with the script. The tension and uncertainty here are at best mild, and most of the film I spent predicting the outcome of the situation and was accurate about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well written enough for the audience to connect them, and their visits to numbers are routine and indifferent. I point out a few things that I liked about this movie, because it was not completely useless - cinema was really good, and everything was very well recorded and pretty modern. Among the "jumps" (which in most cases were very predictable) there were a few who were a bit smart. The film sets are also fine and the hotel is a neat place to shop, however predictably. As far as acting, it is at best central. Brittany Snov plays decent, but the rest of the actors do not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays a villain and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not so impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from a typical 'masked stalker' type of killer that we see a lot. As for the end, for the last fifteen minutes of the film I was bored to the end and it was very anti-climatic. Overall, "Prom Night" was disappointing. Everything was very numerous, routine and predictable, which was a bit disturbing given that this could potentially be a decent slasher movie. There were a few nice moments, but the film lacked any uncertainty or atmosphere, and had little development plans, nor convincing characters. I would advise experienced horror fans to save their money and wait until they appear on the video, or instead rent an original, because there are no surprises here. Some may find some fun in it, but it was too predictable for my tastes. I was expecting better, and I left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
