I almost made a fool of myself when I wanted to start this review by saying, "This film reminded me of BILLI ELLIOT," but then I looked at the script writer Lee Hall just to find out that he was the one who wrote BILLI ELLIOT so that г. Hall that makes a fool of myself not me <br /> Is I a little cruel towards him? No, because Lee has something that most other British screenwriters do not have - He has feet on the door, he has previously written a successful British film that won awards and earned money at the box office and what's next? He gives the audience more of the same Jimmy Spud lives on some kitchen sink property. He is bullying him at school and nobody likes him. The only thing that moves him is to have a tendency to be a ballet dancer. No, in fact, he has no aspiration to be an angel, but taking into account his household, he can be a baler. He has a father who thinks ballet dancers are a bunch of puffs while his grandfather says ballet dancers are tough as any other man. I remember seeing Bolshoi ballet ... "Iup Ballet is the main point of conversation on the British conventional estate of these days - NO. Come to think of it, nor is the leftist policy that looks like the only middle-class reserve volunteers living in beautiful big houses , so that immediately everything about this setting feels irrelevantly wrong.The second big criticism is that this is a movie that has no idea who it is trying to appeal. It criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting films in totally inappropriate times (COUNTRY THAT TAKE AWAY at 6 AM , for example), or with showed it at 2:00 in the morning and once found him on the site. I hate him) lung cancer and poverty has no way of being considered suitable for a family audience, but since the protagonist is an 11-year-old child and has angels and ballet dancers It does not blame me if I look obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them) there is not much for an intelligent adult audience. Of course, if Lee Hall was told on a development scenario by producers to write a story with a schoolboy and an angel and he refused to say he wanted to write about the other Emami and stories then I apologize, but the film you get the feeling that, after the film is completed, be placed on the same audience who enjoyed Bill ELLIOT-in.
