For years after the fall of the latter of large corporations, the world has fallen into a new dark age where cyborgs read for their parts. Chesh, a female cyborg, travels to the doctor with a disaster to receive the news that she is pregnant. On the run from the Recyclers (fighter hunters who love cockroaches), Cash is trying to find a way to Citovn, a mythical refuge for the cyborgs. "Ciborg 3: Recicler" is the third (and last time) far) entry into the trilogy of CIBORG. The first film was originally planned as a sequel to the MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE, but was quickly copied into a standard post-apocalyptic martial arts fest which became a kind of cult classic for its stupid action scenes. CIBORG 2: THE SENKA GLASS was a continuation that actually improved in relation to its predecessor, but was not widely seen (and discarded by some who saw it as cheap food). This film, on the one hand, is trying to be a mixture of the first two films (the first was a stupid action movie, while the other was a smart Ciberpunk story), but unfortunately it does not fulfill both points. The budget was clearly lower than CIBORG 2, and the film was set up in desert deserts (like many post-apocalyptic action films of the 90's) filmed around old industrial buildings in order to save costs. The film story is based on a device for action, on cyborg pregnancy, which is interesting because it is absurd (this film is not the first to try this idea; anime OVA series ARMITAGE III uses it to a greater extent ). However, the film falls into the same trap in which many low-budget sci-fi action films come to the victims, in the fact that bundles (synthetic organisms) are presented only as androids. Visual effects are nothing more than prosthetic hands and make-up effects. The acting is pretty standard for this type of film, and the main actress (Khristine Haje) is the worst performer on the show. Instead of looking forward to the news that she is pregnant, she behaves silently and sulky. Her co-stars are much better, Malcolm McDovell is the usual type of gangster that revives the scene she appears, and Richard Linch plays as a major bad guy. Special mention is made of Andrew Biniarski, who plays Linch's right-hand man, who will later appear in the remake of The Tekas CHAINSAV MASSACRE &
