Can you tell Lev Grade production miles away? distinctly British style; epic conception; settled by international actors with stars; usually set in exotic climates. It is a formula that the class and ITC company recruited during the 1970s in the early 1980s, resulting in titles such as The Eagle Landed, Firepover and Raise The Titanic! In March 1977, March Or Die was produced, an extremely old-fashioned Adventure Foreign Legion that modeled all of the above characteristics. Directed by Dick Richards? who led the praised Farewell We Lovely a few years earlier - March or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. After the First World War. Their mission is to protect the archaeological site led by consecrated Francois Marneau (Mak Von Sidov). Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but are afraid of attacks by Arab tribes after the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the task? does not consider that historical artifacts are worthy of his people to risk their lives. This creates a constant tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionaries should sacrifice their lives to enable digging. The problems get worse when a beautiful woman calls Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) along with legionnaires. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian who was abducted by the Arabs when they wiped out the first archaeological team. Her presence provokes desires among legionaries, nothing more than a gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and brave thief who initially shows indifference to his fellow legionnaires but gradually grows. Things experience the climax of a huge battle on Erfoud, with the origins of a united Arab tribe fighting against the legionary legion while desperately trying to defend their lives. a mismatch ?? Hackman is in the role of a heavy Oscar-winning actor, Hil, a handsome, but limited, Italian heart from a number of low-budget spaghetti westerns. Hackman is expected to launch his counter on the screen. Still, bizarrely, Hackman is the one that gives a weak and non-inclusive performance, while Hill raises its game to surprisingly high levels. The film is captured in desert locations, but pacing is terribly slow and there are few characters who are worried about worrying. The music of Maurice Jarre is unusually straightforward? very disappointing to the guy who gave us the rating of Lavrence Of Arabia. It is interesting that everyone had the courage to try out the old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 1970s (it was a genre that reached its peak in the 1930s and was almost forgotten during all these decades). Unfortunately, the gambling is not worth it? this giving honor to old legionaries becomes more than fruits than march.
