Interestingly, the two stars of the Meet the People were a couple of movie stars who entered the new media television and became even more successful and who entered the production end of things and enjoyed the status of tycoons on the small screen. However, Lucille Ball was not the main star to come with television. As for Dick Paul, he desperately wanted to get out of films like Meet the People and his salvation in his career would come in his next film. a young player from MGM was thrown in a special number and saw at that time. His private time with June Allison was far better than what we see on the screen. Pauel looks dizzy bored and can not cause any emotions at all. He was probably tired of these musicals with silly complications, such as those of Varner Brothers. The original performance of Meet the People was not a show about the book, it was a magazine and lasted in the 1940-41 season at Broadway for 160 performances. When MGM bought him, they wrote off all but the title and title track. The rest of the score is hooked by various and varied songwriters, none of the songs is unforgettable. Strange when considering some of the original material is from Burton Lane, E.I. Harburg, Harold Arlen and Rodgers & Hart. These guys simply empty the load compartment. The plot is more dubious than most music propaganda pieces of that time. Povell is a writer of Meet the People magazine and a shipbuilder who wins the date of the lottery with the movie star Lucille Ball. She is interested, interested, they are both interested in the show, but the creative differences keep them separate, of course, until the final. It's a movie short. MGM has given Povell and Ball some good musical actions which are the main reason for watching Meet the People. The great bands of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here and the highlight of the film for me is Bert Lahr dressed in a commodore suit as Lou Costello had in dreams in the In The Navi series. The song of Heave Ho was written by Arlen and Harburg who wrote for Lahra, the number of Courage from the Wizard of Oz. And as almost everyone in the world has seen this movie, you have an idea of ​​how Heave Ho is. The next film, Dick Povella, was Murder We Sveet, in which he finally filed a request for not very fond of musicals. And the lights will have to wait for the TV before the world sees what it really could do.
