Note: I could not make myself write a constructive review of Prom Night. It just can not be done. Instead, I went through what I was thinking about while I was watching a movie. Things I was thinking about while I watched Prom Night: - So I'm tired of these dreams of this complex death will happen only if the main character wakes up before which bites him. Of course, when I say "elaborated death", I mean cutting the throats or stab in the stomach. Did Dallas not destroy the whole thing "it's just a dream"? Speaking of it, I wonder if a couple of stings in the stomach will cause immediate death. - The film is in only ten minutes and I can already count horor clichés on two hands. It's not a good sign. - Even after I met the main hero's boyfriend, I'm sure he will die. Does anyone want to bet? - The killer in this film is a teacher who is obsessed with the main character, Donny. (Otherwise, does anyone think that "Donna" is a terrible name for the protagonist of a horror movie?) He spent three years in prison for maximum security before breaking through and finding Donna celebrate her graduation program. Although there is no accounting for taste, I'm seriously wondering who will take someone so boring as Donna all the time. - High schools allow graduate dinner in hotels and do not follow students. It is obvious that students are perfectly able to buy a hotel room and go in and out as they like. I guess if this plot was not in place, the movie would be 90 minutes to bore people and randomly bite dust whenever they go to the bathroom. I suppose the compromise for their excitement is my extreme boredom with everything. I've already played "count chewing gum chewing under the seat" and "guess how much money I have in my wallet," and I'm only for 20 minutes. How will I have some fun? - Note for yourself: Do not forget milk and bread on the way home. -Good scriptwriter: You have used enough fake fears to go through this movie and every other horror horror this year. - The 1980 version for this movie was not so good, but compared to this remake it was like Citizen Kane, or The Godfather bar. He had Jamie Lee Curtis in one of his many post-haunted horror movements and he had a little "twisted" at the end. I miss Jamie Lee. I'd love to be acting more. - There is not much dance in the dance. Instead, girls engage in fighting with their boys where they plan to attend college. I heard that all of these colleges were raised by their name, and I can not help but wonder if these girls have to cheat on the entrance exam to get in. - The killer must carry the bag. really efficient cleaners and clears his mess between the scenes. This is the only logical explanation why he could kill someone to death on a carpet or in a bathroom, and when someone goes to a hotel room, there is no sign of a fight. (On the other side of the note: This is a very lazy killer, Michael Mayers went hunting for his victims. He just said.) - It's official: the whole audience in the theater was cheering for the killer. What triggered it? Was it whenever Donna came to her hotel room while sirens were ordering everyone to leave the building? Were this her constant dreams, and how, even after she had gone through something dramatically in that dream, she insisted on restarting her steps? Or was it an incredible performance by Brittany Snov? I must say that it was all worse. - Ok, who "died on the screen in the third act"? You got a way. Finally, the movie is over. My friend turned to me and said: "Donna was not too smart." It's a understatement of the week. As if he says that the tornado is a small breeze of the wind, or that the disappearance of the current is a long week, this is a minor inconvenience. Move over an overview. -I can not recommend this. I refuse to recommend this. This is a lazy horror movie like any other, and the only way to enjoy its fragrant parade is if you are under the influence of at least ten beers. Unfortunately for theater patrons, alcohol is not used. Ratings: * from ****
