"The new best friend" is another entry into the sub-genre "to steal another woman's life"; of which the best "Single Vhite Female" and "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle"; The worst you can catch is almost every afternoon on the Lifetime channel. For some reason this type of identity theft occurs exclusively to women. There are only two basic ways to play this kind of story. You can make a woman at ease in the beginning and let the audience look consciously as she exits and implements her evil scheme. Or use the wrong routing to make it a good person, as a seemingly unplanned event series breaks its favors until it's discovered that it's evil on the climatic scene. Unfortunately, the creators of the "new best friend" could not decide how they wanted to play it, and things broke down and fell earlier. First we met with Alia (Mia Kirshner), who cheated the college's financial aid office for scholarship money. Now we know that she is a bad person and will be suspicious of all her later activity. But the director and editor have obviously forgotten that this discovery was made and that they would spend the next 50 minutes in order to make a wrong routing to think that Alicia was a good person. This is the only element of uncertainty, and not whether it is evil, but about when the director and editor will survive and stop wasting our time with transparent misleading. The "new best friend" suffers more than most of the teenage movie curse of an actress who is too old to show students of undergraduate studies. There really are only two great works, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26 at the time of production. Almost working for 26-year-old Kirshner when playing the mouse version of Alice, but becomes apparent when he turns into a glamorous version of Alice. Monroe casting is simply a joke, as if Nicholette Sheridan tried to pass as a classmate in the class "Lizzie McGwire". It looks much closer to the middle-aged crisis than the workbook. Manufacturers have certainly owed a lot of services because this issue has expanded to most auxiliary characters. Taie Diggs, who plays the city sheriff, is younger than most students. The basic setting is that Hadlei and two other rich parties (played by Dominkue Svain-age 21 and Rachel True-age 35). are students at college. They share (as their student residence) a villa that is prettier and better equipped than a villa in the real world - Nev Orleans (a premise that is more convincing than football mom playing the students). Alicia moves to the villa and begins to take over Hadley's life. In this way Svain finally gets a roommate from his generation so that the two of them can have a lesbian scene. Sven's accompanying performance is the only good thing about "Nev Best Friend" and her love affair with Kirshner is fantastic, so cool and artistic that she does not fit in any of the other segments, maybe she is subordinated to the good director and filmmaker. Unintentional hilarious story is featured in a series of gloomy memories of unrestrained sexual and uninterrupted parties, each of which was created by the comedian Alicia in a hospital bed. Approximately half the time Kirshner's screen was carried smoothly by lying on the tube in the mouth. Not a very good move in Mia's career. <br /> <strong> Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
