PROMO NIGHT (2008) Directed by: Nelson McCormick starring: Brittany Snitch, Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup and Dana Davis Trojan: Three years ago, Donna (Brittany Substance) she testified to the death of her entire family in the hands of her teacher (Jonathan Schaech), who is a little in love with her. Now she's preparing for a graduation with her stupid friends. They started dying there one by one, because the killer escaped from prison and nobody tried to warn Donna, because it is obvious that her prom night is too important to interrupt her. Professionals: I got a couple of good laughs from the film because of the terrible dialogue and dumblings. Example: Everyone decides not to say Donny that a man who is unusually obsessed with her (she does not seem so big) escaped from jail. Their reason: They do not want to embarrass her before all her friends. LOL Cons: Allow me to go and say that I am a great worshiper of the Slavs. Usually they can have fun even with bad ones. I even love some PG-13 horror movies. TOURIST TRAP (1979), one of my favorites, was originally rated PG. I also enjoy POLTERGEIST (1982) and THE GRUDGE (2004). So, the fact that this stupid film is rated PG-13 has nothing to do with not enjoying the film. First of all, I had a big problem with the story. I love slasher movies that do not even have stories. At least they can be fun. It's about a teacher who falls in love with his student so he kills his entire family. A few years later, she tries to recover from her by ruining her graduation and killing all her friends ...? Then there were subgroups that I suspect were worrying. Claire (Jessica Stroup) struggles with her boyfriend, has cramps and I do not care. This should have been a Lifetime function, not a PROM NIGHT remake. And then ... this is a slasher movie with terrible death scenes. I do not care that it's not that bloody, some of my favorite slashers (HALLOVEEN, CURTAINS, original PROM NIGHT) were not so bloody, but they still had effective killings. Here we have half the characters dying in the same hotel room outside the screen, a woman who was stabbed several times without stinging wounds and a close-up plan on the face of a bad actor while screaming in agony. I'm sure nine-year-old girls were scared, but not me. I also hated the characters. It was Donnie's unrealistic boy Bobbi (Scott Porter) and I can almost guarantee that you will never meet a boy who is sensitive to your life, unless you're a gay man. Then we had Donna's unfriendly friends Claire (Stroup) and Lisa (Dana Davis), and the symbolic girl Chrissi (Brianne Davis). If you thought the characters in DEATH PROOF were boring, try to watch this movie. And do not hear me from Ronnie (Collins Pennie) and DJ (Jai Phillips) who gave me flashbacks in USER in SHE ALL THAT. soundtrack and a great lack of respect for the original material, and you have a lot of stinker.
