In the review of this film, I can only go through my experience as a weekend warrior who works in basic training in July, August and September 1971 in that garden on earth, Fort Polk, Louisiana. Take the elevation was nothing like I remember the basic training. But it must be remembered at that time that it was a post office in Korea that ended up with patches, but it was a conventional war as we knew them. It was not Vietnam, a guerrilla war in the jungle, where we kept the coves in an endless pit. The draft at that time was undesirable, but accepted as still necessary for the defense of the country. Richard Vidmark is a veteran from Korea who is now assigned to the state side to train troops to go abroad. The film talks about one of his training cycles and people from the waters he has to train. They are the usual species that you will find in any war movie of the previous decade. One thing to boast of is that MGM recognized our army that is now integrated with the presence of Villiay Hazard as a black recruits in the water. That was in keeping with the spirit of the times they were changing. But I will say that a recruit like Russ Tamblin would cure his smart mouth from the first day. Richard Vidmark would not risk death or become a eunuch in order to give Jerome Courtland trust in the weapon. And in any case, he would not care so much about Robert Arthur's desertion. He just let the messengers agree with him. Of course, they were shot in and around Fort Bliss and El Paso, Texas. But look at it as a military recruitment film and you can safely understand why the government so eagerly cooperated in the day. I recall that the sergeants who led their small conflicts that you could pick up when you were not worried because they got your case for something that was 95% of the time. But there is no way Karl Malden would put Vidmar in the open during training before several witnesses among recruits. Both would realize that this would undermine authority, something that the military simply does not allow. I wish I could say something better about Take the High Ground because I definitely love his talented actor, talented director Richard Brooks, even the stupid theme of Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Vasington, fresh from his Oscars a year earlier , for noon. The film won a Oscar nomination for best screenplay and story by Milard Kaufman. It must have been because of Kaufman's vivid imagination.
