We see the body of a dead girl in a morgue with a coroner trying to close the eyes of a girlfriend, but what she tries will not remain open. After that, we move into the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they begin to pick up one by one in a lot of terrible ways. Through flashbacks we learn about this terrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be one of the groups, but they excluded them because they dug her past and discovered some strange phenomena. So, did she come back from her grave seeking revenge? Oh, what a great and always spooky story! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And 'hope' was as good as she got. This is a forgotten, supernatural horror that I actually watched earlier, but I thought it was my first look. So I was surprised when I began to deal with certain things, but as if I said it was an unforgettable mix that again looked like the first look. The "Nightmare" is just another type of her field that adds "several" changes to the pulp. Oh, please give me something fresh. It does not have to be completely original, but this is one of the formulaic and times-tired J-horror mirroring. Even though it's a series of common stories about the ghosts in which you have guessed the right, evil eye, the vindictive chicken spirit. But despite my negativity to be the same old, the same old story and bumps. This species entertains when it's terrible and popping up in some nasty visions. Deaths are vividly shown with bite and some originality, while the dark atmosphere removes the audience with its murky lighting. A scene that includes a spirit that terrorizes one of the girls is an experience that devours blood, but really when it does not try to shock you. I found out that it was an exaggeration in a coma and that I was thinking about getting a little eye. There was no interest in these shock moments. It could be said that because the alleged mystery is not one of them, the uncertain story is simply straightforward, and the characters are a lonely crowd that you do not really care about what's happening to them. A fragmented story should have been more focused on spirit than those mild characters who have an unbelievable group connection. He simply overcame his cards by becoming too confused and too long to make it happen when it peaks up, it's simply meaningless. However, the film that ends in the movie is the highlight. The film looks good, although it could have been done without a strong, fast mounting of fire, and the music was a bit sharper in moodplay. The performances go through a fine line, but Giu-ri Kim is strong in the lead. It is nothing new and shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can look at the past, it brings some unpleasant excitement. Although I realized that handling it is quite lethargic, despite strange effective winters. I guess it's a standard effort, but it's just as impossible.
