It's the sound of Stan and Ollie, who roam in their graves. I will not be bothered by citing the basic shortcomings of this film because they are so obvious they go without excuses. Small things, like this "All New Adventures of Laurel and Hardy", despite the fact that stars are dead more than thirty years old when it's made. Small things like that. It would be a bad idea for the actors to play bumboros, which are simply called Lorel and Hardy. However bad it may have been. For a really bad idea, try to place two actors playing a duo. Okay, they can claim they are nephews, but the end result is the same. Bronson Pinchot can be fun. Okay, forget his freaky stranger "cousin Larry" in Perfect Strangers, and look at him in True Romance. Still smells here. Probably not all his fault, and as a director and support - everyone who is better than the material - probably just desperately asked for money. There are those who claim that it is difficult for Americans to master an effective English accent. Pinchot does not help this cause. What is Stan? Welsh? Iranian? Pakistani? Only in Stan's trademark ielp, he is approaching, although the rattling is excessive to the extent that it is boring, which can not be written about. Gailard Sartain is somewhat better than Ollie, although it's like saying what's worse - entering a dog's dirt or kicking? Remember the originals with a timing of two seconds, intuitive teamwork and innate love? Well, it's completely absent, replaced by two stupid old men and jokes so wrong that you can park the bus through the gaps. While the originals had plots that could be summarized in several panels, this one has a long mummy hockey (and what a bad title!) Which is mixed with a boyhood brotherhood script. I can not claim that I have seen one of Laurel and Hardy's 108 films, but I think it's a sure bet that even their races were leagues ahead of this. Perhaps the main problem is that the originals themselves played, or at least use their own accents. At least he felt natural and unsettled, as opposed to fictional caricatures Pinchot and Sartain. And since Stan had been malapropism, and there were so many of them? "I wanted to cremate you"; "I'd like to marry my friend." Stop it! The only significant moment is the reference to Bozo Clown, a character from a cartoon that was shared by Larry Harmon's L & H comic strip. Harmon, of course, bought the copyright name (how worrying he was to see ® after Laurel and Hardy) and was the co-director and producer of this travesty. There are many questions. Would Stan and Ollie make farts if they are alive today? Would glass mumms with broken bottles? Did Stan hit a spit in the genitals and finished at the big CGI-finals? Let's hope it is not. Once I laughed, but I think it was just in disbelief as to how horribly it all is. Why is this film made? For whom did the creators think they would love to? Probably the worst movie I've ever seen, the absolutely disgusting I've seen from watching after only five minutes. Fun as if your head is trapped in a wedding, while red-hot poker and bugs are forcibly inserted into your passage.
