Who was George C. Scott? George C. Scott was a famous actor. Practically any movie he was in was better for him. Now George had absolutely nothing to do with this movie ... but once he said something that describes a movie for T. I do not recall his exact words, but he basically said that a lot of writing can save a bad deal, but great performance can not save bad writing. This little observation has never been more true than in "All New Adventures Laurel & Hardy: For Love or Mummy". The casting of the two tracks was absolutely perfect. Bronson Pinchot (Laurel) and Gailard Sartain (Hardy) not only look at parts, they do a very good job in imitating the right job (manirism and everything else). This film should be a permanent proof of their talents. However, this film falls on your face when it comes to guessing writing. Apart from the introductory dialogue between Pinchot and Sartain (which was very "character") and a short Gag that includes cabs, this movie is an absolute task to pass. PROBLEM # 1: Too much time and effort is invested in the plot. I do not want to know why the mummy wants to kidnap the beautiful Britannia. What I want is to see Stan and Ollie (or at least their stand-ins). Too much time on the screen was dedicated to explaining complications or not very funny secondary characters around which the shop was turning. However, even if this film was a joke, it would still remain us with ... <br /> <br /> ... PROBLEM # 2: Most of the joke is what I would I called it "diluted" slapstick. What do I mean under "diluted"? In slapstick, the character is hurt in an exaggerated way for a comic effect (ala Loonei Tunes, 3 Stooges ..., or how about Laurel & Hardy?). In the "diluted" slapstick (as I define it), the character gets mildly injured or uncomfortable, and the filmmakers play it for a comic effect. Perhaps the illustration would help: In Loonei Tunes, Daffy Duck was shot by Elmer Fudd. His account falls and he puts it back. It's a classic blow. In this "gem", Ollie accidentally encounters some people. They turn around, they tell him to be careful and continue his happy journey. It's not a slapstick. It's not even funny. It's just ... boring ... and this movie is full of such jokes. It's like they're the bread and butter of this movie. Writers and directors only take these boring moments and act as if they should be ridiculous. Of course, the example I gave is the most extreme case, but I can only cut it off. Short story: The movie simply does not work because the script fails to use Pinchot and Sartain's ability to starter Stan and Ollie. Instead, the script capitalizes the exposure of the action and joke joke. Watching this movie is essentially looking at two great imitators who did not get the right material to work. It's not a good movie, it's incredible sleeping aid. I say this one omission and keep up the real work (only while you are away from "Atoll K" and "Be Big").
