In the Sholaia variant, Ram Gopal Verma embarks on what can be called an unknown territory, where the blockbuster takes on a new form. Thakur goes south. Mohanlal as Narsimha police inspector whose family killed calls for vengeance on the Madrasi style. The accent is entirely South Indian, unlike Thakur from the north. The crossing of Thakura's hand by Gabbar is also cut to the fingers of Aag. So the cost is reduced, because there is no effort to hide hands, but only long Kurt covers his fingers. Moreso at the peak where Thakur uses his legs and says: "Tere Liie to just paer hi kaafi hai," here Narsimha uses his fingers to open the pistol and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar gabbara is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He's Bambai. Gabbar's notorious laughter is also in two installments this time and is more subordinate. Babban asks for Divali instead of Holly and romance Urmila to replace Helen in Mehboob. also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Aghu at Mehbooba. This time is more intelligent. He throws an apple and raises the question that led Isaac Nevton to discover the laws of gravity. Basanti is much more verbose than the Ghungroo Auto driver. Nisha Kothari can not play auto drivers and looks too artificial using words like "have fun" and "too much" with gai abandonment. Viru was fun while Ajai Devgun was unsuited for the role. God talks about Basanti incident and Koi Hassien's shooting and song lessons and the water reservoir sequences are painful. The water tank turns into a well, and the drunken Devgun is so bad in order that the audience would want to commit suicide. Jai was complicated and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also deals with Mausi's order. He is not as romantic as Jai with organs. The role of Sushmit's career is changing. A pure housewife this time turns into a doctor who is introduced into a full social service after her husband is killed. And she misses the pain Jaia showed. Her flirts with Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time than Tamba. He does not have to point the pistols at this time and answer Gabbar's questions. He follows Babban wherever he goes and the bodyguard with greater visibility outside the lair. Horses give way to jeeps and cars. The shelter Gabbar is constantly changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more annoying than anything else. RGV comes with its interpretation of classics. But we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. That's why we call it a hoax. Thus, g. RGV (Sholai) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stopped making remixes and began to make their originals.
