Sholai: It is considered one of the biggest films. I was always wondering if he would ever process the classics. That was the time when RGV released this film and I was a bit excited to see it. I always thought this would be a good movie, but every week I would change something here RGV. And the movie is a B-Grade movie, something I did not hope for. I really tried to look for positive results, but I promised that Sholai would remain mindless. Cinema is great. The film is trying to be its own. But that's the upper side. Action sequences are weak. The scenario had the potential. The biggest drawback is editing. No scene excites you. For example, the comedy was very rude and compulsive. Ironically, because the comedy was just as funny in the original. And none of the characters has been developed. And none of the scenes will be kept up to the end. And the end was very disappointing. The biggest question is the action. Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Gabbar Singh, nothing big. It seemed as if they were too focused on his eyes, that the figure seemed just threatening, but you did not get sick. Mohanlal is barely in the film, but impresses in several of his scenes. Ajai Devgan was decent. It was not that much performance, he gave it all, it was a bad scenario. Prashant Raj is very confident, and has the potential to come up with better movies. I had the highest expectations of Sushmite Sen, which is probably the best of all. It was expressive, but it was still not enough. Nis Kothari surprised me. She seemed uninterested in much, but her emotional scene after the death of her friend was pretty good. It looks like she needs to find a director who will help her in the talent, not in her sweet looks. But what disappointed me most was chemistry. Ajai Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajai-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmit and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the horrible hatred they needed. What the song is about, they are pretty shitty. Urmilin Mehbooba was too exaggerated and I mostly slept. Still, he danced nicely. The Holi number was pleasant, but not unforgettable. It's the same for other songs. For someone who was fond of this movie, I was very disappointed. I had great hopes for RGV for his jungle, but it looks like he lost talent while filming this movie. But I hope he regained his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this film is best forgotten. All positive things still do not compensate for the boring film.
