GENERAL PERFORMANCE: - Finally, AAG's long wait has hit the screens. Unfortunately, she could not set up a progressive fire in the audience. The first best thing to talk about is the idea of ​​transforming a powerful SHOLAI. Varma made a good choice to change the overall background of the movie. If he repeats the same Ramgad background, people will say again that there is nothing new in it. A different background is grateful, but the way it is presented is not worth it. From the very beginning of his career in the SIVI in Telugu, he used the same lighting and background. I seriously do not know that this Varma is thinking about lighting or not, or there may be no other lighting technique other than Gordon villa GODFATHER. It's all DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH. Why would a body use so many Dutch angles and extreme shots of a big plan !!!!!!! Shot for shot is poor. The characters can not carry emotions, performances are not in their tracks, narration is worse, the background is really terrible. VARMA has produced big criminals such as Bikumatre, Bhavtakur Das, Mallik Bhai, but this time failed to capture the best characters in the Hindi movie. There is no comparison between Gabbar and Babban. Babban is more psychopath than a criminal, but he still has a soft corner for his brother (This is a gift in this movie). Amitabhz's performance is not on his track. Its very appearance is pathetic. The scar on the nose symbolizes the forgotten criminals of black and white film. What ever worked on Babban was not successful. Babban can not be compared to Gabbar. Narsimha: - The first best thing about this character is not to put the audience in uncertainty around their hands. If it did, this would be like giving ABCD to the holder of the diploma. It is good that he opened the secret early. But flashback is pathetic. Varma could not exploit a great actor like mohanlal. Durga: - The only character with the improvement. This figure has been improved by satisfactory changes and is used according to the story. Heroo, Raj, Ghunguroo: - No body bothered or at least not considered this character. The complete failure of the film begins when the director can not work on a close friendship between our heroes. These characters do not carry anything with this movie. RAMGOPALVARMA: - Its quality is degrading, it is getting smaller. AAG can be completely treated as a C-Class film. Sholai is a fire of revenge, a city problem, which means for true friendship and highly regarded displeasure and fun of Dharmendra. AAG never carried emotions with his characters. The storytelling is too weak that it can not get the audience to feel sympathy for the characters. Do not compare AAG with sholai, but you will not like it. If you dare to watch this movie. You will live in RAMGOPAL VARMA KI AAG
