Okay. I just got back. Before I start reviewing, let me tell you one thing: I wanted to love this movie. I know that I was negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and actually I would like the movie. I'm not. It's not just about every horror cliché that you can imagine in it. It's not just about the fact that every little thing is turning into a jump (falling into a baseball bat left on the floor? Are you kidding me?). It was not terrible. One thing I was surprised: there was more blood than I thought it would be ... which does not say much. The film starts with Donna left by Lisa's mother. House. She's coming ... she's going upstairs. The camera is separated from her dead father on the couch. Spooky. It goes up, where the aforementioned scene of the baseball is happening. He finds his brother on his bed, apparently dead (how could she say? He did not have bloody stains). The killer is coming, Donna is hiding under the bed, her mother dies. She runs out screaming for help. The killer behind her: "I did it for us." Stop the therapy. It confused many people - everyone asked if her family actually died or imagined it - and she mentioned that nightmares began to return. There was a filling in of the dialogue. They quickly moved on the search. Several scenes in the salon go to the hotel. Of course, the killer is already there (for some reason, he escaped 3 days ago, but the police / family were not notified until he is already there). More filling occurs. I will not go on with what's happening in the movie, because I do not want to ruin it too much. If you want to know who dies, Horror_Fan has already posted a post about it. But the topics of death: they were not so exciting. People in the theater laughed out loud (an experience I did not have in the horror film so far, not even in the Wen A Stranger Calls) during several of them. One particular: a bus guy who gives the funniest 'frightened' face I've ever seen. The only death that included any blood was Lisina, and that was pretty scarce. Her throat is cut, her blood (if you even call her - she was practically black) splattered on the curtain. The only other blood was on Claire when we saw her body. Apparently, Fenton decided to stab him several times after he strangled her to death. Um, okay? The film was one of the nicest ones I've ever seen. Let's see it here .. obligatory close-mirror-curtain-BOOM! scene. Check it out. Twice, actually (you can say they fight). Compulsory support-killer. Check it out. There's a backup scene, but you've all seen it. Oh, you say you want to scare the birds that fly? Well, you got it! (Yes, they managed to include one of them here). And, of course, the scene that came out of security on all the exits, but it still escaped. To continue? I could. For anyone who says the characters are not stupid, are you kidding me? "Oh, although a massive alarm sounds, literally saying PLEASE GET TO BUY, and 3 of my friends are gone, I'm going upstairs to take my cover." These characters were some of the weakest and dumbest characters ever. The only nice character - Lisa - made one of the most stupid moves in the movie. "Oh, I just realized that the psycho-teacher is here! I have to leave my strong boyfriend to run away to warn him! Oh, shoot, the lift will slow down? I guess I'll go up the stairs and escape to the construction site!" Ugh. By the end of the film, everyone deserved to die. The only death anyone felt for any remorse was Donny's boyfriend (I can not even remember his name-is that bad?), And until then the audience was completely exhausted from this terrifying, cliché-shaped film. <There were some positive - the acting was mostly decent, and it was well recorded. But that's all. I would give her 1/5, and this is generous. Just for laughter (and believe me, the audience had a few), and Brittany Snov. Oh, and the reaction was bad. Very bad. People were buzzing after the film was over and the buzz was very negative afterwards. Expect bad feet for this.
