I can not come up with enough words to describe the horror that I felt sitting in that movie watching Ramgopal Warm Ki Aaga, the director in a half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to this classical Bollywood West, Sholai. The biggest problem with the Varmin remake is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. Obviously, in every single frame of this film, Varma's heart is simply not in it. What you see on the screen is a bad joke, at best, a trick by the filmmakers, and it hurts you to see a bit of what he really shows for a movie he claims to have been a fan of his life. I've seen a few bad films over the years, but I can not remember what was so hard to get through like this one. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the whole movie, because it tests your patience like before several movies. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is banal and empty and there is none of the spirit and energy of Sholaia. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually the mockery of this timeless gem, because it turned out that everything that the original movie was not - pre-over-the-top, too long-too-boring, and completely foolish. Many beloved moments from Sholaia have been parodied by Varma and you want to squeeze his neck for it. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholai in which Dharmendra as Veeru climbs along the water tank and threatens to jump to his death turns into this film with Ajay Devgan playing the Hero, dragging the gun on his head threatening to kill himself. How would you like to pull the trigger and spare us all agony. Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as a remake of Sholaia, it's a pretty bad effort even as a standalone movie. The backbone that damages the drum sounds more like someone sneaking into the kitchen in the kitchen, and the camera work is changing between the dramatic and the head. Partners in this terrible crime scene showing this funny movie on the movie are mostly dead actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi widow takes her role and film seriously, putting her lines in a break, staring into the camera for the effect, and generally performing like her life depends on it. Mohanlal, like Narsim, is struggling with his dialogue in Hindu and it seems unpleasant for him to deliver some of the dumbest lines in his famous career. The newcomer Prashant Raj plays the Jai-equivalent Ryan does not have an actor to talk about and can not fight with any intensity Amitabh Bachchan that led to work in the original movie. Like Hero, the new faith, Ajai Devgan is completely hopeless, in a desperate attempt to comedy. But the weakest link in the film, easily the most shocking decision is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters the shoes of Hema Malini as Basanti, a lovely plane from Sholaia. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, she is perhaps the worst actress in the whole world, she has given the word a boring new meaning, and she urges you every time she cuts her wrists on the screen. And then, there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma is the version of the most popular notorious villain of Hindi cinema Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble who recognizes the top tone of the film and, accordingly, plays together, Bachchan constructs a threatening character that is a treat for watching. He was supposed to be a scapegoat from comics that whistled, ridiculed, whistles, and sorghum, and it all works well. But because he is trapped in such a convicted company, his performance does not actually help to raise the film in any way. There is no surprise here, I'm going from zero to ten and two in the Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, that painful experience of watching movies that even the enemy would not bear. It's not like Varma had not done remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a clever, brave look at Kuma, and the shame he made this Sholai bart of such a popular classics. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision ever, it's also a dark spot on his biography that will be uncomfortable forever. I suppose this film will enter the history of the film as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
