The drama at its very core, "Anna," shows the true truth that all actors are old and sometimes pale. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home and that she can not do anything wrong? but she refuses to disdain to do a job she does not trust. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but she is not afraid to enter others, but leave them for a moment. . Anna flip-flops between the personality, making this film an ideal old star, but not with the audience's audience idea. "Anna" is praised for her star Salli Kirkland, and her ability to "grind" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" does not remain the main theme of film culture. Director Iurek Bogaievicz has a message hidden within the "Ana" about the untruths of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to allow them to outdo it. Bogaievicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to allow Kirkland to split, and he is not afraid to soothe surrounding characters, so when you get away from the movie, Kirkland recalls. If this is not obvious, this film did not fit well. From the opening of the first act and deep in the second, "Anna" felt like a production in high school. The characters did not exist, there was no enlightening story, and there was no definition of time or place. She was Salli Kirkland, stubbornly saying she was better than other actors who compete for the same lifestyle she wants. The accidental happiness of a friend, a young girl who also passed a long distance to come to America for the sake of glacier and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all the walls. It's emotionally boring and incredible. Again, on a random basis, we meet Ana's boyfriend Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? just to get more attention to Kirkland's Anne. In almost two hours, we are seeing that more random works are associated with unnamed characters interconnecting each other in order to create a story that is held together by free threads? and SALLI KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to continue to speak this, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic film if Bogaievicz presented the same time between Anne, Daniel and Kristina, but instead we are forced to play a one-sided game in which emotional scenes speak louder than Da Is this Charlize Theron finding inspiration for his role in "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Is Salli Kirkland one of the early actors discovering that Oscar, if she allows herself to follow the character, will shine in their direction? Through this film I was horrified by Kirkland's presentation of Anne, and Bogaievic's lack of excitement for anything else. Bogaievicz gives us Anne who does not work hard for her parts, does not care for others, but is generally witty? should we still feel compassion for her? Near the beginning of the film, it forces what it wants to do to others, and it is upset when it does not reach it. Surely, my older actresses have this attraction, but Kirkland creates a childish character instead of a mature person. There, "Ana" could be repaired. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it, but this tantalizing childish Ano could not be trusted. While my favorite scene was near the end where Ana is going to watch one of her older films (including absurd characters) and the movie burns, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Ana made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and building a dream, but when anyone else wants to enter that spotlight, she becomes jealous and bitter. It did not mean that I wanted to stand behind the Oscars. Together with the classic synthesizer of the background from the 80's, an unheard-of-toped wardrobe and a displaced ending (from where did it happen and what happened?) ?? "Anna" turned away in the incredible cinema range. It was a shov-piece, an opportunity for the old star to shout once again to the world. This has succeeded, but I do not think I will be fooled again. All in all, I can not say that I was impressed with this film. "Anna" is not a film about an old-fashioned movie star; It's Salli Kirkland, and SAMO Salli Kirkland. Bogaievicz is trying to do more with the story, but he does not succeed either because Kirkland will not let him, or he only realizes that he does not have enough to support the full story. There are one or two decent scenes in the film, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. Bogaievicz did not create a character that the audience would believe, tear, or dedicate to the afternoon in the afternoon? he created anxiety. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played a bit over and rounded off. Perhaps I missed the extent of this film, but what makes films such is the cooperation of all involved. It was not the case here. In "Anna," Kirkland orders Daniel to behave like a dog (obviously as a symbolic act), and yet throughout the emotional scene, I could not help but think that this was what Kirkland was like to those on the set. She did not film it into a movie, turned into her production, and therefore "Anna" failed. Can I suggest this to anyone? from one Czech to another? skip it! Rating: * ½ of ***** (for that boring theater scene that deceived me)
