There are several redemption qualities for this show. One is that the theme melody has a decent melody. The show has a nice premise. Also, I'm probably in a minority, but I like Vanda. I like the fact that she is caring, and Timmy is more a mother figure. However, despite all this, I do not like this show, it's not a feces, but it's very boring to me. I would not say that this is the best animated show on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated TV show, I mean Peter Pan and Pirate, I mean Darkwing Duck, I mean Scooby Doo and I mean Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really loves Vild Thornberris and is angry at the fact that he is having fun. Nor do I think Excellent parents are the worst animated show on Planet Earth. I accept it is boring, and in some ways overestimated, but it's not the worst broadcast on Nickolodean. It's Chalk Zone, the god who is invisible. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggi and Scooby Doo: Get a track, which is grossly animated, unbridled and sincere shame. animation. Characters, forgive me if I offend you, they have very strange faces, and many backgrounds are boring and do not have a color that makes Spongebob SkuarePants and Vild Thornberris look so beautiful. The characters with the exception of Vanda are considered very boring. I can not believe that such a talented loud actress as Tara Strong (called Charendoff) expressed Timmy. Timmy does not seem to me very fond of him as the main character in general, he is boring and sometimes patronizing, and he is a bad decision maker. And his voice is on my nerves. Actually, I like Strong, but not in this show. Another boring character is Cosmo, an allegedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are as vain as they could become. They are either a) fictitious, or b) more familiar. Timmy's parents are terrible characters, who do not give any trouble to their son, and their personality is very thin. The stories are very unoriginal in most cases, and I'm constantly thinking, where I've seen this before. Episodes after the arrival of a baby that I thought were unexpected. Worse still, the scripts are very unpredictable, childish, rude and suffer from complete lack of energy. sit down. 3/10 there are redeeming features, and I fully understand if people like it. Bethani Coke
