First I began to watch this show probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that time I was younger and I enjoyed some jokes on this show. I was 11 years old in 2003 and now I am 14 years old (2007). Although my age probably plays an important role in judging this show, after I read other reviews, I came to see that after the third season this show went down. I agree. This show is disgusting, repetitive, and usually focuses on the same plot. The show spin around Timmy Turner, who had two fairy tales for fairy tales because his life was terrible - his parents were never in the vicinity, he had a nasty babysitter. The plot of the whole idea is that this kid (Timmy) and his godfathers always want some destruction that can not be prevented if you make another desire, because something in the "rules Yes" says they can not. The show has many lines that are constantly repeated, such as "magic can not break true love, super toilet" or even just some crazy jokes Nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put in an episode of different times. The show is intended for children younger than 10 years, because it involves harsh situations and a "humor kid" for which most of my children would not be interested. The selection of the character's voice could have been even better. Timmy has an extremely loud, prodigious, female voice as well as Cosmo. Vanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like a speaker or showmaker, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. The views in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy returns and acts spoiled and snobbish. Vanda is obviously smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and incapable of thinking like Timmy's dad. Timmy's mom seems to finish everything Timmy's father does. The emission is too far from reality to make me more comfortable. Perhaps as a younger kid I could see more humor in this show, but as I grow up, she really is old. And it does not sound recognized or "trashing," but the show has this mentality that makes you want to commit murder action against the characters. Such a performance must be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, basically you are nasty.
