I can not stand this show! Has there ever been a redeeming quality, a funny line, or a plot that did not "make" the average viewer to drown in a bowl of damp corn flakes? Votes. Oh, you terrible, miserable voices. Since it constantly pulls a set of fine cutlery on a dusty board, each character is uniquely uncomfortable in its abilities for penetrating vocals. Cosmo sounds like a squeaky mongrel, Vicki sounds like a stereotypical tune, and Timmy's dad makes every line sounding like a poor imitation of the leader (Gui Smilei from "Sesame Street" comes to my mind). > Animation is terrible; even the producers of "Iu-Gi-Oh!" To laugh at excessively bad artwork in this show. Each character has teeth, a square head, or a head of three sizes that is too large for his or her body. And what about the characters speaking each line wide-eyed and grinning, as if posing for a photograph with the president? Then, there is a fact that every character in the show is completely crazy. Not from the subtle grace of Amelia Bedellia, Homer Simpson and Buddy Lembeck of the "Charles in Charge" glory, the characters are portrayed so unreally stupid. Usually, "unrealistic" is a synonym for "infertile", and this is certainly the case here. There was not such a slapstick based on the cluelessness of "The Naked Gun 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielson was good at it. Finally, the premise of the show (and this is the same every episode, so big an alarm at this time): Timmy wants something with her two "Excellent", something goes wrong, there is always some reason why he can not immediately reverse the course and seek harm, and then in the end everything turns out. Oh, and on the side of the note, Timmy's parents never trust him when they complain to Vicki, and they continue to hire him at every opportunity. Maybe it's just me, but it seems that a children's show that contains a subtle message that it's almost not at all good to say about an insulting nanny is probably not a good idea. If you are writing a paper and want to give an example of how much cartoon quality has fallen, "The Fairly Odd Parents" has to be a great place to start. A good example of television producers who, together with little or no effort, are collecting a worthless product intended for children simply because they know that someone will look at it somewhere.
