When I first saw a trailer for Prom Night, I must admit that the trailer looked good and this would be a fun movie about the horror. My friend and I watched Prom Night last night and I have to say that I have to grow up because it was such a ridiculous movie, not to mention that I am so sick and tired of typical movies about horror that sounds like an excuse. to scare people. There were no tension, characters, how should I have to worry about them? They did not have any development, the killer ?! Oh, my God, this is probably the stupid serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would a man who never (or at least know) kill someone before, kill a girlfriend's family and friends who are just obsessed? I mean, will he be kidnapped or will he be killed? I have no idea, because this movie did not make sense and it was too predictable and insulted the real lovers of horror. The Don family was brutally murdered by their teacher, who became very obsessed with her, was imprisoned and put in prison. It's been 3 years, and she's just getting peace in her life, even going to her prom evening. But the killer escaped and still has Donna in mind, he follows her matura, which means bad news for her friends, hotel maid and boy, because it's a good idea to kill a maid and a bell. boy, so no one gets enough suspicion to check if they're busy. Donna is in great trouble, because this murderer, who is obviously a man, can obviously enter the house and can not kill people so quietly, just, wow. I'm sorry, I really wanted to Love this movie, we did not have a good movie in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie with which I was not impressed. Only the situations were incredible and the actors were unpleasant. I know this was a PG-13 movie, but I love how someone was brutally stabbed to death and have only a little blood on his clothes? Not to mention stinging holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone except if you are a teenager, this movie is made for teens, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, without offending those who enjoyed this movie, but I do not understand how anyone can . 2/10
