"The Hazing" is one of the films I've always wanted to see exclusively on the basis of the illustrated cover picture here on the IMDb. Yes, I'm so shallow! I do not care if ten million people call that shit a movie, the poster looks great, so I guess I'll have to see it? Now, "The Hazing" can somehow be described as his alternate title: Curious! The poster and title sound like a real horror film on the campus and deals with malicious initiatory rituals, but this film is actually a more intersection between comedy and trilera. First, something is wrong with the label on the old VHS Box I was watching. He writes: He had good grades, a good girlfriend and good friends? The protagonist Gilbert Levis was finally accepted by a recognized campus through an athlete's scholarship. Over half a movie before we heard about his girlfriend's house and the only one. friend "he is very reluctant to Charles Martin Smith (still with the hair in this movie). Both of them have approached to become members of the prestigious" Delts "fraternity, but during their hazing exam in which Barnei must fall down from the cliff and breaks his legs When Levis returns with the other guys from the friar, Barney has already froze and together they imagined holding the frozen body for five days and then claiming that with Barney's body hidden in the refrigerator, Levis must cover it so that Barney's absence does not look suspicious Setting "The Hazing" is sounding too original and potentially innovative, but pro Blem was that the execution could have been much better. The tone is too steady and too serious for comedy, even for black, but on the other hand there are no real attempts to build uncertainty or excitement. happy and full of melodies, but this is almost not enough for this film to become a comedy. About an hour in the movie, the shop also stays free of money and ideas, and the creators do not have a better alternative to fill the gap with the romantic compilations of Levis and his outer city bicycle girlfriend ra villages. I did not like the last twist because it's pretty unbelievable because it's been done many times before and after (although after that). "The Hazing" is not a total waste of time, but nevertheless I'm glad to find a tape for a former loan at a friend's home instead of spending money on a recently released DVD.
