(There are Spoilers) Tired Nymphomaniac Whore Miia, Kari Vuhrer, takes life and a car of 18 virgins, although it is too shameful to admit, a novice from collage Trent Kolbert, Christopher Ryan. By the end of the film, Miia not only rejects, but gives a poor innocent and naive Trente a lesson to see a dangerous job and stick to it for him or her, so as not to turn into one. The ride around the truck's position, driven by the truck driver Miia, was picked up by Roi, Burt Young, for the hot and heavy action, at the rear seat of his trolley. Roi is either too drunk or stupid to realize that Miia is no different from his alienated daughter! Furious that Miia is reluctant to deal with him, Roi almost suffocates until death just to break the student of the first year of Trent Colbert's collage, which turns to the side of the rest and switches to one of the truck drivers. Seeing his chance, Miia jumps into Trent's car, and the two are in what turned out to be the strangest car drive ever set in motion picture. As they travel to the north-eastern United States, the two end up with the killing and firing with state troops, which leads to the home of Trent's parents while holding them hostage. There is another wild shootout between crazy Miy and the entire SVAT team reinforced by local police and state troops. You expect a movie like "Hit and Run" to be deliberately or unintentionally ridiculous, but not. In fact, the movie is very disturbing in how Miia treats everything in the movie to get in contact with even her depraved and child-abusive father Roo. To force Trent to drive all over the northeastern part, Miia gets a drunkard from a poor drug that carries him with him in a motel room, along with a handcuffs and an incandescent candle. Miia also deals with the owner of the motel, infuriated by Mr. Foster, deceiving him to give her a pistol, as part of some strange sex game. After keeping Foster up, she moves with Trent, which cools down in her motel room, a wallet of about $ 400 in it, but does not bother to get away with her car. Needing to pay the gas to return to his Thanksgiving parents, Trent gets a call from his cell phone from Miia to pick it up at a local restaurant to get his money back. Like the asshole Trent picked up Miiu, now a fugitive from the law, and later intertwines with his father Roi on an open highway while trying to launch Trent and Miiu from the road. The pursuit ends in this abandoned house carrying Roi, runs Miiu, runs him in a muddy path in high heels, gets him into what you know where the explosion from his ram shotgun is. Roi was so busy that he took off his trousers that he had forgotten to leave the pistol unattended. In both cases, when it comes to deadlock and murder, as well as hit and run, accusations against them, the two desperates stop in the S & M / Tattoo boutique where Trent gets a pierced ear and nose and dressed is in the skin and chains, by Miri, along with his and his dog's collar. To meet his straight and conservative parents for Thanksgiving dinner. After firing with state troops and one of them severely wounded, two law-fugitives end up with Trent's parents, Mr & Mrs Colbet, David Keith & Elaine Martin, from a local police force, with the SVAT team , waiting for them there. An incredible movie with a really disturbing final ending that prompted you to wonder what the film was actually trying to, if at all, to tell its audience. Initially, you felt a lot of sympathy for Miiu, but as the film moved to its unsafe ending, which evaporated as quickly as a tray with ice cubs in the Valley of Death. Although Roi was the most unacceptable person in the film, first when the film was over, Miia completely repressed him.
