Crazed Shotgun toting-incest-driven-revenge that searches for truck drivers and disturbance of obsessive control "Dad raped me when I was 12" cuffs, all prostitutes with latex are just some of the characters you'll meet in this complete shame of the movie can easily be seen on any cable TV station (IE: Skinemak) at 4 pm on Sunday night. (And I know it was a whole sentence, but it was naked for me people; this is a long-term review for a short meaningless film). Filmed in "somewhere" in Canada, with almost no budget, the plot on this freak is eroded, the police in it obviously never heard of "State jurisdiction" because they were eventually persecuted by Miiu (Hookers ) and Trenta (idiotic, anal, generic, insecure student) of the United States (and I thought it could only be done by the FBI). The camera is trembling, the scene of sex is central and the acting is so bad that it could cause unintentional acidic memories of movies such as Ishtar and Leonard Part 6. As for Skin scene go (which is the only reason you even rent this movie, do not even think about buying it) there are two. The first is the only one worth watching, which is the Dominatrix sex scene with Kari Salin and ____ (here you insert an unknown actor, obviously he did not do anything else worth mentioning) in a disgusting, disgusting motel room (a type of broken drip, and a soda machine outdoors that only have a blue tonic in it). It's all S & M (riding crops, handcuffs, hot waxing and licking the underwear) and eventually staying in a motel room, with no money and cops waiting at his door (this will show you guys, do not let the whore bind you in motel room "middle nowhere." Unfortunately, Kari does not show the skin valuable memory, which in itself can cause a deep traumatic experience for some gentlemen, so this is definitely a worse look at this movie. it's about the end, * Snicker * Snicker * I know you probably would not mind discovering it, but I will not, you should I would like to spend my hard-earned money for it. In all, I give him 1/5 for action, 3/5 for Skin (see last paragraph) and 0/0 for acting, character development or complicated complicated complications. </ br /> - Laughter
