To say Funky Forest: The first contact is a bad movie is underestimating incredible proportions. I can really get into a good artistic home movie, even a surreal and weird sound like El Topo, Goli lunch and Survive Styles 5+, because these movies actually have something to talk about when points turn. Attempts by FFFC on every path to be so deep and intellectual, basically no content in this movie. This film is poorly done, visual images in this film are not inspirational, the dialogue is even worse, music numbers destroy this movie .. I was laughing at GUITAR BROTHERS, but it was immediately deleted by something completely unnecessary and irrelevant. I think he tried to be deep and meaningful, but his pretentious disoriented nonsense. Students of brutal film without a camera could have created something more interesting. Guitar Guitar and standup routines between sketches receive 1 point, and everything else is poorly performed, pseudo-creative, difficult attempts. as good as the films of other REAL directors such as Sogo Ishii, David Linch and Jodovorski. Give me a break. I am convinced that this is made up of people who are pissing about FFFC because they have no idea what they have seen, because they were just mild statements here and there mixed with glupost and mixed up until you're back on your own shoes. This film was an extreme disappointment, emerged from the high level Survive Stile 5+, a movie that actually has a meaning, combined with great use of landscape, cinema, attractive dialogue, funny moments, good music, great performance, fantastic pace and flow. FFFC is characterized by completely opposite, boring landscape (20 minutes looking at the beach at night - completely white scene? Alien balls float in white space? Dead school hallway, then ... school hall?), Horror cinema, forgetful dialogue, nothing funny or funny , apart from the fact that you've just lost your life for two hours, soundtrack, amateur shows, uneven, unconnected, and often flat-out, without zero flow. There are those who claim that this is what makes FFFC a brilliant movie, that it is so unconventional at every turn that it's pure genius. It is simply a way to perceive your own ego, because the "unpredictable" can be good quality for a movie if it is not linked to "boring", "innate" and "terrible". I personally talked to two people who told me that FFFC was terrible when they left the theater, but the overwhelming rave by the art-house elites forced them to watch the movie again, and then they came back to me ... I pretty much liked . "I'm going to put my foot down, this movie is stiff, I do not care if Roger Ebert says this movie is the best thing he ever watched because he lost his innocence." Imperial new gown "I say. .. this film does not point to other psychedelic / trippi movies coming from Japan in the last 10 years. Taste of Tea, Part 7 and Kamikaze Girls are much better films (even with low budget), and no one can compare honestly with Survive Styles 5+. Watch FFFC only if you are interested in making a pretentious pile of nothing on a small budget.
