Bad performance, no script, no plot, no convincing killer, no tension, no original settings, uses the same closet / under the bed / tactic of the person behind you in the mirror, making it repetitive and boring, NOT INSERTING the fact that NEVER was "really" killed (at least not on the screen), which in turn causes any uncertainty and can cause everyone's feelings. spending money on the ticket .... her horror movie without a horror LMAO. The most you see is what looks like someone took a bottle of ketchup and sprinkled it on a plastic sheet. You must be a teenager who sat there screaming in the theater and scared to enjoy this, or at that time you were tall / drunk. Honestly, I have a life and do not bother to write reviews that often unless I really hated something really, or enjoyed it. > But this film is AVFUL and I feel I have the duty to warn you not to give your money to Hollivood and to re-encourage this kind of shooting! One is to hire a "bad" movie in the Veinsteins movie, and the other is when you have to sit in the theater. Also, in case you want a little remake of nostalgia, forget it! This is NOT remake, nor is it a re-imagination. It's not scary, nor attractive, nor is it enough satisfactory to be "fun" as others at IMDb claimed ... that it just stagnated and booooring. Here's what you'll take away from this movie: remembering the scar on the head of Brittany Snov that stands out more than complications, the fact that Jonathan Schaech MUST have some sexual affair with JS Cardone "The Forsaken" he got another role of the killer (because he is scary as my puddle, and too cute to kill anyone) and for whatever reason everyone who returns to the hotel apartment never returns. What kind of person would not worry at the prom night when they decide to announce the candidates for the king and the queen of the prom night, and the hard-hitting girl does not appear anyhow? This is my warning. DO NOT spend money like me. "Original" is bullshit, but it's more fun for fans of Jamie Lee Curtis, although it's not nearly as bad as this piece of crap (forgive what sounds vulgar or rude, but when you see it, you will understand why I say what I say).
