Soloists have all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Vright, is already the author of the best picture candidate. Leading actor, Robert Dovnei Jr., was in a widely-praised superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When mysteriously withdrawn from release at the end of 2008, movie viewers and critics were confused. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal has not just postponed this film to promote the Iron Man-Oscars rumors. The soloist is a bad drama without an external conflict that is significantly inferior to all the best candidates for 2009. Dovei and co-actor Jamie Fock are not guilty of this misfortune. Joe Vright is mostly guilty, but even he can not save the story of life. Many films are too complex and alienate viewers. This is unusual simple. It's a film about a journalist, Steve Lopez (Dovei), who is dating a homeless musician, Nathaniel Aiers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. The two become friends. They start this film as acquaintances and the BFFs are all over. The tension consists of such moments: will Aiers allow Lopez to take him to a shelter for the homeless? This material would be more suitable for production made for television, rather than film. Vright contains many scenes of cheap humor to cover up the lack of content. Lopez is fighting against a raccoon that is dirty in the backyard in what I consider a sub-parcel. Do you remember when it happened in Reconciliation or Pride and Prejudice? These films were sufficiently structured to allow occasional jokes, but nothing so long lasting. Aries' story is enriched when it does not have to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way of recognizing that the main story carries little attraction. Nathaniel was a miracle of violin with hard training (and I was). This is a fictitious attempt to create sympathy with Aiers when the majority is already there. He's a homeless man for a schizophrenic voice! The film portrays the love of mankind to music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as any of these images. The whole film is tied to Ajer's schizophrenia. After all, he communicates with everyone else. Being a musician is a nice touch, but hard to value. The film does not include this feature completely in its personality. Take the music from Amadeus or Beethoven live, but there is no movie left. The soloist is more about friendship in general than about music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic, and several lines of dialogue should be seriously changed. Hopefully this film is not an indication of how limited its capabilities are. In his early work there is stylistic nodding, but the Soloist is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal did not have to agree to the wide publication of this image. This film is tailored for Imagine Entertainment (distributors of Changeling). I would not be so disappointed if I had a limited edition. His bad boxing results may prevent better distribution of drama at the national level.
