Prom Night is recorded with an artistic eye that someone gives while finely making a living original movie. You know that. In October of this year, Life ceases to be a brave story about the surviving survivor (here insert the name of the disease) in order to tell a slightly furious story about a woman being chased by a former boyfriend from a stalker. Is that dramatic? it's sappi ?? It's immensely boring. Nothing contributes to the development of the genre, tells the original story, or strives to achieve any novelty. Prom Night shares this condition. Watching the killer piercing his victims, we sit silently as they descend to the floor without dropping the blood. It occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in film history. Our director works with a pretty handsome killer so he is forced to pour into the corners of the camera to look more creepy. Think about Matthev McConaughei coming with a knife. Probably would have gone? "Oh, a good guy will kill me? Naaaa." It's not scary even for a second, so the director throws Schaech into shadows and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror is repeated until the moment of illness, because it practically becomes the fetish of the creator. In this movie you will get 15 inclines, 2 of which made my jump in the date (maybe I'll mention it is afraid of ALL). I would also mention that she decided to sleep in half the film and that at one point she threatened to leave me. As if this film is not sufficiently separated, it seems to be cut to pieces. I'm not saying that the key points seem to have been left on the floor of the cutting room while the crew managed to save some of the film's horror about the horror; I say, as the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a terrific jump. That's what you would expect when the movie is lit and the projection is forced to mingle together, cross your fingers and hope for the best. The editor should be shot. With the action you can pack in two sentences, one missed spray blood, emo killer, and the tension of a very special episode "Silver Spoons", "you left without reason to support the horror of this weekend?" on the big screen, in fact, this is a film that should be punished: Is it really so difficult to make a horrifying movie? Did this crew know that they were making a horror movie ??! Totally wasting my time and yours. I will give you this review. Do not let my victim be futile. Do not go to the movie !!!
