Too much that has borrowed class B - Super Bovl Sunday is one of the slowest days in the movies every year. Therefore, film studios tend to avoid publishing larger budget films this weekend. Every few years the studio issues a counter-programmatic female film (2001) "Wedding Planner" to compete with a great game. This Super Bowl Weekend, similar to the title of "Wedding Date", will try to find success and attract spectators not to watch the game. The sick feeling of regret for her, single woman, Kat Ellis (Debra Messing, TV "Vill and Grace") hires Nick (Dermot Mulroni, "About Schmidt"), to show her the boy for her marriage sister in London. Her family gave her a difficult situation because she did not marry, and her 7-year-old fiancé, who left her without cause, is the best man. To jealous Ket parade Nick around her former, make him see what he misses. But in the end, Nick helps Keith realize that she can open up, and let her love her. It's almost a copy of 1999's "Picture Perfect" and mixes scenes similar to "The Vedding Planner" and "We Best Friends Vedding". The film also has the reverse theme of "Beautiful Women", and knowing its audience, the director makes smart references to it and other films. "Wedding Date" has all the cliché elements a typical wedding movie, there is a stereotypical mother (Holland Tailor, "Legalli Blonde") and practically plagiarized wedding speeches by family and friends at a wedding and rehearsal evening. The reversal was done in the end before, but that was something that was not expected. The real reason why Kat was ejected comes as a surprise and changes the direction of the movie in the last half an hour. Although "Wedding Date" is predictable, he is able to stand alone. Debra Messing, in her first lead role, proves she can be charming and fun. Dermot Mulroni has excellent chemistry with Debor Messing, but most of his dialogue was overly unrealistic. He is able to make the best of what he has been given, and to be able to save his character. Using many smart games (often sexual), the movie is actually funny. Although the movie's film has components that everyone can enjoy. The feeling of good story and humor make it the best movie that has been released for a long time.
