* SPOILERS INCLUDED * With the title such as 'Bleed', you know that creative juices have not worked at a high level when this puppy is thoughtful. The movie is your basic low budget movie. Oh, of course, he's trying to be creative with the "club of murder" premise, but we learn it's just a joke. Okay, for those who really care about these things, the basic complication is that a new girlfriend in the city begins to go out with her colleagues. He invites her to a circle of friends, and at one party, they tell her they have a "club of murder" and kill people, blah blah. Well, we learn that it was all a joke, but not before our heroine killed a lady in a garage. Now, members of the Killers Club are killed one by one. Oh, and the bad guys win, and the film ends at a lower level. Until that moment you will not care about it. In retrospect, the first 10 minutes of this movie makes no sense. Motivation for homicide at the beginning of the film has never been explained. I would say that it was a way for the director to throw out a movie, but on the DVD there are deleted scenes! I'm not sure why anyone would want to see more than the version of "Bleed", but obviously people behind the DVD thought the viewers would look for more. The box says that there are Easter eggs, but why, to hell, I would like to spend my time looking for accessories for this movie, it's beyond me. I expected a bad movie, and "Bleed" on that front. That was not a fun bad movie. Everyone looks good in the movie, and he has a lot of nudity, but acting is just terrible. My least favorite character is the guy who ends up as a killer ... I think it should be fun and fun, but ends up as a tool. I think it's the funniest moment of the movie when our heroine kills a lady in the garage, in a hysterically unbelievable death. Heroine pushes a woman into a garage cement pillar, and the woman seems to be barely guessing the thing, and she spits out her mouth and dies. For those who think that filming is intricate, a creative process by professionals, see "Bleed". It will change your mind, and you will realize that each movie can make a movie. Otherwise, do not waste time and money on it.
