When you place this DVD in your player and press "plai", you will experience a brief moment of silence and see the black screen while the laser is directed to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. CHERISH THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tilenol or something (preferably PM to fall asleep), because you will have a huge headache when this film starts. with the opening that actually made me laugh a little, I thought I would have a good time to have fun. Of course, the introductory sequence was VEE a bit embarrassing and most of the jokes fell flat and it seemed to be Scream ripoff (by the way, my only laugh was from Julie Strain's last comment in this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the introductory sequence had a horrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the headlines of DVD chapters and video stuff that spoke "TOPLESS IN THE BACKIARD!" and "BETTER FROM SEX!". I knew how to sell this movie. And this is a sad truth: ONLY the good thing in this movie is an attractive acting. In addition, it is a sadly routine film that inserts an "innovative" concept of murder clubs, which ultimately becomes fake. So, the whole movie then shows in the other direction that it tries to be confusing and this huge mystery, but all this just adds that it is not interesting at all and leaves the feeling that you do not care for any of the characters. I mean, when it's revealed that the main character of the film killed an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy for her when she fears for her life? The impact of Scream is present throughout the world, with a ghostly face killer and some really terrible jokes. We are also treated with the main character scenes that tell her mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman, The Only Other Cool Movie!) About Abortion or Something. Uh. Yes ... This is not "so bad - it's a good" movie, it's just bad. Somebody compared this to the Troma movie, but ... you know, most of the movies that come from a full moon (or its release, as this film proves) is terrible. It's not terrible in Thrombe - I've seen a lot of Trom movies, and I can honestly say that everyone is offering something, nothing you can go and tell your friends later. However, this film has nothing to do with it. Watch out for.
