The killer, wearing a plastic white mask and a black coat, kills friends of Hollywood producer Sean Bunn (Danny Wolves) who inherited his position when someone cut off his former employer from the groin to the chest. Perhaps the psychopath is a newly created worker Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, funny-looking beauty with a troubled family history, worn by nightmares. Shavn and his friends play a practical joke with Maddy. When Maddi accidentally kills a woman in the garage because of the carpet that the person put into the car, she discovers that Shavn's friends twit her chain. But Shavn and his comrades are worried about Maddie's acceptance to commit murder and is thinking about turning him into a proper government. Deciding to wait for a decision, each member becomes the victim of a white masked psycho with a Madda suspect given the fact that he has already killed her. Or is anyone else behind these murders? Low budget slasher, executive producer Charles Band, with murders up there that fail to win. Many tits on the screen and Allen Nabors a stupid figure Chris can entertain those with low expectations. Murders include a stomach that opens with intestines, a neck-cut, an electric cable thrown into a pool that burns a female victim who had to escape all day, hacked buried in the back of a male victim, and, at the top of everything, the couple was strangled by a rope during a sexual climax. for an additional effect, the killer uses the key switch as an additional lever to twist the rope as close as possible to be able to hook the necks). There is enough hole to pass the trucks, as it is why Maddy has nightmares about the killings she did not commit, so she could kill someone so violently (.. through her blood) to wake up in her bed, leaving nothing at the scene of the crime which would easily interfere, and how Sean could so long pass, allowing her to continue working in the company despite what she said about the murder she had committed, and the constant desire to join the alleged club that did not. What tortured me most was the desire of the film to somehow sympathize with this female protagonist who wanted to join the club after killing someone and later pronounced him an unhappy case. The film builds Maddy as a potential psycho because of her past. Her family rejected her for abortion. It has darkness and always end up appropriately in places of crime. In many slasheres, the most likely killer is often a red haringa, but this film comes out of the way to point the finger at Maddy. When there is a turn, we will leave for Maddy, but we know it's not in the head. It is difficult to sell care for this fish. Still, it looks great in a men's military shirt. And, Rochon is not afraid to leave his puppy. Low budget horror fans will get a chance to see Brinke Stevens's cult favorite as a religious mother who preaches against what Maddi did, calling it the killer of a beloved Tromu producer Lloyd Kaufman who can not express himself wisely to protect his daughter to whom she really is care about. Julie Strain's circus siren has a small comedy, showing her tits (of course) like a girl who killed a man's head clipped with a hammer. Oh, and check out the office that Shavn is doing, you'll see a lot of Full Moon posters and works of art all over the walls.
