Devin Hamilton is probably known as a new name in the legendary Full Moon party. Unfortunately, his arrival at this independent studio occurred at a time when the budget and production were the lowest in years. However, in his short career, Hamilton has established himself as a creative director who manages to make inventive and original tales. Now, that does not mean that his films are good, but at least they are different from the usual ones in the horror genre. In his debut, "Bleed", Hamilton presents us with a creative craft. under the genre slasher. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets the job of her dreams. And not only that, but she also appears to have found a boy in Sean (Danny Wolves), it seems that life finally laughs Maddy after many sad events. While at a party with Friends of the United States, they tell her that they have created a "club" in which members must kill someone to enter. Apparently jokes, but Maddy desperately wants to fit in, that she actually kills someone. After this event, someone starts killing the other members of the club one by one. Maddi is to understand what's going on, just like anyone could be a killer, including her. Maddi is a very interesting character that beautifully plays Debbie Rochon. It is a very interesting craft on the genre to make the actress part of the suspects. The concept is so original and Rochon's performance is so good that the real damage is that Hamilton did not develop the whole story a bit better. Sometimes the movie feels pretty slow and it's generally a feeling that a good idea is lost on a bad movie. The rest of the actors are weird in the sense that all woman cast is very good, while the male actor is badly ill. Danni Wolske is awfully wooden, and his performance as iuppie is pretty stereo. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens & Lloyd Kaufman appear in small rooms and are beautiful in their small roles. Also, there are many nudity (both male and female), and the actors are very good, so it's really a plus. Low-budget pains a movie in the effects department, because there are very few bloody scenes there and are not really graphic (probably because they would look bad); however, with regard to the budget, the film at least looks good. Hamilton's newest effort, the sexual investment "Delta Delta Die!", is a better and more comprehensive film. Although this is not as bad as other more famous films, it still has a lot of defects and can only be interesting for fans of Debbie Rochon or fans of independent films without a budget. 4/10
