NATURAL BORN KILLERS (1994) Cinnamon Cut: R Directional Cut: NC-17 This is an unusual Oliver Stone picture, but when I am I read that he was on drugs during the shooting, I did not need an additional explanation. 'Natural Born Killers' is a risky, crazy, all movie creativity that we do not get often; strange, psychotic, artistic images. 'Natural-born murderers' are basically a story of how two mass murderers were popularized and celebrated by the media; there is a great scene in which the examiner examines some teens about Mickey and Mallory, and the teenager says: "Murder is wrong ... but if I'm a mass killer, I would be Mickey and Mallori." Mickey describes this with the situation 'Frankenstein (monster) and Dr. Frankenstein '- Dr. Frankenstein is the medium that turned them into these monstrous killers. Most of Oliver Stone's films are examining the shortcomings of America, a country that the director loves and admires. I assume that 'Natural Born Killers' about the impact of mass media, technology and how obsessive the nation is, the Americans (and most of the world) over things such as mass killers and bizarre situations. The killers who played Voodi Harrelson (Mickei) and Juliette Levis (Mallori) were astoundingly executed by two great actors who enter the lives of two interesting brutal killers. Mickei and Mallori believe that some people are worth killing, perhaps in the cruel theory of social darwinism (survival of the most capable) - Mickei says in his interview in prison, that other species begin killing, as humans we destroy other species and use the environment; the scenario is interesting, but it is questionable how much this film means, in the sense that we make it to think about society and human behavior, not the intensity of the two-hour bloodthirsty we have seen. The last hour of the film takes place in the maximum security prison; we see the difficult reality of prison life; manager positions etc., filling the prison - maybe Stone is questioning the future, the way the society is headed. Two other interesting character; First, the reporter who runs America's Maniacs and is obsessed with boosting the rating, to go any length to capture the story of Mickey and Mallory. The other is a policeman Scagnetti, a crazy, possibly sadistic officer who is in love with Mallory - he also has some strange obsession with mass killers, since his mother was killed during a Massachusetts Massacre in Vaco, Texas, by Charles Witten. Cinema is great; different colors, shades, styles create a feeling of disorientation; the green color that is most obvious of all is green, resemble the killer's disease (in the drugstore when they are looking for an antidote from a rhinoceros). The camera operation is crazy; slim, buzz, it takes a bit of determination to take advantage and accept. Very unorthodox, psychedelic and unusual. 'Natural-born murderers' do not glamorize the existence of crazy killers, this raises questions about how we, as a public, can encourage this attribute ... <Although the above review sounds pretty positive , I did not like the film. Quarantine Tarantino, who originally wrote the script for the film, was not happy with the changed scenarios and asked that his name be removed. I see why. Although occasionally mildly interesting, Natural Born Killers is a mess of images. 4/10
