Well, when Herbie first appeared, I was perfectly happy when I watched Dean Jones. I just wanted to have fun for several hours and eating too much popcorn popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have expectations from a story / wonderful story whenever I watch a movie, if I'm not on some kind of medication. And this is another good movie for drugs. There is no more laughter, no complex lines, no heavy turns. Herbie Fulli Loaded is great for full equipment. This was the first time I've seen La Lohan on the screen since he replaced the place with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought it was great), and I can not say that this time I was very impressed . In addition to her constant change and unpleasant unnatural hair color, she was not exactly true as a boy in a neighborhood who spent his whole life hanging around road runners. Her 'need for speed' was not consistently shown in the movie - maybe it was somewhere else - she looked older than her part, and she seemed to always ask for something (a party designer - a new place to spend money?) A set. I could not see any chemistry with Justin Long; this romance was at best mandatory. The only time Lindsay appeared was when she interacted with Matt Dillon, whom I thought was appropriately surpassing Evil Bad Gui Trip Murphy. It was great to see Herbie again, and I loved a movie introduction with material from old movies. If Disney had come out with some jewelry from the Emperor 53, maybe I was carrying only some people to be loyal. His new feature (?) Was a little inconsistent (does he channel the thoughts of his driver? Do you now skateboard?), But whatever. We all knew how this would end, but I want to end up with some less stupid than Maggie. And my head still hurts from that Maggie lesson, and the viewers have stolen the house. What would make the movie worthwhile? You have an old Herbie in a real story with a real complication - at a minimum, Herbie is as good as Lassie - but obviously she's asking too much. Why does Disney always return to the same place as Herbie Goes Bananas and Computer That Vore Tennis Shoes when it comes to innovation? I'm sure this was a great movie for kids and for those who did not expect it. For the rest of us ... it's for when you have a flu and you just can not take the uncertainty of the rear window.
