One of the most common items in the category of 'fool' is anachronism. Although I begin to believe that anachronism and other nonsense are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but they are front and center in rotten films. HIS CISS FOR ME is a rotten film and stinks to anachronism, but when I watch it carefully, I have not found anything particularly anachronistic. The recordings of airplanes that reserve the film are certainly unreasonable. A large four-month transport, seen after the title "Honolulu 1944", appears to be post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The battle planes that were seen on the ramp at the end were Douglas Skiraiders who entered the service after the Second World War and were celebrated with their service in Vietnam. But apart from these two films and, of course, hairstyles, everything else is probably probably authentic. She just feels so wrong. I am a fan of Stanley Donen, sharing the same birthday. In his co-direction, THE THE TOVN (1949), he was eventually driven by a car, while the police drive Ford's 1949/50, but he does not have the slightest feeling that this is unmistakable in the World War II film. In fact, as I later considered, there is nothing that would mean that it should be a film from the Second World War. It just feels so. Based on War Broadway musical based on Ballet (Fancy Free), which may be based on the work of artist Paula Kadma (Fleet's In 1934), his big sailor movie on a 24-hour passage in New York City, and so difficult for war associations, she just assumed that it was happening during the war, and yet these modern cars do nothing to break the spell. The first problem is old Keri Grant. Although too old to represent a naval diving pilot, Hollywood tradition is that stars such as Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stevart (Charles Lindbergh) play younger. It was a role in which he did not think, not his age. He plays the operator, as they called them. A man who does things and violates all the rules while doing it, but continues to admire and love it. Hustler. Dealer wheels. De rigueur character in service comedy. Grant is the comic center of what should be a comedy for services that is contrary to his comedy style. Thinking about the great Grant comic performances such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he is a big reactor whose comedy will be reduced by its context from dignity to a confused patch of inert jelly . In KISS, they are expected to be a comic sparkle, which is simply not him. People have already been exposed to this type, and recently Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role will later be perfected by James Garner, but here Grant is simply not ridiculous and seems to be a bully who pervades by aggressively pushing his Cari Grantness and not cajoling and finessing. But the thing that really stinks the place with anachronism are the leading women. There can not be more women than 50 years old than Suzi Parker and Jaine Mansfield. They are unique for a decade. Marilyn Monroe could be continually set up with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of dumb blondes, and Grace Kelli was another lady of high class (think of Marie Astor), but she could never be an anatomically exaggerated woman in films like Mansfield. Of course, there were 'sweater girls' (for example, Lana Turner) from World War II, but Mansfield stretched a point. Suzi Parker is a model that has revolutionized the business model, which has changed the model pose to become the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNI FACE (1957) and Stanlei Donen). Naturally, in the style of the high 50s, there seems to be a lot of sex mixing in 'wild' parties, but never even a hint of sex (think of the TV shows of the 50s Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Shov where men dressed with dinner only with 'dates'). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a show at Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation had to be inevitable for contemporary readers and audiences, but destroyed, overturned and reconstructed ten years later and deadly, a forgotten stain in otherwise exemplary careers until the invention of the VCR and cable television did not revive this petrified turkey. So, the lesson is anyway. The nonsense will be ignored in a big movie like CITIZEN KANE (which is actually heard by Charles Foster Kanea says 'Rosebud'?) and tolerated in a funny shit like VESTVORLD (why robots received live ammunition)? ignored in a filthy movie, even if people do not really exist.
