In the suspicious comedy veil of Mela Bruce, "Completely Moses!" trying to take the biblical story of Moses and ridiculing it, which resulted in a meaningless biblical basement ever recorded. Dudley Moore and Laraine Nevman are on a bus tour of the Holy Land, when they stumble across the ancient coil in the cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Nevman. Hersel's life is parallel with Moses. It was sent down the river to find the Pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses. Herschel's father, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel rescues idols and works as a sculptor. In the end, Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, expelling himself and ending up with the herd of the sheep Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers by law, married to sisters, and Hersel thinks that God chose him to liberate his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Divine Word, but Hersel misunderstood. I'll stop here to hysterically laugh ... pause ... in any case, the rest of the film is a series of poorly written scenes involving Moore and actors who make "special appearances." These scenes do not launch the action, they bring that little story that will stop. Jack Gilford Game Tailors. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, he just gives the same readings he gave in The Chase Paper. David L. Lander is a fake blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zereld's nurses. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn should be, she is heading to Herschel, and she has about a minute and a half on the screen. John Ritter plays a very nasty hell. Richard Prior has one scene as a pharaoh, but he's obviously shot at another time than Moore's scene, because the two do not appear on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after addressing the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Hersel writes the Ten Commandments, and gives them to Moses, who enjoys his glory. In the final stages, the screenwriter decides to try to save this shallow film by hurling Herschel into God's argument. God comes as a mighty bully who led Herschel around him for his entertainment, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have a Zereld statue "God works in mysterious ways," thereby justifying any non-Christian behavior during the film. This film is not ridiculous. Nobody should laugh anywhere. At least Monti Pithon has ridiculed many of the established religious foundations in The Life of Brian, in addition to his dubious thoughts about Jesus' life, but here humor consists of a joke poo and characters who constantly cast their heads. That's why Mel Brooks looks like a Merchant / Ivory. It will be praised, not because of the relationship between film and religion, but because of the complacency of the films, impressed by their willingness (I know, not words) about a topic they obviously do not know anything about. "Fully Moses!" It's totally bad, and it's a shame for everyone involved. I suggest you read the book. This is rated (PG) for some physical violence, curses, sexual references and situations in adulthood.
