Spoilers? Maybe a couple of details, but nothing too closely related. It's not like it's important for this movie. The air rage obviously clears the space for infiltration of air in the Executive Decision. Ice-T runs a team of four "elite" commandos carrying baggy black shirts that we can only imagine having to hide invisible armor for the body as their idiotic tactics (similar to what third-class students use when playing Star Vars on the playground). fire fight. What I was most entertained about in this movie was the use of similar actors. You will immediately recognize Cyril O'Reilly as someone who used to act in a movie that you really liked, although it was so long ago that you probably would not be able to put it (that was Porky's). Here Ciril plays the decent knock-off character of Bill Pacton. The funniest is Gil Gerard, who is so fat that you will never recognize him as a TV Buck Rogers. Instead of telling his past a mildly heroic character, Gerard gives us a passionate appearance of a hard-fat guy, which is clearly conceived for John Goodman. Finally, Alec Cord gives us a nice hybrid look similar to Chuck Connors / Kirk Douglas type. In ten years since Nev Jack Citi, Ice-T has deteriorated considerably. He does not act as much as the regurgitation of lines he may have remembered. One of the things that are played in this movie is CD-ROM confidential information. It is transmitted by hand, and it is obviously and incredibly unencrypted, despite the security-comprehensible aura of Gerard's NSA character. What a joke. I seriously doubt that the information allegedly on the CD would have been compiled in a portable format. Even though it is in a closed airplane without a silencer, the shooting is as loud as the canned air, and causes an abnormal person to retreat, so obviously there is no budget. The selection of the selected weapon is quite fun. Using a coffee pot is the most realistic picture of violence in a movie. When he intuitively goes to the mini-Uzi pistol, which must be one of the worst pistol designs ever, it's too stupid. The real elite team would carry MP-5 for this kind of thing, or maybe SOCOMM .45s, or even adjust Hi-Povers to be a really old school, or maybe something FN 5.7 if the new school ... Lame-o standard question 92Fs are completely incredible, they lost most of their cool after Deadly Weapons. Poor guys, allegedly experienced fighter types, have a diverse mix of absurdity, such as the aforementioned mini-Uzi pistol and Tec-9 with the infamous non-functional extension of the barrel which is not a silencer. There was one touch of realism in which I would like to rectify the other reviewers: Stewardess and Ice-T lowered the aircraft to 10,000 feet for the "breathing air" before they opened the door. I also got the impression that the stewardess was not able to close the door, that she actually gave up that point. As for the landing, there was no mention of the drains up to about 2 seconds before touching. Sigh. Only the Dukes of Hazard that escaped Roscoe P. Coltrane on the "passage" could embarrass this film for using images. They obviously chose the incredible (and retired) SR-71 because they could not get supplies F-117. Apart from the fact that they were already in 2001, we forget that for the moment that the SR-71 is not a pure aircraft in the sense of B-2, and that it's in an empty space ... Well, I'm not an expert, but I doubt it would be invisible on Radar. As others pointed out, repeated references to "F-15" when they showed the F-16 were ridiculous. Details 747 were pretty stupid. No airline would start with this small number of passengers at 747, not to mention everything else that was idiotic about it. Pay attention to the use of exposed electrical installations. Vov. What a show. Get him to Stars or something like that. Do not pay to rent it, but watch it in laughter. In the battle for the worst movie ever, up there with No Holds Barred, which at least had some originality.
