What a piece of garbage. In spite of this, when film action is about the plane, you would think that writers / producers / directors (or anyone!) Would do a little homework, at least as far as details are concerned. The mistakes were so obvious that I was scared to the end of the film. Here are just a few: I'm glad to miss the SR-71 series - it surely was worse than the Air Force One spectacle F-117. Commercial airlines usually have their own logos on the plane, not BOEING 747 ?? probably (inexpensive) use of some Boeing commercials / advertisements by the director. The exposed wiring connected by wire harnesses is central at best for home wiring, and even less for multi-million aircraft aircraft installations. 747 airplanes rely solely on pressure, not on marine oxygen, to keep air breathable, and if relying on supply on board, the tank would be far greater than the size of a hand. The medical tape is not a suitable replacement for the threaded hose connection. They were F-16, not F-15. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) is difficult to achieve on a static engine that starts to take off (see the flight speed indicator). The "standard formation" simply holds the formation within a nautical mile, the "routine" formation is what flew - it is not the most useful form for interception. "The purchase of a rocket lock" is unlikely to attract the pilots of the airline - they have no detection of radar or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not an inter-year communication to prepare for firing anything. Reducing the pressure from the opening of the door in the flight is not the basis for an immediate steep left bank. Screaming in the headset does not mean it is being transmitted. Magnetic titles are given as "headers" rather than "bearings", and the headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), So turning left (not "port"?) From the "bearings" from 618 to 502 is just stupid. In most cases it is impossible to just "turn the yoke down until the correct title is reached" ?? such a thing will result in a rolling of 360 degrees until the yoke is centered again. The probability that the stewardesses will immediately find and successfully incorporate the autopilot is just a little higher than the probability that it will surely lower the jet. The airplanes do not stop immediately after the withdrawal of the gas, and the 747 have more than one small lever to control the thrust of more engines. The covers are lowered in steps usually immediately before and immediately after the expiry of the trap, not a second before landing (a good way to crash). Brakes on wheels are required to stop the plane by simply pulling the gas (this time a different lever in the film) so that the empty walk can only be lowered from the end of the runway at slower speeds. Did I mention that these combat planes were F-16, not F-15? I suppose I did? And that's what I remember from the recent watching this horrible movie.
