French director Jean Rollin is not very well known for great films, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most interesting things in this production is the title. For a director who is well-known for directing erotic lesbians about lesbian vampires; it would be expected that the film with the label 'naked' in the title will be especially naked; but in fact, there are not many nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; we have a tremendous plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose troubles could keep the key and cult of suicide, which can not do much. The film begins with a promising line that sees a young girl wearing a mysterious crowd of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young French man who is also the son of a man of significance. Through her investigation, she soon reveals that this woman is not just a normal lady, and as she gets deeper into the cult; he discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, he drinks blood and can not go out on the day ... sounds like a clear case of a vampire for me. Jean Rollin maintains a fantasy atmosphere throughout the film, but this is not interesting because the plot is so executed. It is possible to keep pace with what is happening, but only because there are so many other films that follow similar actions. It seems that the director knows that he also screwed up planning, because the highlight is basically an excuse for explaining the film to the audience. And finally, the craft is drawn; but the movie would be better without it. I suppose it was an attempt by Jean Rollin to be a bit genuine, but it turns out to be an attempt to hurry at such a rather logical continuation of the story. Cinema is fairly neat, with a lot of action taking place at perfectly gothic locations. The girls on the boat complement what is fairly beautiful, and what Rollin's film lacks in logic and consistency somewhat compensates for the style. In defense of the film was made in 1969; which in some ways explains the lack of shocks, but I can not recommend this film because there is not much that should be pointed out.
