This overview may contain some SPOILERS. Just when you thought that they were no longer making them so bad, Rae Dawn Chong came together like a space fox and Villie Nelson as an Indian vitchdoctor! It's even worse when the factor influences that these two works are BETTER aspects of 'Starry Light', a movie that should be seen only for laughter. Chong is an alien who is sent to Earth to search for only the remaining half-races, partly human and part alien. Apparently, the Earth is in a bad state. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will turn into a polluted wasteland. By replicating DNA half-rays, a kind of alien race can save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, because the film leaves the impression that the world will be destroyed by the pollution caused by people. You would think that the Earth could only be saved if you were rid of the creatures that pollute without saving them! After all, it turns out that half-breed is Billy Virth, a man who lives in a small town in the southwest and is part of the Indians from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is a red-haired little girl and his grandfather Villie Nelson. Was it not a type of malaria that bombarded Carmen Electra with a bombed "Picker", such a urler? Chong came to his ship just as Virth nearly drowned after the engine got into the lake in an attack of recklessness, a result of breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word 'hugvash', Chong reveals his secret Virth, which for a moment is not surprised and spreads the word to Virth's family. Chong also encounters with Virt's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marbles over the years. This is because Virth's father was an alien who left her. Of course, he is a standard alien who conveniently chose this moment to come to Earth for Virth, so he can use Virth's DNA to make Earth's people slaves. His ridiculous attempts to exploit his telepathic powers and catch Virta sucks most of the time on the screen and represent the worst scene in the movie. Not only are they boring, but there are also scenes where you will most likely discover the flubs. Ideas could be good on paper, but they are handled here with the greatest glupost, especially in the mentioned alien scene. But the effects are the curse of the film. The introductory scene includes Chong on its spaceship, communicates with the superiors, someone we do not see, but communicates with Chong through a barrel emitting pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so they treat us as subtitles. The problem is that both Chong and her superiors look alike, and the director does not give you any indication of which of them actually speak at all times, which makes the whole conversation just nonsense. Space ship is the worst Hollywood effect on this side of Ed Wood movie. Now, I'm usually gentle on effects when I'm dealing with a low-budget movie like this one, but these effects really hit me. The most pronounced was the simplest: false night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost do not sound good. The most important moments in which Chong tells someone to come from the Pleiades, and we get a shot of seven stars. The thing is that the seven stars occupy half the night sky in the film, but each star knows that the Pleiades are a starry cluster between the Perseid stars and the Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the sky. These effects become so bad that your jaw will hang lower and lower at any moment. Be careful, because it will pass through the bottom of the finale when the effects of Villie Nelson turn into a human reflector and. . . Oh, that must be seen to be believed! Starlight, star light; The last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I want to; I do not have to watch this garbage anymore today. Zantarine result: 1 out of 10.
