Keep in mind: from various posts I see that there was an original silent version and a sound version of the same movie. I saw a sound version and it was aesthetic. Bearing in mind that some point to the fact that the original version lasted longer and without shit, my review must be read with that in mind. Although I know that Rene Clair has a wonderful reputation as a film maker, and Louise Brooks has a little cult tracking, it's largely technically poorly made movie. Although Hollywood has already switched to the sound regime around 1929, until the early to mid-30s, many well-known French films were basically silent films - with some dialogues and sound effects that were very bad at the top of the film. The lips' movements in many, and especially in this film, do not even come close to what is said and it would explain why an American like Ms. Brooks could make a French movie. This is only slim and I would rather have just made a silent movie - and as a silent movie it would be an average movie - with great work on the camera (sometimes) and some decent acting in a quiet style. Problem /> The problem that I found in the movie was an overly complicated plot. For a quiet morality around 1920, it would be good, but according to the standards of 1930, the shop is somewhat gray (it means "old" - not "slutty"). The lady wins the beauty contest and her cat's fiancé can not bear it. She temporarily rejects all this, but returns to a lifelong life and it means her end! A little melodramatic, huh? And also somewhat simplified and underdeveloped. Finally, the character of a bridegroom's friend (?) I found very disturbing and unreal. He looked like Harold Lloyd and spent most of the movie to abuse him and chose a friend and everyone else. Having taken this during the entire film and did not come to a resolution, his character seemed superfluous and treatment received a malicious ghost. Should the audience laugh when he was abused? It seems to me that that's what I mean and I do not like it at all. There are FAR better French films of that age (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fannie, Regain and others) as well as better nemes movies. I just can not understand the high rating of this movie.
