This film begins with promising, with an early scene in which Frank Morgan advises Garry Cooper with his daughter, Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, playing a carefree gold digger, loudly complains Cooper of his perceived poverty in the hands of his family - including his daughter, Anita Luiz. I am the lover of all 3 actors. Frank Morgan is (in my opinion) Hollywood treasure, Cooper is a legend, and Louise is a very beautiful, versatile and insufficiently respected actress rarely seen in the main role. I also have nothing against Teresa Vright, and although she is not blessed with a large range, she usually delivers performances that warm the heart. From the promising opening, the story glides downhill all the way to the end. I did not find anything funny about burning the home of Cooper's tales. Butler in such a picky, non-smoker household would never just walk away foolishly, allowing Cooper to continue smoking, or otherwise provide him with means to store cigarettes. Moreover, no one with any common sense allowed himself to keep the inflamed cigarette without looking for some disposal agents. And in the end, nobody in the healthy mind does not crush the cigarette in the wipes and put it in your pocket! This whole series just made Coopera stupid and stupid. It's a poor invention - sick and recorded in a way that causes ridicule, not laughter. The coercive medical examination of Coopera is equally fictitious. No one is allowed to undergo a complete medical examination without notice of his purpose or consent! If Cooper did so, he was too removed from reality to be ridiculous - it's absurd! Stealing a baby from hospitals is a serious legal offense, and this also must not be laughed at. Finally, Cooper's exaggerated, neurotic attention to feeding and the weight of his baby may have affected the nerves of several people who have experienced concerns about their own newborns. But for me they only look tired and slow. The wardrobe and support departments went top in those scenes, while paradoxically, the script writer went to bed. Lines are simply not in the script for generating humor. They simply miss all the cylinders. Laughter is not a mile in a minute, but more like a light-years. The only time a movie has any energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is on the camera. The scene that is completely lost is when Cooper's love interests and their fathers are locked in the same hotel together. Somewhere in this mine there is probably a rich vein of humor, but none of them has been extracted. At the end, one of the two very cute girls will be hurt. Predictably, it's Anita Louise's face, who is condemned to her future wedding night! Although not on the camera, it's her destiny, and it's not particularly funny - even as a loose end. She did not do anything in this movie to make me unconvincing (unlike Gail Patrick, say, in My Favorite Vife). Accordingly, I expected (perhaps "hoping" is a better word in the context of the film!) To make Anita Louise happy in the end. The fact that such a good character is essentially destroyed at the end of the film really undermines the effect of a "happy end" for Cooper and Worth. I was constantly waiting for something to happen, for a witty dialogue so characteristic of films of that time ... And it never was delivered. Frank Morgan's good performance in a somewhat different role here is completely lost.
