I understand that bringing the novel to the big screen is always problematic. It's the only positive thing I can say about this really terrible adaptation. Have you read 'Wise Blood?' It's a great book. Flanners O'Connor wrote about the South as no one else. She was a southerner, a pious Catholic and an extremely talented writer. In her first novel, she bound a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, suspicion and redemption with a freakish sense of humor and surprising equilibrium. The characters in the book may look uninvited to those who did not live in the rural south, but they can make sure that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and worries as anyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she did not wander to these wild fanatics - she saw in them a beautiful action of what she would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, disturbing circumstances. Reading the 'Wise Blood' should be washed away with the feeling of fear and coming to ruin. Finally, we should think long and hard about our judgments and prejudices - our overall view of the world. None of this comes to the adaptation of Ginston's Gilligan's Island Giant's. No one. It's a farce. Poor farce. The whole film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach. Operation is poor, southern accents are fake and offensive. Film makers do not show an insight into the thinking of religious southerners. Ms. O'Connor's intensive prose is reduced to jokes and a cheap amateur theater. Soundtrack is a mixture of silliness hay and Clockvork Orange's cheese electronics style that does not fit in the story or even in the movie. I got a free entrance to this movie and I almost got out. Indeed, it's really terrible. As a party, I do not agree with Ms. O'Connor's religious attitudes, and while I grew up in the deep south, many years ago I headed north and I did not look back. However, the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (just like every other place on earth), and the cartoon ridicule that the South Africans and their attitudes deal with this film borders on the offensive. If you are insulted (which I am not), then this film that is definitely beyond the boundary. I do not like to talk about the work of the artist - John Huston was a man I did not know and I'm sure he was an honest and talented film maker, as evidenced by his prominent place in the history of the film. My gaze is obviously distorted by the fact that I read (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I do not claim to come from any other perspective. Perhaps as a single film he works for a cinema. But for the fans of Flannery O'Connor - and, I would add, for the confident southern and open individuals of all lines - this film is a waste of time.
