except for the fact that there are crazy people and there are religious nuts there. Characters generally do not make much sense for most of the time. The film has no real beginning, middle or not ending, nor has it ever been explained much. The film begins with a young man, with the incredible name Hazel Motes, who is apparently returning from the army. Riding to the house in two floors which is in extreme condition, the windows are embedded. He enters the house, walks around and finally writes the message he leaves there. This scene of nothing and nothing more about learning about the house or its history. Never explains exactly who this house is, or where people have left, but we are given the impression that Hazel probably lived there for a while. Hazel decides to go to town. Why - we do not know. When he arrives in this city he writes the name and address he sees on the bathroom wall and goes to visit this woman, which is a surprising fat whore. He sees it for some time, and then it is obvious that he no longer sees it. Like everything else in this movie, it does not come to nothing and does not serve the purpose. A young man named Enoch, trying to be his friends, but Hazel is not really interested, although he is constantly crossing the tracks. br /> Enoch is crazy as you can get. One of his habits is to go to the zoo and stand in front of the cage where the chimpanzees are and to speak offensive to them. We never know why Enoh behaves the way he behaves, or why Hazel behaves. as he did, in addition to the fact that Hazel had overdosed the old, frightening, fundamentalist religion through her grandfather. Enoch later delighted with the man who dressed in the gorilla suit and managed to get the gorilla suit from him and then run around. Hazel, who is pretty tight and looks like he is in constant border rage, makes some street preaching. I had the impression that it was trying to free the untruth of the religion that had been penetrated into it. He has several encounters with the preacher and his daughter, although their interactions never actually do anyhow. In the end, Hazel is subject to complete religious gossip and begins self-determination. It's a very weird movie. Interestingly, this is unusual, but apart from that there is absolutely nothing to do with it. Actors perform an extraordinary job, but this movie completely fails to provide either a point of view or a story. > The film also throws characters around the letter N from time to time without having to do with the rest of the dialogue. 2 stars
