Oh, my God, I give this film three stars out of ten for the following reasons. the final sequence was again completely effectively solved and was absolutely hilarious. That's what it gets for these three points. Besides, it was terrible. It did not mean to be funny, it's so obvious, but synchronization, acting under the name, the dialogue they spoke, where it's often funny. actions that are performed and / or not performed also lead to great joy and / or throwing things on the screen. like when the whole town and a small group of people stand on the balcony watching as if watching a glass for cooking, or an "attempt" to escape from the church in which they are being demolished. <evil mayor: I think something is going on outside so you need to go up and look out the window. Hero: ok. The evil mayor: now it's my chance that an idiot exits outdoors and malleters around with a fire that is completely ineffective and gets hacked. Insert the order in which this is happening. Evil mayor: curse, wait, I'll get this little kid and she will walk out and cry pappa seemingly vile on the fact that these corrupted corpses are not just freaky strangers but they are actually zombies without meat or skin or anything and she'll take them and I'll take them and I'll run away! insert the order in which this happens. Junak (above): trying to escape again, fool, and he left the open door, he is silly, this is a nice look. > Woman: Where is my daughter? Heroj (now down): I do not know, I can not see her anyway, and she was not out there, because I could not see her, even though she went out there and I looked over the whole area, and she stands right outside, where could it be? Needless to say, everyone would throw things on the screen after 10 minutes. So, watch the first movie with a few friends, drinking a few drinks, and make sure that by the time you watch this, you are absolutely blindly drunk and you can just laugh at the stupidity of all that. And it was not even decent up there, such a shame.
