Below is a little spoiler, which could ruin the surprise of ONE Unexpected and really funny scenes in this movie. There are also information about the first film from this series. I caught this movie on a DVD, which someone gave as a gift to my roommate. He came as a set along with his first film in the Blind Dead series. This film was certainly much worse than the first, "La Noche del Terror Ciego". In addition, many features of the first movie have been significantly changed. For start-up, the movie was synchronized in English (the first was titlovan), which usually draws me off. The concept of the series is that in the distant past the local branch of templars was involved in abominable and secret rituals. Upon the discovery of these crimes, local peasantry killed templars in such a way that their eyes can no longer be used, preventing them from returning from hell to retaliate. Then we move to a modern time where, due to some event, Templars appear from the dead in order to avenge the villagers whose ancestors have ruined them at all. Of course, since the undead knights have no eyes, they can find their victims only when they make some kind of noise. The Templars were a secret order, about the twelfth century, which emerged from the Crusades. They were here only about 150 years before the Pope and others pushed them back in the early 1300s. Since they were mysterious, there were always rumors about their ceremonies, especially for initiation. Also, because of the way the society was organized, you did not necessarily have church officials who oversaw things, which meant they did not have an inner man when things got warm. And because of the nature of their trials, they were tortured in confessions. Red was the strongest in France, but it existed in Portugal and Spain, where films are taking place. Where the first film had innocence, and the knights drank blood directly from the virgin's body (of course, this is a horror film), and then, when the knights return to life, they attack their victims by they eat them alive and suck their blood; In this sequel, all this disappears. You still have the same scene (redone, not the same shot) of sacrificing them to the virgin, but they take the blood in the bowl and drink it. So, when they return, they only hack people with their swords or claws to death, which I must say is a much less effective means of harassing your audience. There is also a problem of time: in the first film dating is much closer to the templars, where they now say that it is the 500th anniversary of the peasants who burned these guys at the stake, which could be found around 1473. that Templars lost their eyes much less interesting. In the first they were hit by crows. Now they are simply burnt out, and it's pretty funny. Oh yes, and maybe it was just me, but it seemed that there are many people from the first movie that appear in this movie (although he died). It's not a problem, because the film is completely different and is not a continuation in terms of continuation, it is unusual. The highlight of this movie is a rich colleague who uses a child to repel the dead while he makes a break for a jeep. The father of the child was already mastered by this rich man to try to get to the jeep, so he leaves and tells her to find her father. It comes a bit unusual and it's easy to be the most fun scene in the movie. Of course, why the child does not die at this time is beyond me, and disappointed by fans of horror. I would not be able to recommend this movie to anyone. It's not so bad that it gets ridiculous, so it ends the central horror movie. Most of the film has several people hiding in the church, each of them making various attempts to do it alone to avoid the blind dead who surrounded them. When the film is over, you are not surprised by the outcome in general; in fact, quite disappointed. If you are in the news of watching a Spanish horror movie, take a look at the first film, which at least has some innovative ideas and not so expected results.
