The film is immersed in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this movie turns out to explore deep problems, but it succeeds in stereotypes and prejudices; with little true insight. What people in the film (and therefore the writer) failed to see was grace. They did not realize that God is the author of beauty and He is the Creator of Passion and Sexual Satisfaction in the Right Context of Marriage. To be sure that people in the society in which the story is based believes that nakedness is sinful, and a man and woman who enjoy a marriage is dirty, it's just an over-simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, because even the Jewish scriptures clearly speak of a caring wife who will seek the satisfaction of her wife before his. The letter says that a man should love his wife as his own body and that no one ever hates his body, but feeds and nourishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and characters completely ignore that there are passages such as the Song of Solomon in the Old Testament, and even the Book of Proverbs which says: "Rejoice the wife of her youth, let her breasts always satisfy you! can this be read in any way other than God knows, and approves, and smiles about the marital community and enjoying it? True men do not ignore the value and needs of their women. Those who deny the basic teaching of the Jewish / Christian religion God never said these things. It's absurd. Sonia s She rebelled because of the misapplication of the teachings of the true God of Abraham, and it should not have been so.How sad, what Sonia desperately needed was the truth, not the tradition.In the knowledge, love and obedience to God, we love others more; is the faith of God Abraham, Isaac, James, and Joseph, once for all delivered to the saints, bought and paid by Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But well, ignore all this and leave the ancient sacred scripture and address the wisdom of the homeless and spirits. That's a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; partly because sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it does not really provide any valuable insights. See "Ientl" if you want to see much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition in opposition to society.
