In his first scenario, based on his short story "Turn around", Villiam Faulkner brings a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice and truly strange relationships. The story was originally only about Tone, Ioung and Cooper characters, but MGM had to put Joan Cravford in another image to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner committed himself to creating a female role. Crawford insisted that her lines be written in the same cropped style as her co-stars' Young and Tons, which leads to a lot of unintentional joy as these three communicate in a telegraphic stenography that sounds like a Monty Pithon sketch ("Vuthering Heights") into a traffic light ). Seriously, almost completely unspoken sentences are made by Ernest Hemingway, read as Henry James. The film also reflects some of the famous Faulkner's themes, with an almost unnatural close relationship between brother and sister (as can be found in his "Shrine" and elsewhere). When Ioung proposes to Cravord, in Tone's presence, instead of the binding ring, ALL THREE exchange their childhood with the engraved ring. The intimacy of Tone and Ioung, especially when they go to their Thelma & Louise fate, is noticeable. Frankly, it's creepy. It's not so creepy for this New Yorker, however, as a theme that is constantly repeated by massive cockroaches, Vellington, which Cravford cheerfully grips (and shown over the hand - I had to turn it around!) and Young turns into a gladiator. Blech. When it says, there are some good performances. The young are particularly concerned with the scene in Cooper's combat aircraft, and Roscoe Carnes is as beautiful as Cooper's flying friend. Tone, despite his inability to express himself through a realistic dialogue, has a beautiful moment, removing his own hidden tears over the fate of his young friend. Cravford, devoid of meaningful dialogue, usually comes as a wooden or melodramatic, which is quite a balancing act for one role. Battle - not surprisingly, for the movie Havard Havks - the most exciting part of the whole picture. But it's not enough. As far as I'm concerned, this is 75 minutes of my life, I will never return.
