So amazed with this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and embarrassed by the manner in which the Puertorians are shown. This documentary did not talk about the Puertorika culture. It's about Nuioricans culture. Puertoricans and Nuioricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and do not need to be generalized to the population of Puerto Rican. Rosie, before you make a documentary, you have to do research. You also need to check that your sources are credible. The Puerto Rican people are not all loud and have a class, which the documentary was missing to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on Viev and Rosie at Martha Stevart, I was very excited about watching. I even made sure that my parents know that they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes I could not believe that the documentary broke the US and forced the Puerto Rican people to look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You have to go to Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not the third country in the world in which more than 50% of the population lives in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and famous universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping malls (the Biggest Kmart and JCPennei I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, Church Churches, Auto Express and restaurants just to mention a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population. Puerto Rican culture deals with family, music, food, celebration and attempts to move forward, not backward. Oh, and new relatives do not show up or where. No, it's not Puerto Rico's thing, it's a thing in the ghetto. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican descent who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see what Puerto Rico is. They will see his beauty, people and culture. Please, do not show them this documentary because they will only blur their minds with negativity. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will only make people from Puerto Rican look strangers. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just so you know!
