You have to respect this movie. It can be "just a stupid baby movie," but this is the most often requested title of a movie in online movie forums that are looking for people who remember the story, but I can not remember the title. Therefore, what follows is a much needed, detailed description of the parcel, since I have not been able to find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. Typical two-story house is shown in the suburbs. Seven-year-old Bridget tells of suspicions that something is happening because she and her 11-year-old brother, Andrew, receive gifts from their parents for no obvious reason. Bridget's presence is filled with a penguin who immediately calls Sweet Villiam. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a sister who takes care of the grandmother, a grumpy grandmother, who makes sock puppets, and brother Andrew, who deals with electronics and is crazy. Grams are accidentally lowered by a lieutenant-governor, indicating that she is bothered while living with her family. Two children eat breakfast while adults talk about transferring Gran into a retirement home. Bridget makes a horrible sandwich with pancakes containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, as Andrev looks in disbelief. Two children then talk about Grams, and Andrev openly says that Grams "go out on pasture". Bridget talks to Gram on the attic, has a tea bowl with Sweet Villiam in her bedroom, then a live doll pops up unexpectedly out of the mirror in the bedroom. Bridget and live doll meet each other. The curly living female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins is hiding under the laundry when Bridget's mother comes, then the mother throws the laundry into the washing machine with Huggins. Bridget saves Huggins and dries her hair dryer. They talk about the problem of aging Grams and the need to move away, says Huggins, Bridget could talk about it with a bookmaker in Huggaland because she knows everything. They walk through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is put in a mirror. Instead of walking with one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. Immediately meet Hughes, a curly doll in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hughes a baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tveaker, and all the dolls sing the song while sitting on the bridge. Hughes takes Bridget and Huggins into his hugwagon to see the book moth, who lives on top of gigantic books. A bookmaker is consulting with the "old encyclopedia" and believes that age can be cured by eating the fruit of a "young tree". However, there is only one such tree, and it is located in the country of Slipping, ruled by the queen queen. The only way to travel to snooping is to jump down the deep hole in the nearby huge book. Bridget and two dolls swallow three times, jump down the hole and drop out. Soon they walk, hear the sea break and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They encounter a "hairy giant", which looks like a mastodont, has four tusks and breathes fire from its trunk. But Hughes bravely crosses and throbs the giant, which in this way turns into an elephant baby whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the spell of the queen, and owed Hughes a favor, so everyone is riding to Hodgepodge back to the castle. They enter the castle, surrounded by trololic beings, the queen (Admira queen) comes, and Bridget seeks a few cubs. The queen refuses, then eats for herself, and boasts her youthful look as she looks in the hand mirror. Hodgepodge is out of control when the queen says she needs to digest. The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that the evil witches should have nipples so that the queen froze Bridget and orders the three others to be taken to the prison. But the queen leaves the key from the dome of a young tree with a lock to the appliance to lift the dome. and so free yourself and two dolls with him. They think Bridget stands petrified, the dolls are hugged, causing Bridget to revive. Before she escapes, Bridget finds a left-behind the key from the dome of a young tree, raises the dome, and selects some great young men and puts them in a jar. The queen caught them, but the king's hand was trapped under the lowered dome as she hit the key Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly turns into an old one, because the berry that gives the young is lost and seems to be dying. Soon Bridget returns through the mirror to his bedroom, but travels at the bottom of the mirror, pours the berries on the floor, and the berries quickly disappear in the smoke, one by one. Her mother calls her and Andrev to forgive Grams, who goes to the retirement home. Andrev releases his usual sagacious façade and embraces Grams, telling her that she loves and does not want her to leave. Their father moved, and decided to keep the Grams still, and everyone hugged and cried, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pushed Gram to move. Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how she gave it to Huggins from Huggalanda, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he believes are fantasy stories, so he turns and searches in his bedroom. One of the dolls secretly returns the cap through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the hat on Andrew's head, Andrew is confused, and leaves his bedroom without saying anything. Bridget gestures with a mirror.
