I had a lot of hope when I heard it was made in 2001, because I read "Devil and Danijela Webster" when I was a kid and I thought it was very interesting. They made some changes in a story that does not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster was a well-known lawyer from Nev Hampshire. The film is an editor. The lawyer makes more sense because he ends with the introduction of Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was the man in the story, but he was a woman in the film) in the trial where both of their souls are on the line. As an editor, Daniel Webster is not likely to be able to do so. The acting was decent from everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dana Aikroids. These are two actors I like, they have just done a terrible job in this movie. As if they thought they were acting in comedy, but the film was more serious than comedy. This can be partly due to the fact that the film was captured with a special vision in mind, and then re-arranged by someone else. Bearing in mind this fact, it is surprising that it was at all coherent. I was surprised that I saw a considerable number of SNL members in the film, which further states that I believe it was originally shot with the intention of being more comedian. All in all I must say that it was not so terrible, but it was not very good. If I could get an hour and a half back and do something else with him, I would. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Vebster defeats the devil at trial. Then Jabez starts at the beginning of the film ... literally, we are just returning to the first scene with Jabez, and then the film ends suddenly. In fact, it seemed as if they had just listened to Jabez's first scene and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez benefits from any knowledge or experience he has gained, so who will say that he has not repeated his mistakes again, and perhaps several times in the endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and it did not make much sense. The competent acting and acting of all, except Baldwin and Aikroids, are the only things that prevent this from being complete and total sandwich.
