I got this on DVD 10 CURSE OF THE DEAD. You have to love those cheap packs. Even if they do not have real remastering, restoration and all that hoo-ha, and movies are mostly in full-frame pan and scanning format, one can not deny that there are always several gems involved. And by "jewels," I think there are always good shots that can be seen, especially if films from the '70s, when the Mansion Madness is. My copy is called Mansion Madness, but when the title screen turns Poe's dr. It does not matter, really, shit is shit, is not it? Yes! But telling this movie is totally worthless and not true. There are some funk elements here and there, and it is obvious that the film had a decent budget. The starting title of the title is cool with a color negatives through the inexpensive appearance of the TV. Dialogue is always hilarious. Near the beginning of the movie, a horse and a wheelchair driver goes out to launch a dead stump in the middle of the road. "WHAT IS POWERED!" says our hero. It's funny, then, that this guy would not be able to fight the wacky logs later when they come to make a weird party. You will completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he eventually appeared in the end. This is how these characters are remembered. The best part about the Mansion of Madness, however, has to be an unbridled music and a kiss that good guys have to endure. It's like a bad cartoon music that a three-year-old could enjoy. And why are all weird slapsticks? I would say that my fave had to be for a moment when horses and crazy people were embroiled in an ambush of forest freaks when they dragged the stupid domestic homemaker with a stick in the middle of the road and stopped. What the hell? Oh ieah, there are plenty boobies to see, too, for those of you who dig such things. Boobies, bad dialogue and crazy music. That's the best sum Mansion of Madness for me. It's well worth the look at one point, and it can be a lot better if you have a couple of drinks or whatever. I can not say that it was ever boring to watch, but I can not deny that it is cocoa. Like Magical Mystery Tour, but with complication, but not. Hmm. And I'm g. Chicken PVNZ.
