Was it a comedy or a drama? I'm starting this review by asking this question because the movie I just saw Hollivood Shuffle was neither funny nor dramatic. Though it has worked so hard to emphasize, due to the lack of definition (comedy or drama), smart topics and highlights are lost. Although I firmly believe that too much racial profiling occurs in Hollywood, even today, I do not believe that Tovnsend's directorial debut has done much to stop. Instead, I feel that she just added more fuel to the fire. Tovnsend's comic timing in this film was catastrophic due to the fact that the elements that were supposed to be washed up, instead promoted and vice versa. Parts that were supposed to be serious, somehow destroyed the poor lack of funny comedy. Tovnsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately execution is what ultimately hurts this movie. If you're watching a preview before the movie (which I'm working on), you'll get the wrong impression about what you'll see right away. The review gives an impression of a very intelligent, comedy movie that is proud of the intelligence of viewers, but in reality the film can not be further from the truth. The main problem with Hollivood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks elaboration); It's Tovnsend's direction. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Use Hollivood to take advantage of our race. A decent idea, but why could not it have done well? The first reason is that his ideas are too coincidental and sporadic. The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor in a hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Tovsend had a lot to say, but only a short time to do it. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his own themes, and actually making a smart movie, he just throws all together and begs to work. Unfortunately, it's not. Instead of intelligent comedy, we have a lot of ideas, comedy sketches and insufficient actors to make this film from a decent to almost inconceivable. What Towsonsend hurts most is his short, attempt to be ridiculous, interrupted during the film. From the fight against a criminal known as Jerry Curl to the parody of Siskel & Ebert, Tovnsend's attempt to entertain himself while talking about the film industry's collapse. This is because these little interrupted skates actually draw attention from the central focus of the film and actually destroy it internally. Though Towsonsend seems to be trying to laugh about life in Hollivood, he actually simply connects every stereotype and cliché in a book. What could have been a beautiful satire turns into simple generic humor that is never completely separate from the rest. So, if you do not dare to humor this story, there may be some comfort in knowing that some of the Vaians brothers are there to help spice up this boring story. VRONG! The Vaians are in this film, but Tovnsend shows that he has the ability to even make the worst even in this entertaining family. Definitely in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something that needed to be constantly improved. Maybe it was Tovnsend's direction, or maybe just this terrible story, but these typically ridiculous comedians were obviously underused and ignored when it comes to critics of this film. I just thought that the talent that Tovsend had to draw from Hollivood Shuffle was a funny, bright and genuine stab of this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was none of the above. In the end, I would like to say that this was an effective film. There were moments (while they were few and far) who had a smile on my face, the final product did not fit well. Tovnsend may be ridiculous, but in this film he felt like playing against himself, instead of through his own personal experiences and problems. I realize he probably was telling the truth, but he never came to that. Instead, we go through a bad story, supported by idiotic flash pics that may have worked for the sitcom, but they certainly did not work for this movie. Even for those who commented that this was his directorial debut and that he learned from this film, I would have to disagree. If you are starting fresh, either you have a hidden script or defined topics. Tovnsend had none of them, and in combination with the inability to control his actors, he simply fell into the flame ball. It reminded me of Spelling Bee Elementary School where your child's final time is. The word is heavy, but as the first two to three letters go out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there are those random "P" and silent "R" that force your excitement to crash. That's how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the theme and motif of the picture, but through the vague and inexperienced technique even after the first few scenes, I experienced this deep-fall feeling. Tovnsend sank his ship to this, and I do not think that Hollivood Shuffle will ever again immerse itself as a key moment of the Hollywood movie. Rate: * from *****
