After a lively, if possible foreseeable opening of a bank robbery, 'Set It Off' steeps straight into the groove and continues to sink. This is a movie that deals with nasty, nasty stereotypes in place of characters, meaningless manipulation instead of coherent planning, and a repulsive cocktail of playful sentimentality and free violence instead of thought, wit, or feeling. In short, it does not differ from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly sad example of contemporary film. Presenting itself as a celebration of 'sistahood', the film is in fact a celebration of the most cruel forms of humiliation of the African-American 'gangsta' stereotypes. This trick is that gangs carry a nose. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is the default identity for all Afro-Americans who are cash-related or feel a little bit of annoyance by Man, he presents his sisters as shallow materialists who reward money and bling over everything. Worse, 'Set It Off' exploits racial discrimination and inconvenience only as a means of supporting its poor plot structure. Serious social issues related to race are fictional and opportunistic, in order to justify armed robbery, and then abolish as soon as the film has to produce the inevitable conventional ending in which the crime is punished, it turns out that the LAPD is a bunch of caring liberals (say Rodney King) and aspiring 'Good', Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the road to the upward movement from the 'hood' and into the world of self-esteem the middle class was opened by a boy from the buppie bank manager. 'Set It Off' illustrates the terrible state of contemporary blakploitation film, encouraging foolish gangsters and pretending to celebrate life in the hood while despising it all the time. While 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s may have sold stereotypes and worked out well-tangled complications, they had freshness, energy and innocence that hit the audience of all races and still makes them entertaining to watch. 'Set It Off' would not be worth it to be angry if it was not a symptom of the tragic decay and ghettoization of the Afro-American film from the promising days of the early nineties.
