We all knew before it was broadcast, the mini series Ron Moore was not Battlestar Galactica. It is okay. It just means that it must stand alone. It can not rely on Battlestar Galactica. If it's good, it's good at its merits, and Ron Moore has something to be proud of. If the reports are true, that's what Moore wanted. However, if his mini-series rot, he embarrassed all the great actors who appeared on the screen, not to mention the innumerable people who are not on the screen. And that's what he did. Yes, this mini series is not a remake. I would not even call it imagination. It's a new production, inspired by Battlestar Galactica. It does not take place in the Galactica universe, with the same places and jargon and technology. Do not talk about the search for the Galactic for the 13th tribe. Nor does it rely on legends and mysteries that have supported Galactica. Mini-series Rona Moora is a space opera, an action movie with a ceremonial climate towards Battlestar Galactica. Because as plots leave, it's a little original, or even interesting. I could get you the whole thing without warning for the spoiler. But I will not do it to you. I'll just hit the most important point. Ready now? Here it is: just watch the trailer. He will tell you everything in the story. Yes, human creations turn to man and want to destroy man. (I suppose they've forgotten Azim's rules again.) They look like people, so there's a whole thing with strangers. At least there is no time travel. Oh, and many fighting scenes and random acts of sex and violence. The end result was that when Moore pulled out of Galactica, that ceremonial nodding, he turned out more elated than honored. I mean, could not he come up with anything from his own? From the first few minutes, I wanted to look something else. I did not care about Moore's character either, because I could not identify with either of them. This fact hit me in the face when Cylons started attacking. Armageddon on a planetary scale, and I did not care. How depressing. Morove heroes when faced with an insurmountable obstacle, instead of overcoming it, sprinkled the tail and saved their own asses. After all, it was the only way to save mankind, iadda iadda iadda. They went out in a safe way, rather than risking their lives to defend others. At least disgust is not apathy. Ultimately, the mini-series Ron Moore was just an activity for no purpose, a movie on the track for running, forever running, but nowhere. And I just wanted it done. And while it was over, my life force was drained from me. Against my will, I turned into a foolish, soulless zombie, probably from the kind that this mini-series would like. I had to fill up. I had to - and I swear it was true - I had to watch the episode of Babylon 5. The two episodes, in fact, I felt much better. And happier.
