Do not you hate when ordering a steak, but the restaurant gives you chicken? So I felt watching the so-called "Battlestar Galactica". Arguments can be placed above its quality, but the fact remains, this is not what the fans have done. Imagine sitting in the restaurant I mentioned. You've been waiting for years to bring their famous New York Strip steak that you loved. When your meal arrived, you found that they used the name "New York Strip" for chicken. Sorry, but the waiter just says, "But you are cheeken, you are really good"! Do you really care that the chicken is good? You Wanted New York Strip - STEAK! The waiter then explains, "You Zee Zir, what did the chef want you to do, as you are doing, zomusing NEV. You are wondering if you will ever find the original New York Strip on the menu in the future, but you are informed that because the restaurant has a meal With the name "New York Strip" now on the menu, you'll never see the original New York Strip - Such is the case with creating something new and slapping the "Battlestar Galactica" name on it. <br /> <br / > * This mini series is an insult to all lovers of the original shov! * It is a pity that the production team is in charge of this new the version apparently kept contempt for the original. The team responsible for the resurrecting BG should have liked the original series - in an effort to improve what the fans liked, rather than trying to shamelessly sell this new series by exploiting the name of Galactic, to show us the new show, then DO, give her a new name! Do not use a name we remember in an attempt to lure the viewers. That practically takes away the chance to see any kind of look of the original in the future. We waited 25 years to see what we know as BG because we loved something about the original! We did not just want IME and the rest of the basic concept. There are things we liked in the original series! Unfortunately, probably the BEST elements of the original were those that were omitted. Of course, the original BG was incomplete and could use some update. This mini-series, however, was not an improvement in any way, but special effects (which were good but not unusual according to today's standards). Many viewers will discuss the quality of this NEW show, but we will not forgive SciFi and Ron Moore for destroying our dreams. When this is said ... I will offer some comments on the merits of this new mini by itself (not compared to the original): Battles were the best. Effort was obviously put into making the effects of "realistic" phenomena and less "vow - look at that effect". I would not say that these sequences were exceptional according to today's standards, but they were in line with original films made for cables. What was the deal with this "pseudo-live-cam"? Some views have tried to fake the effect of a "real" camera with backward tracking and tense zooming. However, it was used too much since there was no apparent SOURCE of these cameras. The infinitely more intelligent series, Babylon 5, is the only case that I saw such "cameras" being used effectively when we allegedly witnessed the action from security cameras. Script, you are wondering? The script seemed to be written by a teenager, FOR other teenagers. The characters felt cardboard and stereotyped. Indeed, the whole story was composed of other known stereotypes. The only good features of the whole story are those elements that are preserved from the original series. Obviously, he was "confused" about digesting your average TV audience. Human interaction was poor. Instead of a drama based on subtle looks, expressions and fine weather, every moment of human tension was exaggerated to the extent that it was so obvious that they had lost all the ability to move any refined viewer. This was evident in every interaction between Adam and his son. The director must have been trying to make sure that the dumbest and insensitive viewer does not miss him, even if he does not pay attention. I'm sorry, but the real people do not act like a constant one. I would not think about the BAD shov had his own. Nothing great; they will never be respected by true fans of the SciFi or craftsmen, but they will be able to watch the masses. Personally, I could live without it. I was just looking at him to see how he really grabbed the spirit of the original. As this mini-series will always be remembered, it's a symbol that the quality of the storytelling is discarded to attract more numbers. As even the SciFi Channel "turned off" its productions to take care of the masses, unlike its real niche, fans of science fiction. That's the time we were looking for a steak and they insisted on giving us chicken, despite our complaints. <br /> <i> I leave you only one thought - NO "MOORE". <br /> <br />
