Rating: 4 out of 10 As this mini-series was approaching, and we were aware of it for the past six months, while the Sci-Fi channel continued to wake up its broadcasts with BG ads, I admit I felt a growing discomfort as I learned more. As with any work in cinema, who has endured some test of time, different people go to him to see different things. In that sense, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For some it's a chromium warrior with an oscillating red light in the visor. For others, this is the inclination they had for special effects that were quite evolutionary for their time. Many forget about the state of special effects during the late 70's, especially on television. For some memories, they disperse the story. Others still remember the relationship that relations alone helped to overcome the challenges they face. Honestly, I come from another group. The Battlestar Galactica core was the people who were gathering to save themselves from the evil empire. Yes, evil. Cylons had nothing to gain except the extermination of the human race, but they did it. As the base stars rotated, men and women gathered to confront an enemy with almost unlimited resources, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because they had better technology, or more firepower. They survived because they were worried and trusted each other in order to move to the next show. The emission had its flaws, and sometimes it was also skeptical, but they were the people you care about. > <Br /> It seems that the writers of this current performance never understood it. In a way, he took at least a significant part of the original performance, the character's name and the story of a personal story, and created what they called nothing less than the rediscovery of television science fiction. Since this was their goal, one can estimate how much they achieved: failure. It was far from being rediscovered. In fact, this in many ways was one of the most viable efforts of science fiction for a long time. It is borrowed freely from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5, and even Battlefield Earth. I consider it an unfortunate case. Ronald D. Moore has contributed to popular science fiction for more than a decade and has contributed to some of the most popular television science fiction stories you can hope to see them. One of the difficulties he seemed to have been that there was no conflict in the crew of the D & E bridge. This was the undisputed rule of Roddenberi ST: LPG. Like many others who lived according to the rules of others who then used every opportunity to violate the rules when they no longer are under that authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned under the renowned Science Fiction Teacher: Gene Roddenberrie. Instead of writing the best possible story, he created a dysfunctional role, as I have ever seen with the intention of creating as much as possible a conflict. Apart from being dysfunctional, some of them were not even the least convincing. Anyone who has ever been in the army knows that someone unscrupulously struck a superior officer would not only get a couple of days in "hacking", they could have been executed, and never would have gone out the next day. This would not have happened, especially during the war. What I remembered most of Ran Moore's earlier works was that he was the one who killed Captain James Kirk. He killed captain Kirk and, unfortunately, killed Battlestar Galactica.
