Yesterday I saw the other part. And I must say that it was better than the first one. At the beginning I realized that this is actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like old movies and the series Galactica, because the Cylons looked like toasters (as mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless to the old galactic. This film turns sides - People are harmless, but the entire film was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, such as the story of a "computer expert" - completely shitty. If I were a scriptwriter, I would have left him to die in his house, killed by a cylinder. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, if you were bombarded by 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT?) Nuclear, they would be dead killed by radiation. And how is it possible that a large fleet of cylinders was completely hidden before the attack? Yeah, it's probably a computer virus that created a Cylinder - probably the script was probably written by a ten-year-old boy. The good side of the movie is that people are eventually defeated !! Really defeated, the population is close to extinction (children are dying - two times explicit in the film: 1. a baby, maybe a month and a girl at the age of ten - what kind of violence ...). Poor donkeys have won and I think it is the first time in such a film about the galaxy. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not just the humanoid cylinder :-) a good deal with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both - human and cylindrical. Human ships are a good version of the old ones. And galactica - really nice with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, just design is not enough. The act was very bad, the entire action was expected (only two things were not - human-cylinder on the scolders and human-cylinder in the end). not a film error). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie for the series, but who would record such a series? What would that be? One star for design is the second for almost extinction of mankind.
