This film is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. The art of video boxes places him as a "fun return" to big 1950s movie bugs. In reality, it is a transparent undertaking of "aliens". The manufacturers obviously wanted to create an image "ALIEN", but they did not need to have much money. In fact, it does not look like they have ANYONE money, really. I hope that all paid people who worked on this thing. The basic plot is retained - a group of people isolated with a killer insectoid creature - and the earthly site is inserted for budget reasons, I suppose. Instead of placing a movie in space, where no one can hear you screaming, they set up a movie at the hospital, where everyone can see your budget bounced. The fun thing about the "Blue Monkey" (and there's only one thing that's fun about it) is that the filmmakers have not left the "ALIEN" aesthetics. Although we are in the hospital, we still have an incredible cavernous annex where experiments from science fiction are performed, in this case an honorary device of the "growth hormone". The annex also serves as a boiler room (or something like that), so we can have an explanation for a monster looking for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is covered with multilayer steel catwalks, perfect for leaving the slime to drip between slats. The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse attacks a relaxed flower from a rare importing plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches him and says "This," so we know he's hurt. A cut on his finger causes him to lose consciousness in a few minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I suppose that in the picture "ALIEN" it would be called "mouth" ?. The worm is isolated, but some naughty children (patients with leukemia) are sneaking and "randomly" given to her by some experimental growth hormone. You know that everyone is in trouble when some hospital staffers attack the camera on a crane, and a fairly fast maintenance man finds some mandatory shells before caught by a pair of semi-convincing Insectoid hands. The rest of the film is dominated by the monster by u-screened, half-hidden with semicircle. What brings us back to "ALIEN." How, you ask, can a movie in the hospital contain all those blindingly shining strokes that are always in the movie "ALIEN" There is no problem ... the power failure (or something) causes an error in the electrical system, which obviously causes stroboscopes to flourish in every room of the hospital and constantly blink during the film. This serves as a suitable cloak for less than special effects (although the errors are fairly regular , they do not run well, and the baby's bug looks charming like a Cootie toy). OK, so what "ALIEN" bases did not cover ... OH, the water drops down the walls! Check ... we'll split a massive hospital in two, then send some of the characters through a damp basement to get to the other side. The problem is solved, now we have the opportunity for numerous "tuning" tunnels. And do not forget the fog ... well, you really need no excuse for this in horror movies, right? Okay, maybe in the hospital you're doing, so we'll create smoke by having lots of things that spark and burn. I did not say anything about a negligible act, and not that the actors were given any script to be followed. I guess the "Blue Monkey" should be fun and fun, and if that's the case then it's a good try, but the pieces do not agree and the movie ends up being real expensive. See the movie "Alien Return: A Deadly Arrival" if you want to see a film of this kind that corrects it, with even less money and even a more marginal actor's talent. This falls to ALIEN.
