* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * takes place in the Pacific Northwestern part of the country. In the wet, mud mining camp John McCabe (Varren Beatty surgery) comes to flight, full of cigar smoke and great ideas about building a real salon / whore for the city, full of trio of the saddest whores in the history of the film. He also comes with an unsuspecting reputation as a shooter: too embarrassing about apparently advertising him, but he was not scared to use it to confirm alpha-male credentials among the local population. And in this way he brings the boys into building his own salon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. It seems to be a rather sad operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) does not appear on a stunning device that is a semi-rail car, semi-car (where Altman found this thing?). Ms. Miller immediately takes over McCabe as a business partner, with the aim of classifying the new wrist with appropriate whores and insisting that all visitors bathe before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on handling bills. It's not clear what McCabe's function will be. The plot is thickening when there are mass representatives from a mining company in the city and offers to McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells them to get off - he's holding fifteen thousand. The company thinks the negotiations are untrustworthy, so they hire three killers to simply kill McCabe. . . although they think they can get away with the murder of a man in the middle of a white day in the city center, it's also unclear as McCabe's office in partnership with the public house. (Justifying this huge hole on the land because the local population would be too scary for conversation does not cut the mustard when considering that any prize money offered by the local marshal would be quite tempting.) <Br /> <br /> McCabe and Ms. Miller, allegedly a "classic film from the seventies", should be much better than they are. The movie tells a pretty good story; The main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially those in which a 14-year-old stone killer is seen. But really, it's really hard to enjoy the movie when you can hardly hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what someone is doing. Once again, this director takes away his film with pure laziness and turgidity. According to the IMDb's list of attractions, the film editor wanted Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman did not agree; And when everyone said that the sound was muddled after the film was released, Altman blamed the editor. Together with bad sound, the movie has a terrible look. Only Robert Altman can rent a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie that seems to spray with dirty water lenses. The reviewers who praise the "dark brown glow" of this image must trick me. The interior is shot through what looks like a dark scum. Exterior photography is even worse: as if Altman put 500 fog machines behind abundant trees. During the climactic period, when Beatty avoids killers while the local church is lit, Altman insists that a completely darkened look with an animated snowfall that resembles one of the specials for Rankin-Bass Christmas. Watch - I can not watch a movie under these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to place boom microphones when you remove all that boring "Altman-eskue" dialogue that overlaps, and when you wipe the lens with some Vindek, or something. 3 stars from 10.
