How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie is beyond me. This film is absolutely horrible. I found out, after reading some other reviews, that few people really enjoyed this movie, which makes me deeply enigmatic, because I do not see how anyone in the right mind could enjoy a film that is terrible like the revolution. It's not just about being a bad movie, with a lingering complication and an all-out oddity that's extremely unpleasant, but it seems like filmmakers or are mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation of why this movie shit looks like it's, although probable is still crap even in comparison with other films made by retards) or deliberately made any illogical decision to make this film as much as possible. For example, we see that Donald Sutherland runs around with a huge, thick ugly bone on his face. He usually does not have a mole. Mole does not contribute to his character. It's extremely ugly and hinders. It's not like the mole of Robert De Niro; It's much worse. Why the hell did he get a mole? As if the filmmakers said: "Let's see, how can we make this movie even worse than it already is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a huge, ugly ass right on his face." Another example of the nonsense of the filmmakers is the figure of Ned. We see, for the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Neda again, and that is, of course, the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor who plays like nowadays older Ned. What, they think we're idiots? Good God! Again, it's like the filmmakers say, "How can we do something worse? I do not think we can ... Wait, I just had a terrible idea!" I know that the child does not grow much in half a year, which is fine, but at least it grows more than in three weeks. Just do not get another actor to play Ned, or at least persuade him to play five minutes when he's three weeks younger. In addition, the kid who plays the "older" Ned does not look older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he looks quite different, much thinner, and no higher or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, as I, as any rational human being, initially thought it was a new and different character What, did the first child die while filming a movie? Because he was in it for the first hour and a half, and then suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Tvo Smoking Barrels play Ned in the last five minutes of the movie. Even if the original actor died, filmmakers should have at least one actor who seems to play the rest of his role, and re-record Friday's "six months later" scene. Better still, just throw away the film completely, never end it, never let it go, never tell anyone about it, because by that moment they should have realized that their film is crap and that in its end it will only spend more money and time and succeed in this makes one of the worst movies of all time. I do not say that this film is so bad that it should not be watched; It's so bad that you should watch it, just to see how bad it is. It's horrible, horrible.
