A great actor like him, Al Pacino is completely out of the revolution? His methodical behavioral method is totally inappropriate for the role of illiterate trappers caught in the American War of Independence. Much blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Chariots Of Fire just a few years earlier, talk about the arrival !!). One of the many director's works is to act as actors, persuading convincing performances from them, but in this case, Hudson allowed Pacino to get wild without looking for any kind of restriction. It's not just Al's low performance that makes the film more difficult: there are a number of other disadvantages with a revolution, of which more will be said later. The ill-fated trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north. - the eastern part of America with his son Ned (Sid Oven / Dekter Fletcher). Does he lead a simple life? live from earth, raise a son, survive against the elements. The country is covered by English colonialists, but during the eight-year period (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of an independent American nation. Dobb is affected by events when his ship and his son were recruited by the continental army? crushed by events that barely understand, Dobbs fight for their lives and freedom in one bloody engagement after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahai (Natassya Kinski), a wonderful and fiery woman of the British nobility. Their forbidden love goes against the wider historical context of the struggle. <br /> <BR> Where to start with film defects? Most key players are wrong? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski does a little better acting like a rebellious aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with an uncertain Yorkshire accent. The script of Robert Dillon is confused in his attempts to bring mass historical events to the personal level. It seems that nobody decided whether it was intended to be an intimate character study with the American Revolution as a background, or an epic war movie with a handful of sharp-drawn characters used to carry the story. As a result, the narrative falls into a nobody's land, floating from a "great spectacle" to a "small story" without distinction and meaninglessness. The result of John Corigliano is rather terrible, and he spills over the process without thinking and subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is clumsy, both in his poor management of the Pacin and other key actors, as well as in the decision to irritate the camera's trembling use during the action sequences. The idea of ​​a handheld camera is to create immediacy ?? that feeling "be there" in the confusion of the battle and the muscles. Like many other things in the movie, it does not work. One department in which the movie again gets a little reputation is a detail from the period, with costumes, sets and weapons that look consistently true. But if the timetable is interested in traveling to a museum, it would be a better way to spend your time, because as an exciting cinema experience, the Revolution does not begin to make an assessment. Nothing more than a £ 18,000,000 mega bomb that the sick British film industry could afford in the mid-1980s.
