I am about the idea of ​​the great epic of the American Revolutionary War. This is not it. (And, as far as that goes, neither Emmerich / Devlin / Gibson THE PATRIOT. But I resign.) I saw this film on the publicity screening in the old MGM studio (now Sony) just before it came out. The audience had great expectations from this expensive time, written by veteran Robert Dillon, directed by Honorable Hugh Hadson (from CHARIOTS OF FIRE fame) and starring Al Pacino. But it was not necessary They wanted people to start kicking in their seats, whispering scoffing comments about Pacin's terribly wrong idea - it was supposed to be an American borderline of Scottish origin (!) - and that's Nastassja Kinski , which was supposed to emigrate from England (!!). Then began the story and everything went fast downhill. The motives were confused, the dialogue was terrible, the events did not have a historical or political context. What was out of the plot is abruptly progressing in absurdity; the second or third time that the alleged lovers of Pacino and Kinsky turned to one another that it had become a bad joke. Donald Sutherland gave an unpleasant performance as a British officer / fagot. His accent was all over the map. I guess there were no English actors available. Many people are left. Those who remained tried to stifle giggling, and then openly yelled. I found it - I thought that at least the battle would be good. I was wrong. Inexplicably, Hudson decided to record them with handheld cameras, even Steadicam, because the audacity gave him a puzzling 'authenticity', which destroyed the sense of size. the audience a few rows in front of me: (deceased) Gary Franklin from Channel 7 Eievitness Nevs. I could say that he was angry about the behavior of others. And quite definitely, on his TV segment the next day he gave a film '10' on his notorious Franklin scale from 1 to 10, while he bravely noticed the louts that disrupted the appearance of the previous night, which obviously did not know the art when it was saw. What a cunning guy. After this disaster, Pacino did not act in another film for nearly 4 years. Career Hugh Hadson has never recovered. You can not say I did not warn you.
