What a big word "re-imagining" is. Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A really smart word - it conceals the term that everyone has grown into hate, that is, "remake", and it makes it almost sound as if the creation process was creative and involved the imagination. Well, damn it, I was deceived. At least I was more misled by thoughts of countless worse and unbridled violence than the idea of ​​"re-imagining," although he played a role. Still, why make a remake? Directors do this only for several reasons: updating the movie for a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to give him recognition. Release, if you want. However, all this (I recognize the exceptions) all comes down to one thing: the theft of someone's ideas and its transformation (or "re-imagining") so that those who would never see or understand that they will pay the money to see it. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' note; throw everything in the mixer, clean everything that is more mysterious and more curious and insert some artificial flavors. In other words, an excellent marketing scheme. So what's wrong with this? I'll start by what I like. I loved introductory scenes. Thanks to the CGI and the larger budget, we could understand the chaos of the zombie-holocaust Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see a city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look nice on the screen. Then everything breaks apart. This item does not lead anywhere. The film does what almost every remake works. It adds more than anything but character, atmosphere and story. It's noisier, (in a sense) bloody, and a lot more of the main characters that appear only to die in meaningless sub-folds. The setting, a mall that played a key role in the story and theme of the original movie, is quite accidental. The idea announced in Romer's film, the pure ecstatic joy that has a "shopping center for itself as a fortress", has disappeared here. Furthermore, this "re-imagination" is not wet, there is no spirit, no balls. It is assumed (probably quite rightly) that the audience does not have enough attention and does not try to be interested in characters or stories. The film is hurrying and missed the quieter interaction of the four characters of the original. You actually became caring for these people in Romer's version because there was a certain realism of their existence despite madness outside the shopping center. Here, you do not care when or who goes: what matters is how they go. What else can I say? The film is not terrifying. She has one or two "jumps" of the scene and tries to make up for the rest with bloody and loud special effects. As a story, it is really too thrilled to be tracked and conflicts between characters are too underdeveloped to preserve it. Humor is also reduced to several lines (and one really good character: Andy). After that, what remains? A place that is obviously ridiculous and far inferior to the dull, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, despite being a pretty bad movie (though not as bad as some other remake), one should remember it from one thing: he hit Christ's trouble from number one in the box office. Good zombies.
