This film is a pure Hollywood hockey. It's based on a novel called 'Not too tight? Not too deep, "Richard Sale, who may or may not be interesting; It would take a survey to find out! The story in the movie takes for granted almost many incidents and a lot of backgrounds that obviously existed in a novel but are not seen anywhere in the movie, so either the movie was wildly cut out or the script was a mess from the beginning. In this film, there is not one millisecond that is realistic realistic, either in terms of an event or character. It's a pure Hollywood fantasy in every way. Two famous actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underused and wastefully wasting no sense at all in the film. They must have been thrown into the mix in the way the sprinkling of the chopped man is added to the omelet, hoping that the taste will improve. The movie is a difficult attempt to produce a "story of morality," and it's so vicious that it's ridiculous. The story relates to some hardened criminals detained in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial jail through a jungle (largely a Hollywood jungle, with a rubber snake). Naturally, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Cravford broke up like a rogue who is happy for her, because for some reason she becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford escaping through the jungle with shoes with high heels and holding all his makeup. Zabat flirts and grimaces and real catlike expressions, drawing a forehead as his custom, smiling and suggestively looking at everything that was his mode of acting. It's hard to treat such a person as a harsh criminal when he always tries so hard to be Clark Gable who certainly has no time to be a thief. (Searchers are by definition too busy to steal and are not suitable for a task that requires that people do not see them.) The whole escapade is so funny that it can be considered just fun. An attempt at religiousness and 'depth' was made by inserting in the story of a mysterious 'angel of mercy' who voluntarily enters the prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps escape and monitors all criminals and ministers in their various deaths, helping them to find 'peace' in their last sighs. This character is very well played by Ian Hunter, who holds the convincing air of secret knowledge, laughs mysteriously, creates enigmatic prophetic remarks, and on his face is dressed a little place that gives him heavenly splendor. The theme should be redemption. Maybe you would call it the version of 'Hollivood Goes Moral and Gets Heavi'. For actual depth, Hitchcock's 'I Confess' from 1953 shows how this should be done. On the contrary, this piece of trivial nonsense shows how many of the empty cabinets of meaning were in Tinsel Tovn, and when they started digging for something that could mean something, everything they could think of was, you assume, even more iris.
