Author of numerous novels, drama and short stories, V. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965), was considered one of the world's greatest authors for life, and although his reputation faded over the years, his work continued to be critically respected by a large readership. Released in 1944, RAZORSKI EDGE is a story of a World War I veteran, whose search for spiritual enlightenment flying against shallow western values. It was Maugham's last great novel - and he was extremely popular. Since the conflicts of the novel have internalized spiritual and philosophical problems, it was also an extremely strange choice for the film version - but Darryl F. Fok Zannuck from the 20th century fell in love with the book and shortly after his release, he shot the rights to the screen. According to the film, RAZOROV EDGE should direct the legendary George Cukor from the Maugham script itself - and it seems Maugham has written an adaptation. When the film went into production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for artistic touch than working in a similar way, and Maugham's script was replaced by Lamar Trotti, the author of such unforgettable scenarios as OKSB INCIDENT. Tirone Pover, who recently returned from military service during World War II, was thrown out as spiritually-minded Larri Darrell; Gene Tiernei, one of the greatest beauties of her era, was acting as a social Isabell Bradley. Especially prominent support, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Bakter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Vatson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the timetable were luxurious, and when the film debuted in 1946, audiences and critics admired. But time has a way to put things in perspective. Today, RAZOROV EDGE is truly a beautifully produced movie - but apart from being absolutely the best that can be said for it, a fairly consistent centering is achieved. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Though it is quite close to Maugham's novel in terms of complication, he is noticeable in character and completely fails to catch the basic questions that trigger the story. We are told that Larry is looking for enlightenment; We were told to receive it; We were told that he was acting on it - but despite occasional and mostly superficial comments, we never said anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical or intellectual processes behind any of them. In particular, we never said anything significant about the nature of enlightenment itself. The effect is to break the story on your knees. Our rest is a shell of Maugham's shop, based on the relationship between Larry and Isabella, the woman Larry loves, but leaves behind the growing ideological riff that opens between them. Tirone Pover and Gene Tiernei were more famous for their physical beauty than talent, but both were able to turn to good performance when they received solid support from directors and scripts. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; they are extremely one-layer, and the power is largely wrong. Fortunately, support is pretty good with Herbert Marshall, Clift Webb and Lucille Vatson in particular; then the famous play Anne Bakter, however, was not the same as she hoped. With a working time of less than two and a half hours, the film also feels unnecessarily long. There is a seemingly endless joke with a fun cocktail, and the whole Indian sequence (which is read as a little funny) would be better cut off - a strange situation, because it is just a sequence that is conceived as the core of the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scene, it seems that all this takes place without any point. As for the DVD itself, the film is not remodeled, but the printing is extremely good and the bonus package is not particularly unforgettable or noticeably bad. When it's all said and done, I give the THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and the will of all to take over the material - but frankly, this film was best left by the fans of the Pover and Tiernei, who will enjoy the stars, and those whose ideas about Spiritual enlightenment is unclear as well as the film itself. GFT, Amazon Reviever
