What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment trying to join a club of countries? If he had, he could call it "Razor Edge", as Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of the razor is difficult to cross, so the wise say that the way to Savior is difficult." But, Maugham decided to keep a well-educated class, so we have the version of Darryl F. Zanuck Larry Darrell, recently returned from the First World War, carefully nurtured, well-connected in society and determined to find himself a miner. Or, as Maugham tells us: "This is the young man I write about. He is not famous. It may be that when his life finally comes to an end, he will not leave more traces of his stay on this earth than a rock thrown into a river of leaves on the surface of the water , but perhaps the way of life he chose for himself could have an increasing impact on his fellow man, so that, long after his death, he may realize that he lived at this age is a very extraordinary creature. "<br /> <br /> < > Razor's Edge has all Zanuck's cultural tastes that money can buy. It's so serious, so honest ... so important. As Larry goes in search of wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing the Himalayan Mountain to learn from the ancient sage, we have his selfish friend, Isabel, played by Gene Tiernei, his tragic friend from childhood played by Anne Bakter, snobbish and impeccably dressed uncle girlfriend Clifton Webb, and I myself, Villie Maugham, played by Herbert Marshall, keeps notes. The film is so ungratefully complacent about the goodness that it's the only thing that has slightly upset Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred, I will never understand how any young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we end up with an estimate of Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. Zanuck wanted a prestigious hit for the twentieth century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year before Tirone Pover was released from the military service. He made sure that dozens of well-trained add-ons sounded as if they were intended for the cathedral and even wrote some of the scenes. Effort is as self-conscious as the fat man who wore the clothes he rented. Despite Hollywood's view of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people hard work does not bring enlightenment, only fatigue and low pay. After nearly two and a half hours, the last time we see Larry carrying his bag on a board on a steamer. He will return to America from Europe with a happy smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham Isabel at the same time in the richly decorated lounge, "Larry found what we all want and what little we ever got. I do not think anyone can be better, and you see, my dear, goodness is on the end of the world is the greatest power in the world ... and it has it! "Larija and the audience need a healthy dose of Dramamine. Maugham, let's not forget, was a good writer of drama, novel, essay and short stories. To see how films can provide justice, see how some of his short stories are brought to the screen of Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lavrence Durrell. The Alexandrian Quartet is well read.
