In 1979, when this film was the primary product on a new movie medium called HBO, there was the Leto Gas Line and the Iranian Crisis Year. The mood swings should have stopped low-budget films about the cars lonely on the mission, although Smokey & The Bandit kept the abdominal muscles for as long as they wanted. "Corvette Summer" is unusual as any earlier film like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mari, Crazi Larry", if it's lighter and sexy than most. A real graduate automotive genius Kenneth (Hamill) drives buses to Vegas in search of a car theft ring that has discarded his master class Shop Class, super-custom, Vette on the right. In the spiritual limb of the desert I-15 (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas") he enters a regular van (yes, that was the end of the van van, too) cheated as a mobile brothel and guided by the sassi, ambitious whore Vanessa (Potts) , on the way to the City of Sin to make it, well, whatever the ambitious whores are. VANessa, understand? The shy, innocent Kenneth has overstepped his head in Vegas, only his all-American decision and his new friend to help him, although a young young girl who was called was predictable less worldly than she looks. Why, in the era of "I am a woman," Vanessa put her talents, money and the future into the oldest, but least dignified profession in the world, for example, at college or even hairdressing, can be explained to young people who would like to think that All women at least consider the joys of this career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamil is a good choice for a white bread Kenneth (he does not even belong to his own personal school, but his school), which will not be deterred from the target by violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car is really stolen. Potts behaves with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for any, but the most likely testosterone machine. The bad guys are surprisingly human, especially by always good Brion James. But there is not a lot of action and it's not a type of film that can handle dialogue, bandages, or Heavi Themes. You can always reach up, turn on the TV and plug in the "Pong" console. A similar but more serious Chris Mitchum vehicle "Stingrai", which appeared around the same time, contained a cast of acting, but more skin, speed and clutter. The best features of each movie may have been produced by Vette's film worth remembering. So Trans Am was left to rule the car-shovroom. Another forgotten movie about the car brought from the dead by the "Speed ​​Channel" fine weekend series, Lost Drive-in.
