54 is a movie about the club with that title in the 1970s. He has a classic handsome bartender. Sexy females. High power owner. The partiing. When all the intertwined chaos arises, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be at the cost of all this. I will be open and honest as much as possible while at the same time avoiding any direct connection. unfair or untrue comments (like, it's 'ok' movie). I really think it's a terrible movie that is complimented by his passionate acting. Every time I sit down to watch the movie casting, Salma Hajek, I'm always waiting to see her beauty, brilliantly expressed at the same time with great performance, but the reality reminds me constantly how completely talented. I mean, really, with what did she ever leave the masses, except her huge dance dance in 'From Dusk Till Dawn' ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who does not give anything to the screen, but his good looks and a madly boring façade known as 'acting'. Mike Myers, not as bad as this one, at least gives the movie something worthwhile. She was playing jokes, the extrovert co-founder of the 54. The guy most watched would hate (i.e., Job is done well), put a somewhat convincing performance that gave me rare enjoyment in the movie. But, unfortunately, it is not enough to save the film from its unfounded and flat nullity. Most of 'bad' bad films find something I can take from the movie, but it's got nothing, really. Neve Campbell is not bad, but she's just 'there'. The story is boring, it seems that the writer was more inclined to make a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add something else. Any meaning. Any class. What in general? For like most ornaments, they are just hollow meaningless objects, which are pretty nice to watch, much like the base of this disastrous movie. Really an hour and a half of the time that I could spend better doing something much more exciting, such as talking to 90-year-old relatives over the phone about the weather.
