If you hit a teenage girl in the 70's, like myself, you probably remember the story of the studio 54 whether you loved a discotheque or not. Exclusive Club, was the perfect symbol of cultural exaggeration and self-absorption; there's even a great VH1 documentary about a club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its peak, and the stories are very interesting to be able to create a very stunning movie. Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the lives of several of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus called Greg (Breckin Meier), his wife, a coat check girl, Anita (Selma Haiek) and, of course, the master of the ceremony, Steve Rubell Meiers). While performances in the club are well represented, this film deals more with the personal lives of workers, following Shane's closest story. Film works in spurts. Sometimes it fits perfectly into the shallowness of the nightlife culture (for example, when Shane is taken to dinner and does not know who Errol Flint is), and sometimes he pulls into a hockey melody. Any of this is an inherent premise? following those who mix in the world of rich and fantastic ?? but much of it is related to glove treatment, with which the club and Rubell are given throughout the film. While Rubell surely electrified the scene in New York with his tendency to top-notch spectacle and his exclusive hand in the crowd every evening, wild medication and sexuality were only briefly touched; Rubel himself, while mentioning his excesses, is strangely positive for the guy who was a liar in his life, a cheater, a drug abuser, and promiscuous as well as all hell. It was not that I asked for a man who would be pillowed here, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the decline in the culture of nightlife that helped it to rise. The final scene in which she looks at the monks is paternity so emotionally false that it is obviously absurd. is efficient; but he is good, and helps to anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I consider to be a good actor, is here in the shallowness and glupost of his character; it is confined to a smile in the deer in the front light, or mournful misunderstanding, and even he can not translate it into a strong performance. Hajek and Meyer are fine, again, undermined by writing, and Neve Campbell ?? visible on DVD cover? It looks so short that there really is a widened kameya. For some reason I am still interested, even fascinated, popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even with that, this is not a film that has hired me in particular, despite the predisposition that I like. I would say that if that period, or that club, has some interest for you, follow the VH1 specially, not this middle melodrama.
