During Christmas holidays, a group of college friends remains to help prepare dormitories to be demolished and replaced by residential buildings. To make the job a bit tougher, the killer, a psychopath carrying Chucks wanders in the halls, floods the group in various violent ways. Registered as one of the 74 'video nasties' list published by the United Kingdom in the 1980s, The Dorm that dropped blood had a good reputation built before it first seen. The term "video unpleasant" refers to some pictures of some great explicit mountains, violence, sex, etc. Everything about which horror fans dream about. So, after I heard all this information, I found myself in Pranks (alt. Title) expecting an unpleasant slasher experience. . . and that's what it tried to be, but it did not work out completely. Visual, the film is not good. Cinema, mountains (except for a couple of scenes), and the overall direction, are failing. It's just not pleasant to watch. An unoriginal script is missing and often throws random things for no real reason (like opening). There are some cool scenes of death, including a fairly pretty melted character (which can be seen on the poster), but that's for positive. The acting is pretty bad, the story seems unimportant, the killer is not cool or scary, and suffers a big mistake that any hissing slasher should always avoid: it's a bit boring. All in all, for a film made by several students of UCLA film for $ 90,000 (which would be twice as high as today), the dormitory that was pouring blood is not a total mess. She has a couple of good things and is pretty visible. . . But, as a slasher movie that wants to be at the level of movies like The House on Sororiti Rov and Pieces. . . it just can not be compared. Do not expect much and you may at least have fun. I hate to say that, but this is one of several movies I've seen that would actually be better with the remake. . . yet they go after great works such as Black Christmas. Oh well. . Required Horror Elements: - Signature: Slasher - Violence / Up: There are some brutal killing kills, and the worse is the order most of the time . . . but nothing special. They also showed some of the best killings. - Sec / Nudity: It's a bit unpleasant (for me) nudity, but not very much. Cool Killer: Nah. The final monologue of the killer made him quite unskillful. - Scares / Suspensions: Jump or two, but nothing too effective. - Mystery: I suppose, yes, but it just was not enough for me, and that's obviously a nose on the face of a killer. - - - <br /> <br /> Final judgment: 3.75 / 10. Bah! Humbug! -AP3-
