At first glance, Ruiz started to make a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as the classic work in this genre, there are compensations. The tensions arose between Huppert and Balibar as a woman calmly, but calculating, in a war over a boy for whom both claim, are convincing; however, in the true European style of art, Ruiz does not give us the liberation from this tension while women alternately try to act sympathetically to each other. The only elevated voice is Huppert's awakening from the nightmare (uncontested irrational event in the movie). In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is a little about his thrill skeleton as Jane. Campion's In The Cut. Instead, it is an intergender psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Nils Hugon, decides on a practical joke, playing his mother against an emotionally endangered woman. It seems that both women exaggerate it, and they are not ugly and this leads to problems. In the background, an unconscious psychologist (Charles Berling), is quick to deal with women in her life - Huppert's sister, nanny or his pa - and thus acts as a symbolic adult counterweight to the calm and (learn) manipulative Camille. . It is especially interesting that, like Henry James's father, "The Turn of the Screws", the policeman Denis Podalides, the father is absent during the duration of the film. Ruiz modifies Oedipus's moment from Huppert's reaction to his return to the film. Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is eventually quite disappointing. I'm officially fed up with the screenplay of Mme Huppert, which is too buried, and that's why I'll watch it on the scene before I return to her (European-Heaven's Gate) movies again. Support is good. Ruiz does not give preference. Quite apart from some kind of bad lighting and some deliberately unusual recordings, as if its direction left the characterization completely out of reach - especially I think Edith Scob Isabelle, who deals with knowledge, but communicates confusion. The sets do not bind to the pitch for the advance - the tension I have already mentioned is not only weak, but is lost in its potential. Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement. 4/10
