Somewhere between the food court and the Zip, the mall in this movie has a store of explosives. This is the only place where the title character can buy a bomb that he buys in a shopping mall in a boring final. The fictitious city has a new shopping mall, built in a country that has been convicted. Cute girl (I did not catch her name) gets a job as a waitress. She lost her boyfriend in a fire at the place where the mall is located. The Thief owner employed a fireman as a guard after his first protection was dead. Rob Estes, eon before "Silk Stalkings", is a photogr. / Reporter trying to find a story. She links with Sweet Girl, and their common "funny" friend Polly Shore, and tries to find out whether Erik is still alive. He lives in the basement of the shopping centers (?) And travels through the air channels and throws different people who upset his ex-girlfriend, including the palick. In the end, he is kidnapped and the finale includes the bomb and all that runs from the scene in front of the big kablooia. Morgan Fairchild is ready to ride as the mayor ... yes, she is mayor. Of course, you probably did not need a sketch plot of the whole <. br /> The story is in the title. Someone named Eric is refreshing to people as a boy from a shopping mall. It also means that there is no uncertainty. We know that Eric is behind this, but we still need to see that Estes and Cute Girl go through suggestions of stupid research. See how Fairchild, whom we know, has. The shop owner was in agreement with the owner of the mall, pulled the pistol on our heroic duo in the midst of a packed party, but nobody says not a word while she leads in her office, and her eventual death. The fictitious city is huge, yet the cop is ever called, everyone rely on the security of the mall. Erik was hiding from the construction of a mall, but I'm not sure where. He seems to live in the basement, but you think a construction worker would find him. He also equiped his love protector very well, and found several connections, since he has electricity. It can be more beautiful than your apartment! Pauli Shore fans, both, keep in mind. He plays the guard from his barrack, crawling the camera. Yes, stop scanning Celebrity Skin and Plaigirl, this is where you can see the grainy black and white photograph of Pauli's southern coast, although it does not exist. > This is just something completely worthless, and the evidence is positive that I'm just on renting just about anything in the video to stay in a terrible section. This film is not Eric's vengeance, it's a movie revenge for me to be stupid enough to watch it. Here's my revenge: I do not recommend it. It will show them! This is rated (R) for physical violence, some armed violence, up, let it swear, let a woman nudge, short male nudity, and some sexual content.
