The Fantom from Mall is a film that fits best in the category of "easily forgotten". It's a pretty bad variant on the famous story of Gaston Leroux, the Phantom of the Opera. It's not a bad idea for yourself, but the plot and production of this movie are a way to weaken bringing decent honor to that story. On the bright side, Gaston Lerouk still does not have to turn around in the grave. It could have been much worse. The Phantom of Mall has too many useless flashbacks in him and too boring sequences that will make him unforgettable. Also, the screenwriters wanted to give too many drafts of the story than they needed. And although there is a lot of mystery that builds on the character of Eric ... the basic plot is ordinary and deja vu. *** SPOJLERI *** It's a young couple who is brutally smashed because the boy is killed in a fire. This fire was set up for his house because he and his parents refused to sell their homes to make room for the construction of a large shopping center. The boy survived the fire and hid in a shopping center to get revenge. In the meantime, she keeps her girlfriend who is now working in a mall and tries to forget her loss. \ T Although this should be just an entertaining horror movie, he desperately tries to be an intelligent thriller ... and that's not what the fans are looking for. There are several innovative killings, but they are not happy enough for people who want to see a relaxing horror movie. Besides, Phantom of Malla could use at least a little humor! This whole production - including the actors - takes too seriously. I will try to finish with a few positive aspects ... For example, she plays Ken Foree !! Fierce fans of horror will surely recognize him as Peter for the dawn of the dead! It's like a horror that still has to find the same. Although his role in this film is limited and even completely unnecessary ... it was good to see him again. Fans of TV film will also recognize Morgan Fairchild as mayor, she is a fine actress and elegant lady. Pauli Shore is also in this, but I can not stand it ... so my opinion about him can be a bit biased. And finally, a little praise for the main actress named Kari Vhitman. She is an extremely beautiful girl and she has a little talent ... a shame that she never reached the top. Actually, this movie is her greatest achievement and it suffices to talk about her career ...
