I absolutely despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz at one point rejected it and refused to talk about it. I admire Larra's work, especially his more obscure thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has some kind of inevitable skill in what seems to be impossible to exclude, in part thanks to his secondary career of painters and caricaturists. Too bad that he never made Western, his vision would be perfect. BLACK CANDLES is easily his most famous film and probably his most famous masterpiece VAMPIRES. And it is known for one scene in which the prince of Satan is brought by a bizarre ritual, which involves extracting the reproductive liquid of the goat - which symbolizes the Beast - as a sort of tortuous balsam used in the preparation of the homeless as the sister of a murdered man for her role as Satan's bride. The above scene was set up in a way that seems pretty convincing even without showing any apparatus for the plumbing that the goat could have endowed, relying on the actor's histrionic recruited to play the ritual in the ritual and having a lot of throaty singing on the recycled music part of the film was heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinta Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implicit than shown in graphic detail, and somewhat enhanced by the knowledge that the beggar is actually a teenage daughter of a Satanic priest. My, but they were having fun making up this movie. The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate except for the thin paper ROSEMARI'S BABI derived stories about a woman who refuses from the role in her role of Satan's bride sophisticated clans of satanists living in the exhausted ends very mean Britain. Guided by the Eurohorror sensation of Helga Line, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, magnates who possess the land and other dignitaries of the upper crust who owe their professional success to worshiping the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just watch who you will sell to restore tiny personal conflicts or you may end up with a sword. The film attempts to combine this innocent Satanic journey with walrus or border graphic sex, and should properly be regarded as a sort of climax or culmination of the sexual and terrible Spanish thriller tradition that was partly popularized by Mr. Molina and Ms. Line, had astonishingly flourished under the disapproval of the eye of a general, Frank, a dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While living, his decision was to make the Spanish film without graphic screening of sex. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with sex hidden behind their own screens and one with a display of blasphemy for export. As it was difficult for filmmakers to express themselves, the result was some sort of interesting tension that usually occurs when artists flirt with the banned: the Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very special flavor that has somehow gotten taste. It's not for everyone. But in a bizarre reversal of events, without Frank's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried out in the late seventies, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly found themselves in the passport. compared to new sensations such as JAVS and STAR VARS phenomenon. And without Frank's limitations, they suddenly were a flood of open-ended graphic trillers that appeared from the pipe in the late 70's / early 80's, BLACK CANDLES being perhaps best known for emphasizing sexual deviance with animals. Larraz's great horror films have always dealt with sex taboos (lesbian VAMPIROVA, incest SCREAM AND DIE), but the effect of distortion here is to obscure the rest of the production. Nobody cares for anything other than a traditional censored trip to the Kozje stable, and watching a cut version without a scene in the barn is almost an absurd exercise. Sex is not graphic enough to be judged as a porn, and the winters are not cold enough to be rated as horror. So BLACK CANDLES is essentially a study of behavior - Here's how British high society satanists may behave in their secret homes in West Midlands or the like. Actors and actresses sit between the sex scenes and have lots of discussions. The best thing about the film is the undeniably oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, and most of its actions take place in the firmly closed interiors of the court figure of Mrs. Line. Almost every time of cursing is conceived so that fans of Mexican sexual rhythms will be entertained with a hint of supernatural horror, and, of course, sex criminals among us will enjoy choking their chickens on the goat ambergris scene. But the ultimate conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, intelligent, and probably perfect for such an otherwise forgetful exercise in the applied mucus. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without Goat Barn this film is not the same, and with the scene it is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right when he gave up.
