A note for self-because the film is out of the question, and the stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean that it was good. This is the case with Blue Juice, a 1995 British movie about an incredible group of surfing enthusiasts in what (somehow stupid American) seemed even more incredible to find a surfer: Cornwall, England. You might think this makes sense for a fun, weird little comedy. If only. The film is just over ninety minutes, but it looks endless. The easiest way to describe it is some kind of British version of 'Grease' from the 90s without any dancing, but it even seems to sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it is as a small part of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertvee, you remember him). Pertvee is actually a movie star, and his character is something like surfing the legend to a small group of wind surfing fans, a necessary group of free spirits that inevitably inhabit such films. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub dj that wants to be a producer, and a thick nervous guy who throws stones in an unnecessarily expanded scene and loses all of his inhibition, which of course turned out to be that's the best thing ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that is happening in Blue Juice is predictable, because it is placed in place and reflects the customs and manners I'm not familiar with, but there is certainly nothing surprising or even interesting about what's happening there or with the characters. The comedy is, however, very predictable and tired. It can feel set-up miles away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do it. The relationship between JC and Chloe is equally exhausted. He wants to grow up; He wants them to stay brilliant teenagers who have begun. He is afraid he will lose his face with his gang; He thinks they like him more. You got an idea. As I struggled to stay focused on 'Blue Juice', I finally felt, as the saying goes, that this was an hour and a half of my life that I would never return.
