About five minutes, and I saw where it was going. The bulk of high school students are upset by the school administration and thoughts of rebellion begin to encourage. I told my girlfriend: if he falls below 5 on the IMDb, I will go and read the book. She got 5.0, and she convinced me to continue to watch. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, because it would certainly deter you from editing. It was like a student drawing that was torn by one of the teachers, all footage for this film was cropped up in a fatal accident involving a grinding mill and left half of the stock destroyed, while the other half was connected in two seconds of bits. Even on the 10-second scene in local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And there are also assemblies. It's all electronic music, which alerts you to another assembly, so that, like Pavlov's dog, it starts to burst every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I should have said what's good about this movie. Well, the film was shot very well, with a nice color palette, which nicely matched emotional content - such as bio - scenes. Okay, now with the main disadvantage of the film, and it was not a story, or its disadvantage. The director made this fatal mistake that led you astray to people and situations rather than smart storytelling, but by making you very selective about what to point out about the main characters. It's just cheating. I suppose he did this so that the central figure becomes more sympathetic. But it just got bored. If the story is full of holes, it's not good to try to cover it with the wrong direction of the viewer. Often there was no idea about it. And then the end. Basically, the main loser of peace turns out to be a good guy, if he's a coward. In addition, it seems that what looked like the whole point of the film, that you should take a stand for the just thing on his head, already mentioned by the wrong guideline, and to put it in the focus of the nature of the revolution that has already been made, and many better, on the farm of animals. He also did what I call Sin Bill Cosby: no matter how things look at first, in the end, adults are always right, and children are always wrong. And we face this: unless you are, it's just not true.
