OK, it's not possible, honestly, the worst movie I've ever seen. This did not make any sense, there was no complication, no characterization, no acting, just nothing. Here's what I thought when I first saw that on May 28, 2003 ** caution, this is a spoiler warning. It's also a lot to complain about how the movie is bad: OK, the movie starts and the characters are introduced, but there is no explanation of the character. as far as I knew the main character was new to this school, but obviously not. It also seemed that he lived ... then he was a foster ... then his mother was an alcoholic who still lived with him. and all his friends apparently had no parents and lived alone. Now we come to the main dance point, this crazy guy has come out of the lunatic and escapes. now our main character is obsessed with this type and focused on him because of the film's ability. I think I missed the main element of the plot here, there was no reason for the main character to catch it. Even if this is the point, for no reason, why all his friends, who are skeptical like 5 minutes earlier, suddenly follow him and do what he wants. So the film goes on and gets OK. they are doing devastation at school, blah blah blah. but wait a minute ... suddenly everyone knows that the main character leads the 'shov' here. Wait a minute, did not the crazy guy tell the main hero that it does not work? and another important element of the plot is skipped ... the crazy one should not be crazy ... they all said it was not crazy. but as the story goes on, it is very clear beyond its mind. but I thought that people in the news said that it was not ... hm ... Now the movie is coming to an end. WAS IT CLOSED? WHAT WAS THAT? not only did the end answer to any questions about the main character, did not answer one question about the crazy guy. Are people in the same situation? If so, then there are some very basic stories that do not bother with that. if not, then what's the point of saying "it's you in two weeks." * End of things ... * It's what I thought then. it's mostly what I'm still thinking. It's 6 months, and if I can get it for free, I can give you another chance, but I doubt it. I doubt very much.
