The chillers begin in a cold, dark, stormy night as the bus descends to three passengers in front of the bus station, a young man named Mason (Jesse Emeri), a professor at the College Dr. Hovard Conrow (David Vohl) and a woman named Sharon Phillips (Laurie Pennington). Within them they discover that they missed their connecting bus and were stranded for the night. In the waiting room there are two more, Ronnie (Jim Volf) and a sleepy woman named Lindsai (Marjorie Fitzsimmons) who currently has a terrible nightmare ... While swimming in an indoor pool, Lindsay meets and gets acquainted by the name of Billy Waters (Jesse Johnson), the next time Lindsay sees Billy getting into the pool and then seems to disappear in the air before he appears. Shortly after Lindsay discovered Billy Water died in a dive accident five years ago ... Lindsay wakes up and tells others about her nightmare, everyone else reacts saying that they too have recently suffered disturbing dreams and decide to divide them to pass the time ... The next is Mason who talks the story of how he and two friends are, Scott (David R. Hamm) and Jimmy (Vill Tuckviller), terrorized during the campaign ... <br /> < > Then Sharon, whose story revolves around a journalist named Tom Williams (Thom Delventhal) whom she telephones, in a moment's eye, Tom is in front of the door, but he turned out to be a Vampire ... This is Ronnie's order and he describes how he discovers that he can bring the dead back to life, unfortunately brings the executed mass murderer Nelson Cauldera (Bradford Boll) back into the killer life ... Finally, Dr. Conrov told the story of two of his students bringing an ancient Austrian warrior named Ikpa (Kimberly Harbo). ur) return to life ... Then he returns to the bus station for the last (predictable) turning ... Written, in production and direction, Daniel Boyd Chillers is one of the worst horror anthologies I've ever seen and I usually like this sub-genre. Boeing's script lacks what's needed for movies like Chillers to work, you can see the final craft that comes a mile and every story is really limp. The first is completely meaningless and there seems to be no end and the best thing in these anthologies are short stories that are rounded off by a neat craft. The second story is predictable and ends again without any payment. So it continues in all Chilers that every story is deeply unsatisfactory to watch and there is no reward for it. Character and dialogue are poorly written, stories seem to have no original ideas and as a whole film is totally crap. At least every story does not last long and I like the idea behind the connecting segments. Director Boid obviously worked with a very low budget and it shows. All I can say is that if you want to watch a short story of 15 minutes that is completely set up inside the pool, then the coolers are for you. Stories are neither smart, scary, nor have any tension, or are upgrading to anything. Saying she has several nice scenes and some amazing competences shines occasionally. Violence and suffering are not happening in Chillers, the exhausted heart, the cut off head, and the battered hand are as bloody as it happens. Impress anyone. Basic cinema, bad music, cheap special effects and below average production value. Chillers also have one of the worst topics ever closed. The acting is also of very low standard. I'm sure a lot of effort has been invested in Chillers as a low-budget film and at least the filmmakers have tried, so at least I will give credit for it. but that does not stop me from thinking that it's shit. Similar anthological films like Tales from the Cript (1972), Asilum (1972), The Vault of Horror (1973), House of Horror (1965), Creepshov (1982) and Tales from the Darkside: The Movie (1990) are far superior From Chillera, look at one of them.
