Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief cook and owner of a famous restaurant in California. She has a beautiful woman, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), a pregnant, and beautiful son of about five years. Sammi really likes her family, but as Dr. Jeckill and Mr. Hide, he has a double life, has sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeauk (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help him. OK, that's my fault: I've read the summary of other IMDB comments, the IMDB user rating video, but I really did not believe Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it, and some comments are very satisfied. The story, the script and the dialogues are so stupid and funny that even in some Ks movie movies we can find more intelligent stories. The photo is so amateur and naive that in some places it looks as if it was taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not make sense to ridiculous: to be an old man, bald, would be acceptable in the advertisement of Viagra or the grandfather of the little boy. But as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In Vood Allen's comedy, he may have got a chance, but in a "serious" movie, it's funny. I'm trying to figure out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski accepted to take part in such an awesome, amateur and trash movie. Do they need money? Lack of chances in better films because of their age? Are they friends of 'directors' (I'm sorry to use this word) and decided to help him and promote him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her full-bodied silicone breasts, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a scenario. The same goes for the beautiful Nastasya Kinki. It is presented with fats, without makeup, without any glamor. A complete lack of respect for one of the most beautiful actors in the history of the film. The fact is really intriguing: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this garbage, giving greater ratings or writing positive comments about this film? Are they friends of 'directors' (again, am I using this word ...) or an actress? It sounds very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader might like such a movie. My voice is two. Address (Brazil): 'Viciado Em Seko' ('Addicted In Sek')
