"The Feast of All Saints?" Where...? When ...? Is the story and theme of the holidays of all saints edited? <br /> <br /> What a wonderful title loss! In the story there is never anything that has the lowest connection with "the feast of all the saints." Nor is there anything in the story of the "Day of All Souls", to which this expression is called. Why do you try to use this title if you never intend to include any story or theme on "the day of all souls" or "the feast of all saints"? Stunning bad scripts and amateur writing How have they attracted such a great talent in this clunker? Writing is so amateur - characters who know their whole lives enter long talk about their life history for the audience. There's no way people talk to each other. What was the director's thinking? The director is equally bad! Forced and overly thoughtful style feels amateur. In one scene, the character yells "Get your hands off me" and NITKO does not touch it! However, the worst-targeted scene is an incredibly superb battle at the beginning of the film. Surprised up in a very fake, stupid battle Scene There are so many dead people in the most common battle scene. Looks like a skit for Saturdai Night Live !! You can see accessories that are waiting for their characters to walk over the camera. Everyone plays their own scene of death as fourth-grade boys - they exaggerate every little exhale and twitch. The blood on the victims of the battles is so excessive and carelessly applied that it looks like someone used a ketchup dispenser and made red lines on the costumes. cheesi var movie. You almost expect someone like Will Ferrel and Mike Mayers to ride a horse and deliver a punchline. Who in real life ever look like this?! The most perfect part of writing, directing and casting is in the focus of the scene: The little girl stands below the dead body of her father who hangs - is terribly crippled and literally drops blood from his gag wounds. Even the idiot would know he was dead! However, she is - very monotonous - repeats over and over again "Dad, Dad ..." while watching someone outside the screen. She delivered it with so much conviction and passion as you could expect from a non-actor who repeated the camera line all day. Even if the poor child had an acting ability, the scene is completely incredible. The girl would not even be in the middle of the battlefield after hours of massacre - surrounded by hundreds of dead bodies, while she stands still there! Natural instincts would scream the kid and frighten him, running from a bloody slaughter! Do we think we are horrified or laugh ...?! One particularly silly detail, which scene gives SNL satire, is the father hanging, a huge hook through his mouth and face. Looks like a fish on a hook! Unintentionally funny details make the whole scene look like a fake and stupid one. In Fantasy La-La-Land, Mother and Daughter are at the same age! Another strange detail is to see the central figure - the little girl's mother - at the end of the scene and in the next scene, which appears 20+ years later, it looks exactly the same! She is still young and beautiful, and she is now the same age as her daughter! I almost turned the movie, because direction and writing were obviously horrible - but I tried to throw it out because I wanted to see the settings in Louisiana and I love all the actors. I do not know what those fine actors thought when they accepted these roles! Who was the target audience? An excessive amount of blood and bad violence in the initial scene is strangely unacceptable to the story of the soap telling story that follows. It's also a strange way to start a movie that, for the rest of the time, seems to be aimed at a romantic novel that reads women. Strange inconsistency in tone!
