This mischievous movie B tries to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but this is a really bad excuse for a sexual blow. The story revolves around Sammi Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammi is the owner of a restaurant with an unknown woman named Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has sexual dependence and must have a senseless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision that will agree (and of course, every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite the fact that she looks old enough to collect social security) The story is focused on conversation with her therapist (Nastassja Kinski), describing each of her sexual exploits through a flashback. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a series of serial sexual actions that consume at least 75% of the time on the screen. It's hard to know where to start to criticize the film so badly. Production values ​​are incredible. The film was shot on a video, looking somewhere between a TV soap (at best) and an amateur porn movie in someone's garage. The director of Joseph Brutsman is terrible with poor lighting, non-inspiring framing and a bad actor's direction. The scenario is vapid and the dialogue is insane and vulgar. Women are mostly portrayed as sexually obsessed nymphomaniacs who are just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come in and roughly feed them while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation. For example, Grace's sister comes to inform Sammy indignantly that she can sleep and tell his wife. His answer to this is to throw it to the wall and start raping her. For about three seconds, she has Epiphany and immediately turns into one of his full disciples who beg him to give her more. Just as they end up, Grace enters and says to her, "Oh, it's great to see you, you have to run to pick up Timmy," and Mom talks about Sammy's indiscretions. The loyalty bond is sealed with good devastation. There is no spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who saw it in the first fifteen minutes could foresee it. Sexual images are exaggerated, mechanical and so poorly simulated. They are more comical than erotic. Most of them were made with both participants fully trained. The act is poor. Michael Des Barres presents the depth of the rainbow for the rain. It seems to really go into pushing and curse of sexual parts, but when it comes to real acting with Arquette and Kinsky, he is abandoned. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing the actor plays in this movie, providing a tolerable performance and honestly hurt when she finally finds out that her perfect husband is a flattering animal. Nastassja Kinski is too sympathetic as a therapist, but at least here something is happening. The rest of the actors are just a collection of sublime deeps, in which they think they are causing lines like "hit me harder, is that the best you can?" and 'Oh, God? YES'. This film is one of the worst I've ever seen, a suspicious difference with regard to the thousands of movies I've been watching. I gave her an extremely rare disregard for the grade 1/10. It must not be seen within three hours of any meal.
