You can not deny that we have a propensity for speed. Therefore, movies such as Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit, make it to the audience's satisfaction, especially local. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why, due to the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to borrow from owning a set of wheels that come with 100% tax when they reach our shores, and the countless taxes and bills payable while working . And not only that, the prominent politician in the north said that top sports cars have said they will never reach the fourth speed in order not to reach the sea. And these films are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chickens always agree well in targeting the required demographic data. Once, those dents that reveal mysterious and short skirts that emphasize feet of two feet long can not compete with the attention attached to those nice curves that exotic cars possess in films like these. Of course, amongst us (ahem) there are those who deal with sexist portraiture of women as full sexual objects (otherwise explain why motorist shows come with truck models, and movies like these can not be without a long-standing model within the frame), however, they do not guarantee the kind of collective orgasmic sigh whenever the four screens come to the screen, even when they do not do anything and have the equipment in the Park. The man sitting next to me, I swear his wet trousers every time his car (s) emerge, and he even more cramped his pants when he heard how the slipping of the engine rocks. So, we have him, fans of guys who have appeared in the crowd just to watch which of the latest cool cars appear in the movie. With a fast and furious franchise, Japanese models like Evos and Skilines occupy a central place as well as GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on an incredibly changed façade, I am even impressed, in addition to the latest models such as Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCKS and every car with door wings. But seriously, my heart goes to the car every time they ruthlessly break it just for fun. I mean, these are perfectly fine, highly efficient models that are at the pinnacle of automotive, but nevertheless, because whoever has funded the movie has millions to shoot, they do it because I can, there's no story in Redline, just utter to compose a movie full of beauty (these are cars) that can break asphalt in probably the most densely possible way, and with the usual footage of the pedals (always accelerator, watch, pedal brake knockdown is flat to blasphemy and do not deserve respect), steering wheels, transmission (always moving up and down) know it when actors pretending to be the worst donkeys with engine growl and giving another dirty look. It's not a very high task for the actor, and that's why we get the most terrifying performances ever, with lines that seem to have been written by the primary pupils. Her hero (yes, she made a statement that the girls Nathasa (a very plumage Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl with models that does not bother to come down to four and plunge into the oil, who has racing pedigres in himself, and works with rock band singing songs with texts that are simply funny (each line had to do with cars, and when she was singing about love, she had to just put allusions on her ears like gearbox, lubricants and riding a ride.) Introduced against her desire for illegal races by a gangster called Infamous (Eddie G iffin), she gets into family quarrels involving Leo DiCaprio, a war veteran in Iraq, and some crazy, disgusting rich uncle. All the rest, as I said, serves only as an excuse to get the movie out of the race in the race. <br / > It's almost always the same, because it's very limited on what you can do to increase the tension between racing cars, especially when you know that the race is set (for natural reasons) and you can see the outcome of the race miles away from the target line. While Fast and Furious had pretty charismatic actors, I will put my head on a block to hack by naming Paul Valker, Sun Kang, and, of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline did not have, just a pretty face with lots of air unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in his treatment from the very beginning, with a very insidious opening order where one man, one car and 105 minutes of race against time arrive in Vegas. If not for cars, then this film is a serious piece of garbage, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car enthusiasts, or those who love their films with countless beauties, who dig their pimples without any speech lines.
