There is a scene in this film about 42 minutes which is among the worst I've seen in a while. Such as F. Scott Gregory Peck and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) lay on the beach, suddenly things get tense, and Sheila starts crying - at that moment she tells her lover about her dirty past. This "dramatic scene" has become so terribly exaggerated and extensive that I could not but turn to my wife and cry how stupid it was ... while dramatic music was overtaken on television, because it all came to a fake crash. NIKO does not experience these moments - no one. Now that the rest of the film is true, I can not say, but this moment was ridiculously bad and like a fake Rolek of $ 8 - and it suggests that some of the other reviewers were right - the movie is full of beds. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people, and it seems that the internet has not even clarified this. Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheila Graham and what was their relationship? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, looks different from what I saw in the movie. Was he a decent and decent man that we initially saw in the movie? Well, since he was married at the same time as he continued with Graham and drank like a fish, I guess he was not. Was he so disgusting and rude as we later see in the movie? Maybe, but if it was so bad, and yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, then it makes her become a complete doll - not someone you would like to see in the movie. And if not, then the film is a bad service to his memory. Either way, they did it for a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience. The overall amount of this film seems to be the story of two not very nice or healthy men. In a dark and indecent way, some might consider this all very fun, but most will surely see this as a wreck of the train without surprise on the way! Unpleasant, but with great production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but at the top), the question "why did they even decide to do this?" The bottom line - it's a pretty bad movie all around and probably not worth your time - even if you, like me, are a great fan of Gregory Peck.
