Well - when the appearance of Jason Miller (which looked even eroded than he did in Ekorcist IV) is the peak of the image, what do you have? Little country, a little rock n 'roll: mix two drunks with money that drag their child everywhere with a God dried mummy (did you already realize that this is another - DROPPED in the swamp?) in Basement, Christopher Valken with the bad. a painting job, and a girl who might be an interesting figure to have developed. I understand - in a way - to return to visit her relatives. After that .... Problem: There are several interesting feedback about what I must assume that her mother was killed in the bombing of the car (I think). This is never connected with anything. Problem: What do we need for Grandma? Grandma could be interesting. She speaks gaelic, or Celtic, or something. Maybe you can do something from her. The best they can do is to have a habit of tobacco. That is all. Problem: They have thrown a real disturbing figure as husband. Did he knock (will he sell his wife to the devil? Maybe he can expect a fund that manages her) or fights against a guy (after all, he has a good hairstyle and nice clothes)? He drinks, he hesitates. He's not a bad guy. Not good. But not. Why did not they do something with him? No problem: An old boy appears. The man stabs him. She's coming back to bring down her husband. (It gets pretty stupid, but at least that character has motivation.) NOW - she's an alcoholic, an alcoholic; Maybe he just married for her money. Grandma is locked in the bedroom. A blind uncle takes our heroine to the basement to show her the witch's mummy (do you follow this?) Which can revive. In fact, you know that it will come to life, music is racing. The girl lives in the house, takes tea grandma (unlocks the door) and the grandmother gives cigarettes. Occasionally the grandmother leaves. But nothing is happening. The husband and wife lose the child in the house, and then they lose their bedroom. Uncle cuts his throat in the basement. The main lady has a nose bleed. The man drinks. They both drink. In spite of all this, the terrible truth shown in the first outrage is - omigod - abortion when the lead lady was twelve years old. In spite of all those hanging threads of the ingredients, no one was able to tell the story on the screen. There is no bridge between situations, there is no transition from mild disturbance to terrible horror, only long slow scenes that do not go anywhere. a grandmother who may have been locked up because she is a monster, but not, her worst mistake is smoking. She has great hair, good makeup. In short, there is no complication. Just a little random (predictable) violence in the dark library, with the rain that is spreading and the sound that introduces us. It takes more than a few drunks and Christopher Valken to make a movie. The production values ​​were good. Oh. Good landscape, good wardrobe. Kamerman at least knew what he was doing. I bought it. Poor me.
