I hate films about the fall of the aircraft ... ALL! Actually, I hate them all with passion! First of all, they are cheap and do not have any skills! Secondly, they insult the airline industry and tell the audience that all plans are working ... COVER NEXT AND CRUSH! Why do I get on such a movie? This can happen to any of us and with the worse consequences of those who suffered the characters in the film ... which is the only aspect of a cold air passage like this one. I hate this movie because it's like all 50,000,000 stupid avionic chaos films before it! The free fall is like everyone else: nothing more than boredom before a cliché dramatic scene appears. First, we have the same kind of retard on this flying trap: Cleaver-eskuire family of three, iuppie baastard, and bitch stewardese together with a big blue hairstyle from 1987. To hurt anyone who is least scared! My second remark is that this should not be a feature film, but a documentary that explains everything about the Air Canada "Gimbli Glider" called "Freefall" to security measures. /> My third and final stamp is with all the airplanes of this caliber (except for Fearless) Why, hell, a male steward has sent passengers to remove those shoes? (I could understand high heels and harsh, relaxed objects, but come on!) As if they would make them more f * king more secure than they are now! This plane if they (travelers) did not know anything better: they knew they would crash the land. Why would you force 100 injured people on a rubber slider that can cause the skin to peel and bleed from the impact just to walk in their stockings in the shards? Does that make sense for everyone? Fearless and hit ABC series "Lost" had more depth and realism in an air disaster than just "malfunctioning aircraft - people panic-stewards become assault-airplanes without wheels The same old crap from the 1975 Airport Free Fall was so typical of a movie with air crashes that I almost expected Charlton Heston or Peter Graves to fly into the goddamn cabin. Would we at least see how those badly behaving ones return to normality instead of people rejoicing in the middle the upcoming tragedy that looks The "Freefall" director is supposed to hold cheap movies made for television with white middle-aged women with stupid teenagers who are drug-addicted and have marital problems. the audience would have to go over an hour and a half at the Airport vannabe rehash. I hope God does not make such films anymore. If it were like the ABC series "Lost" then that would be something to watch. But this is the ultimate crap and then something. Stop pretending every catastrophe film at "Airport 1975"! This is not the "Airport", this is a cheap pathetic spending of my time. I would not recommend this movie or any movie made for TV air to anyone even my worst enemies.
