Since I liked the original "Caligula" even with all its drawbacks, I must say that this remake trailer was hopeless. By listening to Jovovic in that lazy American accent "Mmm cuhligiooluh ..." I feel sick. The set does not look Roman at all ... it looks like a wealthy actor's hollywood court, and Roman costumes look like cheap shit that you buy in a suburban bone shop. This "charming" Adriana Asti resembles a fifty-year Hispanic woman who is totally terrified of the mind, as if she does not know it's a movie trailer. The act must be the worst thing I've ever seen, with most of the lines I hear the random actors scream "CALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!" Loudest and most secure, as far as I can. Random sex scenes also filled up a good 40 or 50% trailer, and scenes with significant actors / actors such as Gerard Butler (shaking the shadow screen for all three and a half seconds) doing nothing else but to look embarrassed or to cross over the top with their minimum lines, just dragging it with the fun of their delivery. Courtnei Love's part consists of her looks as if she is a normal self-reliant bitch-hook leaning on the door that murmurs around a month or something. You can not say because it's either drunk or high or just idiotic murmurs. Karen Black is just boring ... she laughs randomly and screams in such a way that she irritates you. Helen Mirren ... she was in the original, and her return to "Kaligula" consists of ... "CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Especially "I love" (and love, I mean hatred) Ennian's line, "Caligola ... j00 do not make me * something unconnected * ... * something that sounds like a joke." It's also crazy arrogant to tell Caligula four annual reigns greater than Jesus' birth and death. Honestly, this must be the worst, the most experienced, the most desirable and the most unfavorable arrogant shit called the "art" I've ever seen. Even if Gore Vidal hated the original Kaligula, he should not have appeared or given his name for this pile, no matter how much they paid him (unless there was one billion trillion yen). The worst trailer ever.
