This is a bigger budget movie than is usual for the HND director (with obviously elaborated sets)? although special effects still have this characteristic cheese (witnesses of giant bats and rodents). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Koten plays a visionary scholar who looks bad and easy (but then his image should be 204 years old!), As the main criminals, we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both basically camps). As I have often said, I grew up watching movies in English that are synchronized in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is quite another thing! LATITUDE ZERO feels like a minor version of the typical Jules Verne adventure, and it's pretty fun at that level; in fact, it is more desirable that Honda has low variations on the formula of the monster-on-wrestling because of the inherent strange charm of the setting in this case. The action includes the abduction of a famous scientist Romer ?? he intended to establish himself in an underwater, technologically advanced city designed by Cotten (recruited by the most prominent minds in the world). We are treated with many stupid battles between rival submarines, but the funniest scenes are certainly an attack on Romer's cave? in fact, Cotten works for somersa and rejects men in rubber suits (through flames and lasers emitted from his glove!) must be surely regarded as being overwhelmed by his acting career; the other older in cast, Romero, is more in its element? After all, he was The Joker in the BATMAN TV series and the movie of the sixties! Cotten has a scrupulously trained physician in his team, and he is helped by a ravenous Asian man; Romero, on the other hand, is surrounded by oriental femme fatale? which, however, ultimately gets a rough job for his efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a hybrid lion and a condor, one of the brightest creatures you've ever seen!). Obviously, a set of two discs of this from the Media Blasters Street this day !!
