The main reason why people are still concerned about "Carlton-Brovne Of The F". that Peter Sellers is in a second role. But watching this movie to see Peter Sellers is a mistake. Sellers play Amphibulos, an unclear reptilian premiere of the island nation of Gaillardia, once a British colony, which now has a lot of Russian diggers during the Cold War peak. Amphibulos wants to play against U.K and Soviet interests against each other for easier profit, "all very friendly and all our tickets under the table." Terri-Thomas is the title character, the lazy British diplomat who wants to show Gaillardi that Great Britain has not forgotten them, all the opposite. The positive review here says: "The reason for this film is considered to be average because the comedy is underestimated. I would say that the reason why Carlton-Brovna is considered below the averages because there is no comedy. </ br> After a decent opening that establishes only two strong sides of the film, cute Terri-Thomas and John Addison's full humorous result, things are slowly slowing down in a series of slow burns and silly communication jokes. Low opinion about Carlton-Brovne from the side of his boss and the ambiguity of Gaillardia (no one can find n When you get to the island (after heavy series of funny), the expectations are quite low. They are, however, too high. Only an island that appears to exist in Latin America or the Mediterranean , it is so pathetic that his honorary guard is weak at the airport, and the tribune decays in the middle of the parade. The army is obviously still dragged into the cavalry, allowing another loud sounding scarf of a thick accentuated speaker: "In the war, the army uses a lot of horses" on the island of his character. Instead, the plot was taken over by Ian Bannen as King Loris, who inherited the throne of Gaiardia after his father's assassination. Bannen is boring and plays his role as he is written. Normally, this would have made him a likely target for the theft of the scene by the Sellers, but trapped behind a dense accent and fat mustaches. Sellers are just a threat to those of us who are happily remembered in two other films of the same year, "The Mouse That Echoes" and "I'm okay, Jack." It's strange that this film, like "Jack," was the production of Boulting Brothers, and Roi Boulting was there as co-director Jeffrey Dell. Usually Boulting's movies combine evil with social comedy with a comedy of anything that goes, but there are only fei jabs in both directions. Amphibulos works his corrupted English vibrator for all of its value ("This man is, as it is, as it is said, a bull in a Chinese ship") while Carlton-Brovna is mostly burdened by his superiors far more than he seems to deserve. The youngest and most prolific element of the film is the romance of young Loris with Ilien. One point to play in the fascinating Luciana Paluzzi, consent one for the fact that apparently the relatives never talk. The film ends with the lambled revolution, whose surprise resolution will surprise anyone and the last part of the action of Carlton-Brovne that would seem to have literally slammed the lid to his suitcase. Apparently he lives to see another day, but the film of the same name is strictly DOA.
