The 7EVENTI 5IVE action includes pupils playing a cruel phone game that unexpectedly (if not horror fans) reach their head. The story of 7EVENTI 5IVE, on the other hand, is a horror film movie that had little promise, unfortunately surprised by really bad writing. What could have been fun, if something funny, the old-fashioned slasher story was soon thrown out of the wrong belief of its filmmakers that the audience would enjoy enjoying the crowds of loud, fierce, wealthy kids who bite each other for the greater part duration of film. With the exception of a police detective played by Rutger Hauer, (in a smaller role that is designed mainly to add only a movie star), each character on the screen is a different type of young A-hole. Male and female, black and white, upright and homosexual, the whole ensemble of shallow and penetrating college carries the majority of the narration of the film. Even worse, as the story deals with a missing party game, most of the scene's time is completely filled with this little b ***** ds. Because of this, there is a little break for the viewer, who must suffer the angry sniper action of the thin protagonists. Although at least some of these people are supposedly friends, however, all the characters communicate with each other in a very hostile way, long before the real conflict occurred. This leads to the worst possible result in a slasher movie: The audience intended to take care of the leaders, not just calling an anonymous killer, but he wants them to start defending their empty brothers far earlier. > The real shame of this bad characterization is that otherwise 7EVENTI 5IVE actually has some potential. It's visually okay. The first directors Brian Hooks and Deon Tailor know how to make a tense mood. They also manage to deliver some competent, though scarce moments of the classic up in the 1980s. It is surprising that acting production is quite capable. Not that actors are not capable of expressing real human emotions; it's easy that the script (written by Reverend Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who are much better behind the camera than with the keyboard) has no such moments. as the well-known premise and a few excitements can not outweigh the bad taste left by the story driven by the gaggle of unpleasant characters. In this lunatic person, the real mystery is why everyone should take care of a group of young people who can not even love each other.
