INSPECTOR GADGET (1999) ** Cast: Matthev Broderick, Rupert Everett, Joeli Fisher, Andi Dick, Dabnei Coleman Director: David Kellogg 80 minutes Rated PG Bi Blake French : Disney's new "Inspector Gadget" movie talks about a policeman named John who survives a great deal of misery, and rescues the latest experimental operation that turns him into a robotic agent that is similar to a machine. has tools and devices of all kinds built into his body when used when he says "Go Go", just to be called Inspector Gadget! The structure of the actual film is similar to the formation of the body Inspector Gadget himself. It's noisy, fragmented, energetic and consists of a pile of half-hearted contraptions that are being collected to do something that does not have much in common with anything else. The film is basically a series of wacky action sequences that are somehow glued to the characters and an unbalanced story in which only children aged 6-9 years would enjoy. The policeman, who was dramatically fictional, was played by Matthews Broderick, who, up to "Gadget Inspector", was in a successful rejoicing with films such as "Choice". His character becomes inspector Gadget after meeting with a notorious villain named Clav. It is played by Rupert Everett, who has already experienced a catastrophe this year with the terrible "summer dream of William Shakespeare". In this film there is a romantic backdrop, as well as numerous scenes that include the Inspector Gadget is the wobbly parts of the body and the elements of the mechanism. She has the Gadget and Clav that are left to the attractive character of Brendi, played by Joeli Fisher, because of her looks and knowledge of the specific invention made by her late father, who had previously killed Clav. Competition evolves into battle scenes and the reason for many events in the film. Also the main character is Gadget Mobil, a life car designed for Inspector Gadget himself. It is expressed by D.L. Huglie from the comedy "The Hughli". "Inspector Gadget" is a movie that I found pretty bad. I know, I'm not exactly the target audience of filmmakers, but even my ten-year-old cousin found the film in his discontent. The film is full of various shortcomings and obvious problems. I never worried about the characters. There is no development of mood beyond some of the proper initial credits, unlike the much worse 1997 movie, "Mr Magoo," which was opened with the clip of the original cartoon film. Is it too much to look for the same kind of thing in this comedy - which is rarely funny and hard to convince. The overall design of production is nothing but a mess of incomplete visions of vision and consists of one joke: the inexorable stupidity of Inspector Gadget. In such films, the audience reaches the boundaries - something that would help reveal what can happen and can not. In "Inspector Gadget" there are no such limits. This is no more than entertainment for actors who have had fun. I recalled another comedy published a few years ago called "Blankman", which again contained a lot of props and energy, and the actors certainly had fun with all the gums and props, but also lacked something needed for each film : Participation of the audience. The character I found seemed to have been omitted from the daughter of Gadgets, who by the end of the film still had no idea what his name was. It is used only as a planning device - and I wonder how it was used to expand the plot. Because her presence does not bring anything relevant or productive to the film. We never know her reaction to the operation or the accident of her father. So, this is someone who could be completely omitted and would not have a little impact on the film. In the end, I want to say that "Inspector Gadget" is a horrible, insufferable excuse for comedy for children. Believe it or not, I find I've compared this movie with an action picture "Blade". Once again, I say that I rather had a movie that does nothing of the one in which everything is happening. "Inspector Gadget" had so much for that at the same time, it literally twisted me. <br /> <br />
