This film, though supposedly comedy, is deadly serious. His theme is Imperialism (with the main I): as Britain, stupid, humiliating, tries to convince itself that it is still a great power after the Second World War. At home, the empire is run by kind crocodiles, benevolent thoriums that are so endangered that they can not distinguish close relatives; Government offices consist of long forgotten archives (digging on the Orwellian paranoia?), Inhabited by indolent rats, and anteroom in which mad boring sinakures are read by reading popular novels. Abroad, Britain is holding old pomp; but the pompey of the context looks dizzy and stupid, especially when it is embodied in rude twists. Carlton-Brovne is an unsentimental picture of collapse, with none of the splashing rotting threatened by the supposedly anti-imperialist gem in the crowns. The film is also about the Cold War, courageously admitting that it is a dangerous farce, whose participants deserve mockery and contempt, and not fear and respect. It is about how colonialism, more characterized by neglect than tyranny, destroys the colonies it abandons, plundering their benefits, power and, most importantly, self-esteem, leaving them vulnerable to the machinations of dangerous cowboys. This is, of course, the seriousness that kills him. This does not mean that heavy subjects can not be treated in comedy - Miracle of Morgan's Miracle, Dr. Strangelove and Life Bryan proved this. Indeed, it could be said that serious topics should be treated only with a comedy - it provides a clearer view. The problem with Carlton-Brovne is that every situation must have the significance beyond the ordinary comic, so that it becomes burdened and unbridled. In the three aforementioned films, much of the comedy stems from the reaction of the character to the extreme situation, and not to the extreme situation itself. Here the script is too poor to maintain rich comic features, and some of the greatest comedic talents ever gathered - Peter Sellers, Terri-Thomas, Raimond Huntley and John le Mesurier - have been wasted. Terri - Tomas, so often exalted, shows that he could not handle the lead parts, and that he had to play a mocking, arrogant boundary, and not a meaningless toff. Music is made to carry most of the comedy, but its heavy irony only attracts attention to the lack of joy on the screen. (To be fair, unlike most of British comedies from that period, which were stagnant and insufficiently produced, Boultizi often try to express their views through film, assembly, and composition). The character he could play in his sleep. None of Boultzi's Farce was doing well - they never thought enough. Although Carlton-Brovne enjoys the fall of the Empire, it seems to be anti-democratic and militaristic. I'm sure this was not intentional, but these mistakes will happen if you allow decent intentions to take precedence over comedic intelligence and film form.
