I grew up watching the old caricature of the inspector as a child. It was like Get Smart for kids. A bunch of suckers can not solve any case and all the work is done by the pedestrian talk dog Brain and his nephew Penny. I heard that the action movie was decent and I checked it in the library. I rented this movie for free and I thought I should pay to see this. Broderick does not even come close to the caliber of actors who had Don Adams as the voice of the gadget. His voice was wrong. The girl who played Penny did not look like a cartoon Penny. She is a brunette where the cartoon was a blonde with pigs. But she does a decent job considering what she had to do. Dabnei Coleman gives a good performance like Cheif Kuimbi. Saldy never hiding in any unusual place or accidentally throwing Gadget exploding messages. Gadget mobile was not right. He never spoke in the series and it was good. Why did they do it? The gadget was too intelligent in this movie. The show was a complete idiot. He had half a decent intellect here. He'd better be a moron. Also, he completely slaughtered the bow. Borderick says "Vovser". It's and should always be "Vovsers". Sounds like a saws with 's. I was upset when they showed reviews and did not have the exact phrase. Only the responsible editors were in the course of the loan. The lack of claws is in front of support groups for supporting supporters / assistants. The audience was seated by Mr. T, Richard Keil called Javs of Bond film fame, Herve Villacheze look similar, Oddjob, Kato and many more. This is the only part I was laughing at. The other is in the end where Penny checks the gadget clock and tells the brain to say something. Don Adams pronounces a dog saying that "the brain is not in the moment right now. Please leave your name with the sound of wolves." Of course this is not ridiculously loud funny, just a nice piece of nostalgia to hear Adamse in the movie. He should at least express a stupid car. Children will like this, anyone over 13 years old will not. <br /> <br />
