Perhaps you will want to know in advance that I am not a mormon, unlike a large number of those who have already viewed this movie. I mention this to understand that the way I watch a movie can be very different from those in my faith. For some, criticism of the film could be considered critical to religion - and that is not my intention. So, my review is on an outsider who is trying to look inside and find out more about who this man and his people are. Well, after I looked at the film, I doubt that I've learned a lot at all. Since I was a teacher of history, I have a good basic understanding of Ioun, as well as Joseph Smith, as well as the teaching of the church. But anyone who wants to see this movie really learn something is likely to be disappointed because the film looks so nice - too fine and unrealistic in its view. In addition, practically do not learn anything about church beliefs, other than good people, hard work, and some have many women (and this other part is barely conceived in the movie). Instead, people are almost as in a cartoon in their simplified images. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, non-mormons are all devils, and Brian Donlewy (playing TAKING the same kind of role later played by Edward G. Robinson in the TENNESS) is a problem maker who claims to be a Mormon but only comes so that the movie can have a bad guy. Everything is so simple ... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination or advertising movie. Brigham Young was a very complex man - with many good points (excellent organizer and visionary), as well as a bad one (even if I did not start his view of blacks within the church or the marital community). Displaying it in such unspecified terms is simply stupid. It's also very similar to what Gandhi was portrayed in a film with Ben Kingsley - just the facts that led him to be almost superhuman. To hell, now that I'm thinking about it, it's a problem with most religious movies - they often appear as one-dimensional, banal and mild. Let's have a complete and fuller picture of these people - who will stick to the facts, not the emotional appeals. Now, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about the faith or his other leader, the movie is pleasing enough. It is obvious that someone at the 20th Century-Foku really care about the movie, because they had a great actor for the actors (Tirone Pover), and for the actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darvell and Vincent Price) and for the great actors (Dean Jagger) . , John Carradine and Brian Donlevi). The film also had a beautiful location recording and a lot of shine. He simply did not have much to tell us, except that they were all "lush." In addition, there were a lot of factual mistakes and a few simple stupid scenes. Some of the mistakes include the Young who took the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), without mentioning the various Mormon denominations and groups of cleavages, the story of "gold in California" - although it was in 1847 and there would be no gold discovered until 1948, as well as the specific reference to polygamy or Smith's many women. Just stupid scenes include Carradine that pulls a gun and waves it on the scene in the courtroom - and it seems that nobody cares - although it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think that at least the judge would tell him to take him away and stop threatening people? One final comment. Do not, I repeat, not watch this movie when it's shown on the American movie classics (one big station that sank a lot in the last few years). Although I am critical of the film because of its simplified message, I was horrified by the complete disrespect of the station for the church and its traditions. I mean this. The film was interrupted by ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as the pop-ups of the tone (some advertisements have a "sexiest cast" show). Talk about disrespect and rudeness, and I would be equally offended that they did it for any other religious film. Doing this, they not only offend faith, but also marginalize their market - after all, who is hearing about these things and life Brighama Jan?! Is this a movie, in this form, which can you show to your children or recommend to others?!
