Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager who joined Satana (and LSD) from her archaeologist Richard. In the local old castle, where Lepi and Richard live, they drink blood, drop drugs, participate in sex orgies, dance in psychedelic rock, and participate in black mass ceremonies where boys wear trousers, masks and dresses and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, this type of extracurricular activities left Leila open to the demonic possession of the terrible "spirit of evil". Leila also comes from a fucked family, which also does not help. Her older brother John is a hermit who seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschi) is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for the death of her father. Above all, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty half-pro golfer under the name (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is also a lot of hired help to lose more time. Two maids (a young, removing lot and an old man who spy on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeur who spy on Leila and changes clothes, takes her naked pictures and sneaks into a house in the pool to squeeze her fresh swimsuit. Oh, yes, and Borg, a pet German Shepherd. Paul Naschi is father Adrian Dunning, a suspicious priest (zzzzz) who begins to sniff after John and Richard both turned their heads back. Leila tells him: "They say I'm perverse and I will prove it is true!" During her birthday she talks to her guests: "I'm so sick! I hate you all!" and when Mom suggests a doctor comes, she yells: "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie proposes Leila to leave the "sanitarium", but Leila goes back and rejoins the cult. She was rescued (again) and returned home (for the third time). Until this moment in the film, it is only ten minutes left to go and everything we basically saw is a very boring scene of characters who speak and blame on how horrible and fake their lives are and how Leila behaves strangely. Almost as though he was struggling as an Andy Milligan movie, minus up and laughing. But in the end, in the last few minutes we get a movie that implies the title - possession of an exotic painting. Unfortunately, the best part of this is contact lenses that Leila can wear. On her hands, legs and faces, some cheap delays appear, she gets sandy lips, and her eyes get the look of blue and white marbles. He starts to smell of rotten meat, spit out some clean garbage, begins to speak in the voice of his dead father, sneaks into his mother's bedroom, strikes it a little and calls it "dirty whore whore". Father Adrian, who now finally believes that he is truly obsessed, refuses attempts to seduce, hallucinates frogs and eels in the kitchen and opium Leila with holy water. The door opens and closes, the mirror breaks, sudden thunder appears, and the bed rises from the floor. After getting caught in Dunning, and as the two go down the stairs, the ghost is out of it and guess whom? Why, Borg, a family dog! The demonic dog then turns to Adrian and chews him a little before putting him in the fire. Then we'll get one of the most desirable final recordings ever made. Leila is on the floor and goes from her disgusting looks to normal sexual self. But then there is another effect of a time delay that seems to suggest that the demon may have entered his body again. So badly done, you really have no idea what to do, what's the ultimate flush face for anyone who just realized he's lost an hour and a half on this worthless POS. Fasten the contacts, 1 out of 10 is.
