The film stays too long in gray. Very little explains how the movie progresses, which results in many strange sequences that seem to have a deeper meaning, but because of the way of storytelling they become just strange and not understandable to watch. Somehow you force you to look at the film again, but in no way will I do it. It's that I watched this movie in the morning, I'm sure that if I was watching this movie at night, I would fall asleep. For me, the movie was like "Blade Runner". The film leaves too many questions and incredible. The film leaves a meaningless and lasting impression. And the strange look of the movie does not help much. The film halved CGI / halved real life, but it has not been done half as good, impressive, spectacular and imaginative as would have been the case in later movies such as "Sin Citi" and "300". They made even halved movie characters using computers, which looked like a very meaningless and unusual choice, since the animation of characters is not too impressive. It is certain that the futuristic environment still looks good and that the film was obviously not cheap to do, but its style over the essence and in this case it really is not a positive thing to say. Some of the lines are also absolutely horrible and uninteresting. The main god of the film continuously shows the lines as; "I will do this, but it's not your concern why I want to do it." Then do not say anything, Mr. Horus! It's irritating and really easy to put into the movie, if you do not want to explain something about the plot. Also, the deeper issues and meanings of the film are cluttered in the film and its script. Actors were still doing the best they could. They seemed to believe in the project and were sure that what they were doing would be something special. So I can not say anything negative about them. The story and the film are far from the original. It separates itself from many classical and semi-classical, mostly modern, science-fiction films. This is perhaps the reason why the film left a very superficial impression on me. An unsuccessful and uninteresting movie experiment. 3/10
