Somehow I feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who saw this fake movie. I watched him three times, once with comments, and I found myself nervous on all the big plans, all the time when the screen is just red, and worst of all, I feel that the film never solves anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he did not really feel in peace with the city that gave him so much sorrow, or with himself. That and he were an idiot. If there was no comment by Peter Cowboy explaining not only a film, but also a book from which I came, I would not be able to wake him at all. I enjoy French films, but this is completely absurd. The village priest's diary is filmed in a beautiful black and white photo, but it can not save this deadly boring scribble. The scenes after the scene of extreme close-ups where characters do not say anything until the camera cuts off and does not go black. DO NOT make an interesting or relevant story. How this movie has ever become a classic is astounding: it reminds me more of Carevo's new suit. Yes, the performance of Claude Laidua is sincere and provokes thoughts, if you are sadistic, but this film is left I feel empty because it is a generally poor impression of the Catholic clergy, which is a dishonorable and insolent institution of corruption. The triumph of the young priest over the Countess pride is a bad scene, but 90% of the film will take you away with its gloomy introspection and a window into the melancholy thoughts of a young priest. This priest does not encounter so much humility as he is just poor. Since I do not speak or do not understand French, I'm happy to do the English thing SUBTITLE to understand Film. Well, English SUBTITLE is sometimes impossible to watch / read, and the text is so quickly switched on that there was a lot I could not read (and I'm not a slow reader - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). I really wanted this movie to admire. I try everything that is "chosen" by the Criteria Collection, yet I can not see why this in some way deserves some sort of critical nod. However, I did not read this entire two-hour film, which I wanted to feel some kind of empathy towards the main character. He looked like a victim, not a fighter. And for that, I say it's stupid.
