... You can not just get out of the way because it's old; and if you were charity, you could say that the difficult walk she is carrying with her is not her fault. However, in such circumstances it is often difficult to get excited when you find yourself pulling the heels. So it is "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that is, in this way, mostly difficult because the place is wrong; in some way like showing your "breakdancing" skills at the funeral and grandfather's funeral. To prolong the metaphor (maybe reckless!); as an old lady, he begins to feel the placement of a film that his death can not be far away. Certainly, this 'death' is agony long last, slowly unlocking our reserve of compassion in small increments, which depressively comes to the realization that the procedure is only in one direction: Downhill. His strenuous attempt at 'humor' can be seen how a kilometer away - again, not as the dark inevitability of death! Returning once again to the image of 'pulling off the heel', the protagonist, Tom, it has been shown to continuously repeat this action throughout his life. If there really are degrees of 'pathetic', then this juice may be a good pair of markings in front of Schwimmer's other - more familiar - the role. To find yourself in an embarrassing position to flatter the sympathy of the audience with the character even MUCH 'I DO NOT KNOW' than Ross is surely hard to ask even for a 'capable' comedian such as Schwimmer, but I suppose he can find the error inside himself First Sign in to some serious situations. How will she ever escape from her most famous portrait if she chooses scripts where characters might be "interchangeable", even if the situation is not? A man with a long-standing high school is in love with someone he has not seen for years. Sounds familiar... ? Paltrow is nothing but innocently in her Rachel role, but all this passing through the old soil might be forgiving if the DIFFERENT DIFFERENCES of the present were not so inconsistent. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well worn out that it is worn out, and the 'background' is so unsuitable that it seems the best way to show the movie described as something 'harsh' ...! 2/10.
