"A Tovn Called Bastard", a British / Spanish co-production, was made on the heels of Clint Eastwood's success in the Italian trilogy "Man Vith No Name". The template used in most of these films was to employ distinguished American actors, whose careers were largely in decline and their voices would be called. This film is no exception except that they used some British actors. It's hard to summarize the story, but here it goes. The story opens with rebels or anything, led by Robert Shaw and Marin Landau who attack the church and kill everything inside, including priests. Soon go to the subject city a few years later, where Shav's figure turns into a priest. The mayor of the city (Telli Savalas) is a brutal leader who does not mean anything about justice with his gun. Throw in a mixture of the grieving widow Alvir (Stella Stevens) who is seeking his killer husband. Add this to the fact that it is riding in dead bodies that lie dead like in a suitcase for whom God knows why. After the mayor was killed by his assistant La Bomba (Al Lettieri), the city attacked the federal colonel (Landau) in search of the rebel leader (I am sorry, but my name evades). The colonel takes over the city and begins to expel citizens quickly in order to force them to reveal the identity of the leader. Although the film was opened side by side, it is difficult to say from the dialogue that the characters of Landau and Shaw are known. The blind man (Fernando Rey) claims to be able to identify the rebel leader by touching his face. He does that and .............................................. I'm sure the principals have regretted that they made this film. It is simply terrible and deserves my terrible "1" rating. Shav spends most of the film fixing his trademark by looking at who's at hand. Even Landau can not save this film. Beautiful Mrs. Stevens is completely lost here too. I just made Peckinpah's "Ballad of Cable Hogue" the previous year, and it was strange for me to appear in this mess of the film. Savalas made several of these pictures ("Pancho Villa" and "Horror Express" come to mind) during the period before Kojak. Michael Craig is also somewhere in it somewhere as a character called "Paco". Fernando Rey appeared in many of these "Western", although he would appear to play a villain in two films "French Connection". Al Lettieri would also play a role in Kum (1972) and move on to other unforgettable roles before his premature death in 1975. All in all, the version I was looking at lasted only 88 minutes instead of a longer duration 95 or 97 minutes listed on the IMDb, however, I do not see where an additional 7 or 8 minutes would make a big difference. Avoid this.
