I am impressed by the amount of praise left by other commentators on this film. For me, it was a bit of a disappointment, especially a combination of historical facts, fantasy and inner turmoil of the protagonist at all does not work (in Vonnegut's book Slaughterhouse 5, and even in the adaptation of George Roi Hill for the screen). Credibility is often overloaded. Too many questions remain open. Have I missed some central points? Or did I not see lines that allegedly connect points? A boy named Campbell, Jr., grew up in New York. At home, his father has many technical crafts and one book. There are photographs of a bunch of corpses in it. The boy goes through the book, his father does not like to do it. What should this tell me? The family is moving away from New York to Berlin. BANG. It's 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theater playwright. What kind of performance does he write? In which language? Is it successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. Parents return to the United States and invite their son to do the same. He does not do it. Why? Since he grew up in Germany, he feels more German than American? Because it's successful? Because his wife? Because he loves his life there? Because he loves the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and does not love change? Do not ask me. Probably, a man just does not care, he is not interested in politics, some sort of existentialist. He states that he is deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his Republic (which means he and his wife). There is not much evidence to prove his love for his wife in the film, much more is the Republic of Once. At the request of American agent Campbell, the younger, agrees to broadcast anti-Semitic language. Nazis hate propaganda to American listeners as a device for transmitting encrypted messages to US authorities reading between rows. A key meeting with the Berlin-based agent on the bench is short, unobtrusive and anti-climatic, the decision to play is quite simple, without explanation, the ascent to the broadcaster seems unimpeded and obviously fast. So now, we have Campbell, Jr., who is presenting in the air as the Last Free American. The scheme for transmitting classified messages is quite realistic and exciting - although you are wondering what happened when Campbell, the younger, truly and honestly had to cough, shout, etc. (He must have been very disturbed by messages). After all, the Nazis lose, the woman dies (touring the Crimean for German troops - I've never heard such a tour really happen on the German fronts in World War II), Campbell, Jr., says he is going to the Russian front, but he is not going, is caught by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how about that?), pulls on a tour of the landmarks in Auschwitz, then leaves and moves with the help of the Key Agent somewhere in the city of New York. /> AND THIS IS SPONSORS OLD BANG. From now on, it's like a short story by Paul Auster. It was 1961, Campbell, Jr., Lives in a residential building in New York as a victim and complains about the loss of his wife. Nobody really worries - or they? Yes, somehow, and his neighbors are offering some kind of disturbance. Auschvitz survivors. Painter. Some American supremacists reveal "him and want him to be their head. Even for him, they consider the supposed dead woman, or is she his wife?" In any case, at the end of Campbell, the younger, he calls the Israeli Consulate, and certainly gives him a great war The criminal, putting him in a cell near Adolf Eichmann, writes his life story and, after completing this task, hangs on the typewriter strip without being the smallest part. While I see that there must be a guilt and loss issue, I had the impression that the chief person person who is at any time pr personally indifferent to everything and barely capable of love for everyone It is incredible that many critics focus on his status as a potential war hero by putting his reputation on the gamble to play the last free American. In fact, however, Film suggests that accepting the task Campbell has created a situation where everyone gets it, because he would be politically on the safe side regardless of who won the war. The danger of disclosure never appears during the first part of the story. It could be said that the whole story is a dreamlike fantasy and that no one should worry about historical accuracy or the logical development of a story that explains everything. But even then it does not manage to point out, first of all, I assume, because the love affair in the Republic of the two fall completely straight. It's a pity, especially if you consider Sheril Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress, to play the woman. She has too little time on the screen and is forced to use a funny German accent. Others in some way ignored aspect are different texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I assume that this is largely unfeasible. Maybe I should give a chance to a book.
