You can call this a flop, and it's also very big! The quality is not related to the words National Lampoon, but at least items for rest and an animal house were fun, but this offer must be their weakest feature to date. Ugh! The story of three works crazy trying to parody clichés and stereotypes that flooded Hollywood genre films, which turned out to be completely immortal and rough slag. - Jason corporate lawyer decides to leave the job and split up with his wife so they can both grow and do what they always wanted. It's life, as Jason sees it, and he takes care of children, but his decision to follow this path may not be right. Talk about lead, boring and stiff. There is only a real interest in the small performance of the beautiful Diana Lane. It seems that the satirical element here points to something rather than on the delivery itself. Stupid humor is tense, flat and especially meaningless. Peter Riegert holds that he is very bulky in the lead, and Teresa Ganzel has bubbles in his role. "Successful Requesters" - After completing a collage, Dominicus Corsair gets a job as a stripper and rapes with the butter of the dairy company's president. To get revenge, she becomes interested in the margarine industry and practically pours to the very top. Probably the best of three, but the competition was not too big. they want to be more subtle with their sexually and strongly oriented tone, but still feel more sticky and forcing. Idea had something promising and inventive to get on with it, but the pace of the pace is starting to be exhausted and the catastrophic dialogue is not humorous , but is not often released, despite hunger. Seductive Ann Dusenberri is pretty cool and manipulative (and after a terrible temptation) and loves to fulfill it all. Even scarce clothing for strippers got a full exercise for the first half of the story, and they appear in funny little pieces from Dick Millar, Marie Voron, Olimpia Dukakis, Fred Villard, Robert Culp and Joe Spinella's favorite twist. "Municipal" - a serial killer who leaves copies of a driver's license behind every murder, followed by an enthusiastic naive cop, a newcomer and his old partner. However, a young policeman teaches that it is difficult to be the only way to go, when the couple finds out one situation for another. Stupid! Oh yes. Of course, if you want to set something extra on top, be sure that the laugh will get out of it. Apparently they forgot! Even in 30 minutes of running, the boy pulls it! Robbi Benson's gracefully ridiculous performance got quite a bit of pride with tired Richard Vidmar who worked very little as his partner. Kristofer Lloyd underlines the role of a serial killer, but his stupid and compassionate performance works well and mostly shows other tracks. Elisha Cook Jr., Rhea Perlman and Harri Reems appear. When jokes come, they really feel uncomfortable and become pretty stiff with the repetition to mock these police clichés. All in all, the idiotic material coined by his sketches comes as a one-time, and unbearable script is basically incompetent and foolish. Only one or two gags make up each segment, but in fact there are too many cheap stinkers or common flaws that are kept in the head. This is because it practically becomes what it is trying to entertain and it basically shows in every story. Loses sight. Performances range from hot to cold, but I can not deny the shame that is felt on most of their faces. The first taste of the director Bob Giraldi is empty for "Growing Yourself", but "Successful Seniors" have shown some less brilliant effects. Henry Jagl's busy work on "municipalities". Live drawings by Rick Meierovitz who open the film are neatly designed and continue to set the style and mood. This low-rim comedy refuses it by exaggerating it, and the main interest is done by familiar cameos. But really, is it worth it to go through this deadly lame and restless rest, just to spot them? Well, that's up to you.
