I will review this program as short as possible. Skip. Low budget, not ridiculous, bad. Not as bad as writing, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I will continue to write more than I need. This is a three-segment film, each of which has parodied some other type of film. A much more entertaining movie with this same idea is "Movie Movie" with George C. Scott. Very vague, but worth the search. MM parodied films of the thirties of the last century, with elegance, precision and dry spirit. This film is not. Parodies of three types of films, allegedly from the late 70's, in the early 80's, are just parody of films for which (almost) I have never heard of. The first is, I suppose, the parody of Kramer vs. Kramer, in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with the poor scenario. The other is a parody, I do not know what ... the novel of Danielle Steele? I mean, you might see this story on television, but in the movie? I mean, I remember 70s, I was there. This is a parody of the soap opera about a young woman sleeping on the road to power. Such things are usually parodied, so I do not see how it was necessary at all. We are on somewhat easier field with the third segment, "Municipalities", which parodies the films of the policemen. I recorded the elements "The Nev Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry", both of which were almost 10 years old when the film was made. Yes, nice and up-to-date. Robbie Benson plays an idealistic young rookie (on-the-top vimpi) while Richard Vidmark plays a gray veteran cop who drinks whiskey while sitting in a police car (OH! Stop! My pages! He actually drinks alcohol in a police car! Imreverent!) I think this was the first film after the "Animal House" to have the name "National Lampoon". Vov. Going for five years from this classic movement to this crowd of balloons is nothing more than shocking. I could talk for hours about the sad rejection that caused one of the most contemporary and most original voices in American humor (that would be the National Lampoon, the original magazine for the first 10 years) to sell and start a long, slippery slide into the world of shit, where now the magazine has long gone and exists only as a brand for waterfalls of low-budget "comedic" films for a fee. Another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) is so bad. In any case, this film is a serious moment. Do not spend your 90 minutes. I want my back. On the positive side, Fred Villard is in it!
