I used to laugh several times during this film. I laughed loudly during the notarization of margarine delivery (literally). In this film there are three segments. The first should be a "female" grin that grows and launches career films. The Tampak® box was the most fun thing in this segment. Most members of the actors are not listed here on the IMDb. They are lucky. Few other people will be able to connect this thing with failed acting actors. The second segment is a veil of "a woman who sleeps to the top and takes control of big films in the industry". Robert Culp has a few funny moments, all the physical humor, including the aforementioned handover. After his character dies, the segments fall lower and lower as Dominicus Corsaire rises more and more. When she became the first lady, I wanted to get the cable out of the TV and watch "snow". Instead, I switched to Pakistani music videos. I do not understand urdu, or any other language in which the videos were. It's even better to listen to the dialogue in this painfully boring "story." Then came "municipalities" with * big * stars, half of them on the screen less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Younger, Christopher Loyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Ioungman, Julie Cavern, Richard Vidmar and .. Robbie Benson. young police teams with hardened, poisoning an elderly policeman who needs retirement films *. Horizontal flash on the police car is very impressive. It was interesting to see the old RTD buses, the Shell sign of the gas station, and the American Savings symbol - none of them are anymore nearby. Nagurski "Never stand anywhere, you may have to get out of the car," for a moment I smiled. Then they talk about how young a cop is dull. Much. Back and back on how boring it is. It was boring as this description of how bored it is. Nagaur law number four: "Never go to the music store that was cut with acetylene torch," I said that I think the music store is the right job at the place where the dispatcher gave it. Thinking about it was more interesting than setting up for the gags that followed. Young Falcone (Benson) was killed. Much. He becomes a stubborn policeman like Nagursky. Segment continues. Constantly. And on. He will not stop. He is continuously rolling on, no matter how many times you wish he had already died * so this thing will end. It's not. This continues and continues ... Then there is the episode "Buffy Vampire Slaier" that I've already seen four times. Thank God! This movie ended up when I went to the post office.
