Facts about the national lapun in movies, a.k.a. Film madness of the national lamp: 1. The film is bad, even according to the typical standards of the company Lampoon. 2. It's not funny. 3. Nobody wants to watch a movie. So after I looked at it, I began to wonder why on earth it's called "National Lampoon Goes to Movies," and why it was ever conceived, much less made. It would be like calling Austin Povers "The American guy goes into movies." How miserable. He is not an American and does not go to the movies. None of the characters in Lampoon's so-called "satire" is not funny, and nobody watches movies, which causes the problem. I was hoping it would be something in the spirit of the Mystery Science Theater 3000, but it did not. This was the first National Lampoon movie after the Animal House, although you can not tell it from the quality of the movie. Poorly developed, rough and amateur by any standard, causes headaches? is not a good sign for a 89-minute movie that looks twice as long. I noticed a sample. Really bad movies are usually renamed? and this small disaster belongs to this category. It has two separate titles - probably to help promote people who are too stupid to remember how much panning they got from home video critics 1982/83. Hmm, movie madness? I've never heard of this movie before! Let's rent it! And then, the realization: 'Hey, wait a minute, this is just the National Lampoon goes to movies!' MGM / UA put it on a shelf, it was never released in cinema or DVD; Occasionally he appears on television several times a decade, which is almost the only place to find. It is divided into three stories? parody of self-enlargement videos, butter and corporal dishonesty, and police brutality / policeman films (I suppose). The first segment is Peter Riegert (Animal House) as a frustrated guy who is divorcing from his wife and doing some other thing. I'm not sure what, because he was so boring my mind began to rock. Until the sex scene arises. Part II is about an exotic dancer raped by a butter pole (do not ask) who decides to become a queen of margarine in order to discontinue the supply of dairy products. Ouch! This contains the only funny line in the movie: "Only I can make love with my son!" If you think it does not sound so funny, are you right? it's not. And just imagine? This is the highlight of this film! Part III is about a policeman who is chasing a serial killer (Christopher Lloyd) just to lose his nerve and shoot him. It contains a funny scene, but it's extremely exaggerated? only Lloyd really shows any humor, playing his character superfluous and compassionate, but strangely surreal. The part in which he suffers his sacrifice and the meek police officer standing by watching how everything unfolds, at least, provoked a smile or two. low standards. The writers of each segment clearly believe that they are very ironic and smart by lying to the so-called stereotypes? The mistake is that the film becomes a huge contradiction, favored by standard T & A instead of complications; rough humor instead of witty dialogue; desperate performances instead of inspired. It's easy to see that none of the actors were thrilled with material, murmuring their lines, often so embarrassed that they rarely see contact with the camera. The film is not ridiculous, as I said before. I once laughed, only on one line, and even then he was half-hearted. Two laughs, a smile and a very bad laugh. Compared to Movie Madness, many other comedic comedies look like regular songs for laughter. I love the National Lampoon's Vacation series (or at least three out of four rates), and their classic Animal House, but their recent hit bombs with a direct link to a video such as the Golf Punks (with this brilliant comedic genius by Tom Arnold) give a good example of why their magazine disappeared more than a decade ago. It's getting really old, very fast. It's sad to see a new movie, called Gold Diggers, which is issued with their "Seal of Approval". It's like judging a movie before it hits the theater? Maybe they should start not to advertise their name everywhere? Distributor: 'This film is bad. It receives the approval of the National Lamp. It will teach you not to do something so terribly next time. Forget the death penalty. Just put a bunch of criminals into the room and make them watch this again and again every day for a month. It is so bad that I can not even begin to explain his abomination. I give up.
