Vov. I read about this movie and it sounded so terrible that I had to see it, and my God, I can smell it in St. Louis. Where do I start? National Lampoons tried to follow five years later on the success of the Animal House, but they completely missed the rating. I'll go chronologically with these brief moves. Short Film # 1 Poor Peter Riegert (Boon from Animal House). Obviously, he did not work at that time, so the guys from National Lampoons called and said, "Hey, we make a c ** ppi movie, will you be in it?" Peter was like "good, I do not work much these days, why not?" He was an excellent minor at Animal House, but he could not carry this wicked short flop in 5 minutes. POSSIBLE SPOILER The premise is ridiculous enough, with Jason Cooper (Riegert) who tells his wife to leave him must be found. It is too strange that they are actually in a happy marriage. So she drove her away, she went there, and Cooper was in charge of the children. This, of course, leads to him burning a house, losing several children and sleeping with a range of New York bimbos (including so young Diana Lane). Then the woman returns, wants her children, and the film ends with a flip that will decide the fate of children. The idea was actually a bit smart, but the director was astounded. All the characters look like they were asleep, they had to be overloaded. We're sorry, Boon, your legacy has been shaken by this flop. Short Film # 2 MORE SPOILER Enter the Dominicus Corsaire. A beautiful girl, a recently completed college, is not sure what to do with her life. So she becomes a slut, begins to sleep with some mega rich, takes her money when she dies, and she does not stop until she is filled with the most powerful man in the world, Fred Villard (Uf, I mean the president of the United States). Once again, it could have been ridiculous, and although I was happy that the carr (Ann Dusenberri in real life) was not afraid to take everything, her acting was terrible. What a waste of time. Short Film # 3 <br /> <br /> <br /> I can not believe I've arrived so far. Here's the newest policeman Brent Falcone (Robbie Benson) with veteran Stan Vidurski (Richard Vidmark). Falcone is young, naive, thinks he can really help people, even though he becomes cynical after he fired several thousand times. Nagursky really gave up on worries. He sees muggings, attacks, your name, and never intervenes. He thinks the world is lawless and will probably be sad if he does anything. Even Christopher Lloyd (at the end of taxi running) is taking action, taking police officers as they call him, committing a crime, but having his lawyer protecting him. God bless America! Once again, it could be funny, the performances were purposely camps, but goodness, without any energy. Henry Jagl and Bob Giraldi should be ashamed of what their names are in this shelter. I think the writing was not bad, the ideas existed, but the execution was withdrawn, as well as the rescue attempt in the Iranian crisis of hostages. If I were part of this film, I would like to remove my name, it's terrible. And again, that's why I watched him. The only good thing about this garbage is that Dr John recorded a movie (repeating "Going to the Movies" over and over again) and the movie is not much longer than an hour and a half. Show this movie at the movies titled "What NEVER to do in a movie". This letter was supposed to be left on the shelf because it was so bad.
