NOTE TO ALL DIRECTORS: Debt is not necessarily good. This film is incredibly long. However, it's not good. The scenes are drawn in the way, way, way, way, too long. The sex of sex was unnecessary, and often too long. The film was arranged for up to 2 hours and 10 minutes, or something like that would be remarkable, but the avarage has become so boring that I can only give 2 out of 10. That's far below the average. Some in this marathon also have other problems. 1) Ralph Fiennes plays the whole family tree. The guy who played the grandfather does not look anything like him, but the grandfather, father and son (who gives us a constant unnecessary voice) are all Ralph Fiennes with different hair on the face and the same basic personality. It seems that nobody notices that each of these children looks like a clone of the last one, even though photographs are moving at every step. This one is smaller, but the film did not last for 3 weeks, it would not be so boring. 2) The fact that no news from Germany is the longest whisperer of the Jews who are rounded up and sent are ridiculous. A word would come to them, and the idea of ​​an escape route would probably be considered. Uncle in France would certainly send a warning to try to get them to leave. 3) Love stories in this movie are completely wrong. Spend it forever by telling us this thing and developing the relationship between the main characters is extremely short. Suddenly ... people are in love and almost immediately ... married. Then she has children. Then we pull out things for six centuries and forget about the development of relationships. This would not have popped up so much in a two-hour movie, but with the time we spent, nothing was given to us. 4) The end was bad. I do not want to spoil it to anyone, but you will not like it ... if you are not sadistic. The director / writer should torture him with the need to watch this stuffed garbage. Once a week, I mean an endless loop, oops, it's the same thing. I wonder if Robert Redford did something for this movie, I think Istvan Szabo had to model his career after him. A long drawn film that completely destroys any substance in the film. A brief description of the horse whistle and the sun's shine. Sun, the perfect title. If you start watching the sun shines, it's likely to be good after dark when you leave.
