Aaron Spelling made this a television set in the West that gets a horrible dance for a movie of seventy-three minutes. The game is probably a failed pilot series. Clint Valker is a handsome American marshal Dave Harmon, who walks in Iuma, the Arizona Territory in time to kill one of the brothers of a local big ranch who is on the treadmill. Valker leads another brother to jail. Valker meets a "sweet" homeless Mexican kid who sleeps in jail. One night, Andres postpones when a negativac and another man dressed in military blue take the remaining brother to the street and kill him, dropping the murder on Walker. It's not good for the first 24 hours at work. Walker visits a local military fortress and ranks the commander's chains. The great woman hears about the death of her brothers and returns to the city on time to keep his chains ranked. The local population, which the army briefly changed on its beef, is also ranked in the chain. Since all these chains have become wounded, Walker still has time to please the local owner of the hotel. A guy from the army involved in the murder ends a deadly local cattle buyer is indifferent, the Indians are reluctant to speak, and the climax leads to an incredible calculation, as Walker has to prove to the city that the bad buyer of cattle had a boss, someone we suspected was has always been helpful. There is a semi-sub-plot that includes the death of the Walker family in the hands of military attackers, and I think it would be a force behind the series that it was buried. Instead, the movie ends abruptly, and I've always been waiting for scenes from an exciting episode next week. Due to the disappearance of the exit for non-existent commercials, the pacing is off and his story jumps into the attack. Valker is handy, sturdy and has a deeper voice than a well. The rest of the actors are full of television actors that you probably saw in other television films. A large part of the action is pretty sloppy, and violence is lukewarm. The first brother who was killed gets a shot from the pistol and falls without scratches on it. I did not expect "Reservoir Dogs", but this is the wrong movie that children learn about the evil of weapons! Speaking of children, a Mexican kid here goes very quickly from "sweet" to "aneurysm that provokes anger". If you do not like Westerna, then you do not like "Iuma". If you love Western, then you will still love "Iuma". I can not recommend that. This is unconfirmed but contains physical violence and violence in the weapon. <br /> <br />
