If the term was not geographically and semantically meaningless, it could be called "Ned Kelli" as "Australian Western". For People Down Under, Ned Kelly was obviously a popular hero of a bandit like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clay, and Buco Kasidi and Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and outlaw after being falsely accused of killing an Australian policeman, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put in prison. In order to return to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan and two others, became notorious bank robbers, winning the hearts of many people in the village as they struck out for justice in a country where Irish immigrants are often disrespectful and disdainful of those who They led the country. Perhaps because we have encountered this Gentleman Bandit scenario so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels awfully well-known and non-genuine because he honors any number of genres of stereotypes and clichés on the way to the inevitable Calculation. Ned is a typical violator of the law of gold that kills only when it is forced and even then, with only the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of an ordinary nation, when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the buyers, after one of his gangs stole it so recklessly. Which movie on this subject did not have such a scene? Such acts of selective generosity, of course, deserve the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly pass on to anyone who can get out of his power and the status of the house. Jeffrey Rush is a typical policeman who feels ugly and who feels a personal interest in lowering this excitement who is constantly running the tuning of the institution. There is even an inevitable episode in which one of the lady who is being held goes to a neighboring room and sex with one of the robbers, so that she is turned towards the romantic enthusiasm of the criminal way of life. The film is burdened with this kind of scene like this one after another. Heath Ledger fails to isolate himself in the lead role, making little sense for his character to be interesting or interesting. It was not helpful that he was forced to provide a droning voice narrative that emphasizes commitment and pretentiousness both of character and film. Ned Kelly could serve as some kind of function. as a lesson from Australian history, but as a party, it's just the same old story told by various accents.
