I heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as soon as I heard the cult hips. As it turned out, the first film of the new Empress Roth, it's just such a difficult effort with the fall of IK points as the movie progresses. There are worse bad movies, and certainly more bloodthirsty ones (although I'm not sure how the hippie meter has become so high on the bloodshed in the hostel, there's a good amount for fans of the genre). Even though this is not necessarily bad: children go to the cabin for a week's party to meet a very sick man, covered in blood, burning in panic. He is dumped dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all the characters are in one way or another subjected to a virus that eats meat. The characters, or leading college students (including Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a stupid bar-bar) or people who support the village, are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully. As they meet their fate, the citizens become quite strange, and they seem to be together without much laughter; "Pancake kid" is coming from nowhere, and maybe he might have been more fun in another film or to himself, but in the context of the rest of the film, it just does not work. There is also a young policeman who is even duller and less convinced than others. And the family that goes after DiBella after the incident has some opportunities that have not been realized. But all the time, Roth pumps his scenario with common sense through the window and sudden fears and fears when people hack the blood to each other and how a moving dog is killing around. And that's not all about it. Now, unlike smaller films with a chorus of lullabies or even those smaller than the '70s or '80s - which I am sure is a Roth-hard-fan, it does not make it unacceptable. It's also wise not to have any explanation of where the virus comes from. But unlike such films, he also does not have a very good idea of ​​what it's for a great time for camping. His film is trying to do it, of course, and it only makes him one or two times a foolish, bloody time (I like the sting bitch Strong sees while on the stroller). It's not even very badly taken a lot of time (although with its own selection of stylish red-tinted alphabets on the lens or that story with bowling workers). It simply contains many illogical scenarios and selected decisions (shave legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and aims to be a fairly typical terrain. If it's your tea, more power for you. But in the end, I found that this is actually a non-exceptional genre territory that does not offend the sensibility of the audience ala Sav, but it does not move behind the fence or as a smart B-movie. Roth also has the courage to end the movie on the true "what-hell" note, because Santa Claus bearded by a shop dealer from a previous movie serves a bunch of blacks. It could work if it is accompanied by something better, or if it is completely dropped. The same can be said for many films. C-
