The assumption of cabin fever begins so that it can offer something. A group of teenagers after finishing (in autumn?) Going to a resort in the forest where one-on-one attacks uninvited eating viruses. Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of film quality. The cabin of fever is more than a college looking for sex, a drink, continually talking about nothing, and seeing how much F-bombs can get in 1:40 minutes or whatever the mess. Children play and act stupidly on everything around you. One of them, for example, reveals that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? She constantly shakes her legs, not getting proper medical help for her wounds. The scene is a bit more than a rough one. In the second scene, Rider Strong from "Boi Meets World" bites a kid who only says "Pancakes" and likes to make karate blows to those who sit next to him. If you can find out why the "Pancake" kid is on, I would like to know. In any case, the rider catches a wild dog and goes to wash his hands in the most likely contaminated stream. Another kid loves to throw F-bombs in response to everything around him and shoot squirrels. Why? Your assumption is as good as mine! Rider Strong is ONLY a child who has any recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people between shouting and screaming and F *** I **! bombs people throw. When children do not shout, have or talk about sex, or talk nonsense to other adult characters who are even more (if possible) idiotic than children! An idiotic cop with an IK of 60 at best can be one of the LARGEST acting pieces I've ever seen in a movie. You're talking about people who do not play with a full swing, this jerk does not know how to find tickets! LOL! I was like, "Will you shut up already?" He makes the actors look like geniuses! The only part that I liked was Rider's scary story (though bloody) about a disrupted bowling tip. In interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going a bit more than shock and worse. There are too many bad things about this film for Mr. Roth to get any kind of credit. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something similar about this movie. Perhaps the autumn landscape is at the beginning? In fact, Rider Strong JUST prepares this movie to be 1! I hope he is compensated for this trash!
