I rented and watched this movie for the first time on a DVD without reading reviews about it. So after 15 minutes of watching, I noticed that something is wrong with this film; it's horrible! I mean, in the trailers it looked scary and serious! I think Eli Roth (Mr. Director) thought that if all the characters in this movie are stupid, the movie would be ridiculous ... (So it's stupid, funny ...? FUN!) Trebalo would watch and learn from better comedies such as "Fright Night", "Lost Bois" and "Return of the Dead Dead"! That's funny! The "crash of fever" is the reason why I registered on iMDb.com so I could rid my opinion of dissatisfaction. I decided to watch the movie the second time> AAARGH! <and make notes for my partial "review" to show how much the movie is stupid. "Resident Evil" (horror) or "Dude, Vhere's We Car?" (comedy) I can constantly watch and enjoy again! But this ...! How bad can a scenario and a director be? This is bad. Here are the terrible scenes in chronological order: In the early stages, we see Henry, who does not realize that his dog is lying on the ground with his tongue hanging from his mouth and a dead glazing glance dead! The film does not explain anything about the blonde long -ing kid who loves to bite people. My answer to Marcino's unanswered question ("What's wrong with the noise?") is "nothing." In the script, this bearded type warned them of the forest only because of "uncertainty". Then, the "smartest" of the 5 packages, Bert, almost gave us an example of how to start a forest fire. He sees the now-infected Henry seeking help, and from here, the movie wants to put a record in the use of "F-word". Bert starts to cry because Henry looks terribly ill. Bert: "Do not make me shoot you!" (Forgetting to add: "... with my BB pistol!") Bert returns to the cabin, but what do you say? She met Marci and Jeff who had sex, but now they suddenly decide to go out for a walk! Marci wisely takes out the unprotected campfire that Bert started earlier (The Moment of Clarity for Change?) Bert does not mention the word about Henry, for the fool thinks he killed him with his BB gun. <br /> Later, while the five of Estupidos sit around campfire, another freak appears with her dog. (Maybe that's what the forest warning is saying? It's full of freaks ... and their dogs !?) They let him sit with them just because he has a huge bag of full cannabis. (Their brains are completely under the influence of alcohol! It's no wonder why they are so stupid!) This is the last time we'll see this character ... alive! Henry appears in their cabin, (NOTE: He was lying all the time several meters from their cab !!!) looked up, almost like a zombie, covered with goo! He says he needs a doctor. But Young Einstein refuses to help the poor naive. He enters their unlocked truck that, of course, has a key in the lock. Henry seems almost smart enough to drag hell out of there, but instead he starts to vomit blood through the control panel, seats and windows. Fantastic five go out running, armed: BB gun, knife, baseball bat (* a? Tried to play baseball in the middle of the forest ???), poker and (insecticide?) Spreju can, ready to fight against one, unarmed and terribly sick man . (smart script!) Bert manages to kill a car by shooting his BB Gun, which is possible only in the head of director Eli Roth. "What else can I do?" Bert shouts in his defense. Jeff and Paul are trying to get Henry out with their bat and poker, but instead they miss and crush truck windows. Henry comes to stupid girls saying, "He's coming to us!" (Thanks for the information, nonsense, I can see it! But I do not think he wants to harm you!) Marsi sprays into his eyes, making Henry scream! And our "hero," Pole, touched Henry's hand with a burning column from the campfire, which they had left worse off while they were inside the cabin! (Where has all this wisdom disappeared? I suppose that cannabis began to take its tribute! :-) Henry turns into a human torch and runs away screaming. The next day, Bert and Jeff head for mechanics. And Marci decides to "go for help" alone, in the woods, while Paul stays with Karen ... Does that sound idiotic? Marcy could stay with Karen and Paul because Jeff and Bert had already "gone for help"! Now I skip my comments about how suddenly we see Marci at CANOE that rocks a huge and winding river! How did she get a canoe? Does he even know where he is going?? In any case, she goes to the bank of the river and finds a very large and seemingly abandoned cabin and, as in most horror films, enters the cabin saying, "Hello? Is there anyone?" Bert suddenly jumped behind the furniture and was scared (and me at the beginning). Nevertheless, Jeff comes. How did they come here? Did they swim the river? Do you see how the script is meaningless? Deputy Vinston meets Paul in the cabin. Somehow he does not notice the blood on the truck. It takes about 35 minutes to watch and I decided to stop bothering myself and pulling out the DVD. (Before I get my own eyes! ... There, it's funny!) If you like this movie, do yourself a favor and watch "Fright Night", "The Lost Bois", or "Return of the Living Dead". Then you'll see that they are more fun than this ... stuff. Even "Tokic Avenger part 2", which is also a bad movie, is much more fun than "Cabin Fever".
