** SPOILERS BELOV !!! ** The cabin of fever has my mark for the worst movie of the year ... that I've seen. This film is just GARBAGE! Much is wrong with a movie that can not help but is amazed at how badly it really is. This film had so much potential to be good, but in the end it did nothing. The characters were stupid as one; for the entire movie you are wondering "why would you do it?" or "what is the point in it?" ... these are illogical and stupid characters. We do not get the background in them, so, of course, you do not give rats as their destiny ... you could only laugh at their stupidity. - "Slut" (Marci), for example ... is she so angry she had to sleep with Paul (Rider Strong)? There was no point in it ... almost as if the authors of the film had to excuse that the virus would give it such a voile! UGH. - Would anyone really go into the woods and drink water from the cockpit WITHOUT looking at it first? - Why did Bert not just shoot at the patient from the beginning? The film would be that way ... besides, they still killed him. - Why did they take so much time to finally decide to leave the cabin, even if they had to walk? "No, I'll just wait for two of my friends to be infected (one blink away from death) in order to finally decide to get out of here." "Get out of the body of a hermit, just to fall into a contaminated reservoir and get infected with the virus" PURE STUPIDITY! I swear, common sense was not a friend, and even less knowledge of those idiots, I do not think there was a worse ending of the film. In the beginning, the kids ask the treasury for what a rifle is, and he replied that "it for the blacks. "At the end of the film, three young blacks (dressed in sackcloth, one of them in a du- rag) go to the store ... come to find out that the treasurer cleans it for hunting use, then keeps giving them all pounds and handling and joking with them as if they are his guys. Good , what was that point?!?!?!? How much can be foolish, what did the filmmakers think to put it in the film? As a black man, I was offended by the original 'black' comments. My question for filmmakers: what was the purpose of the end with black children? Was it supposed to make me forget about the initial racist comments earlier? To get rid of things with black viewers, getting out of it? Well, I, I NOW, did not think that this poor humor was at least funny. The whole movie was a joke ... A PATRIC attempt to film a movie that should not be given at the time of the day. Peter Jackson really thought this movie was good? What movie was he watching? ZERO * of **** stars .... if I could give a lower rating bih. Please, IMDb'ers, do not waste 1/2 hours of your precious life watching this horror movie. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
