I do not know if the cabin should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's much closer to joking than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror filmmakers decided to make a new step and make fun of that genre, giving birth to the Scream series. The list is given in Scream, of all the stupid things that will make the characters of the horror films predictable, and the characters in Scream have finished with the same things, which added much humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to the hope that horror films from now show a little different, whether it's full irony to the genre, self-mocking of the film itself, or at least differently in its dramatic process from all the "old" movies that have responded to the same tired criteria. Seeing "cabin fever", unfortunately, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and even frivolous some supposedly "terrifying" movies are now, even years later. First of all, this film lacks originality in the way that others do it. It has been said many times, how little imaginative horror directors today have, transforming the remake of foreign sequences, but setting up a movie in a cabin in the forest simply does not look like a "homage" to anything, it seems simply ripoff. Whoever wants to be surprised by other factors of the film story will not be: again, it's a film whose characters are in the early twenties, who will not think rationally when faced with the problem, rather quarrel for hours and pick up fights rather than try to think and do Something about it. There was not much excitement there. Several times in a horror movie, they are tempted to love, to make love, and to have fun, all kinds of things that actually do not make them different from any other horror victims they have seen before. Secondly, this film is unimaginably serious. Every situation in which the characters are found, every dialogue, every situation in the film is treated so seriously that any viewer with a little sense of ridicule will be eased when some characters finally end up dying. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written, or acting shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite unusual since the film is about the invisible-never-heard-from-before-meat-eating-virus (without laughter please) . I will not even talk about acting, because in this film there are no actors. Actors were certainly engaged for friends or neighbors with the director. Thirdly, and this will affect the one who has seen "good" horror movie before, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("Let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes any sense, neither in the facts, nor in the psychology of characters, nor even in the hysterical lame of the last sequence of the film, which is probably he should be ridiculous to the director and scriptwriters. In the end I will just point out that the horror film should have something terrifying. Gallons of false blood, whether they were vomiting, screaming from cut limbs or simply dropping from the wounds, were never enough to scare the audience. Such main characteristics as script, ideas, and even cruelty are being sought for those who claim to have filmed something scary. If I do not think that this is a total failure, I would agree that the film has one talent: it is dirty to look at. Yet, if you are distorted and scared, these are two very different feelings, let it be known. I would like to encourage every little curious or interested person to see this movie in order to first check out older big horror films. why not from the sixties, seventies, eighties, the films of Ves Craven, Daria Argenta, Sam Raymy, Stanley Kubrick, David Linch, Roger Corman, Villy Lustig, John Carpenter ... may not only give a good definition what is scary, or only -buttering horror, but also persuading viewers that the "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of the film is a few songs provided by composer Angelo Badalamenti for this film, although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are below everything he has ever done.
