Anyone who read my review for Uwe Boll's song "I'm in the Dark" will remember that I compared the uninvited task of sitting through this piece of human waste to get out every hair on your hand. Well, take that analogy a step further with this irreparable waste and try to imagine the pain of pulling your teeth without a novice. Do it and you will have a general idea of ​​what is all about Eli Roth's "cabin". I never believed that any movie is capable of overcoming the powerful torture that Uwe Boll is performing. as "the worst movie ever made". But, frankly, I must say that the "Fever Cab" comes very close. This is another sad excuse for a movie that has absolutely no valid reason to meet any kind of theater issue. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth, he has created the most unpleasant and tangled patch movie I think I've ever seen in my life. How to screw this story up? Think about the potential that this action would have without badly written characters, without bad writing, and without all that unnecessary and optional comedy. A film dealing with a grotesque virus that eats meat could and should have been much better than what Roth gave us here. This script failed on so many levels with me. And, although I do not doubt the obvious talent that this director owns, I know that he has cheated the ball many times on an idea that could very well redefine the genre of horror. Say that this was the production of missed opportunities would really be a rough word game. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can not even be preserved, and this is one element that I'm going for. There was really nothing about "cabin fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three quarters of the crowd get out of the theater halfway, you know that the film is sinking fast. My best advice for those reading this is to simply rent before buying. One look was more than enough for me to know that I probably would never be bothered with it anymore.
