Difficult moralism. Writers use signs as spokespersons to speak for themselves. Predictable, dotted points (say five times fast). Imitation Britney Spears child. This movie has all the tags for life special discrepancy. I honestly believe that Jesus Heaven and Julia Montejo set out to create a thoughtful, emotional film about a difficult subject, exploring the idea that things are not always black and white, that the criminal who by definition is not necessarily a bad human being , and that there may be mitigating circumstances, especially when the welfare of the child is first placed. However, their honesty ends with channeling into a pre-group dialogue and the three situations set up to move the plot. Sufficient production values ​​and the interesting use of documentary-style shots are not enough to achieve their goal when the script and the acting fall. Logic is often compromised to create tension: Soid first tries to blackmail Pablo to participate in her documentary film in return for escape aid, and then tells him in the same breath she does not trust her because she does not help them altruism. Of course. And for the man on the run, Pablo is too cloned with temperament. Cristina's well-being is so important to her that she escapes from imprisonment and imprisonment or deportation for her, but is willing to risk everything to calm her when she does not want to go to Mexico. Right. Talk over overly sensitive parenting. Third, when Pablo's employer Charlie gave his phone to Detective Bright, she is extremely unprofessional, especially given her work experience - did she really think she was convincing? Oh, yes, I would betray myself. CCH Pounder's Detective Vims could wipe the floor with her. To be honest, I would like to quote the things that I like. Um, I liked the dwarf. And I liked the fact that the dwarf is called Sexy. There is a changeover, always plus; juvenile crossing, no less! Harry is infinitely sweet from Cristina. But my favorite moment in the movie must be when Cristina hits Detective Not-So-Bright. It is also interesting to me that in a large minority (which I highly appreciate, by the way), the black figure is racist. Too bad that it was just thrown out there and was not further explored. There is a special, unconventional score, but it is generally general non-specific in context, not reinforcing mood or tension in any scene, except for the pathetic, anxious twist every time the main character is in anxiety, as if they think his work does not show enough: "In case you are not sure, he is upset, and we have musical signs to prove it." Stylish, clickable dialogue results in depressive lack of subtext; in dialogue, everything must be written, even when the body language is elevated, and then it is transmitted quite well. For example, every passionate speech by Pablo and Mrs. Knight's regret that her child will not crawl in the morning. 'Papi, tell me again about mom' - which is a shameless, open exposure that introduces a generic dead woman! (She is always the most beautiful woman a widow ever saw, the most loved one she ever met. Why do not we see a man crying over a woman like Shakespeare - she can be fat, ugly, disgusting, but his love for her is deep as the oceans? Now there is a story that would launch me.) The police that literally one step behind them gives many scenes the feeling of the French Farce. Most of the boring thumps for the legs ever - Bright and Lightning are so out of form and easily deceived (it's certainly not as fast as lightning, and she, well, I do not feel the need to spill). A guy who pulls a little child threatening a bicycle policeman, along with a fiercely biker who fights, but then he's a child of a sitter? To quote Margaret Cho, it's so sad. Would we ever see it at 'Cops'? Hacked and superior deus ek machina: as an employer, would you really give up checking his green card just because he can quote the author's inspirational exposure on the poster behind your desk? Plus several scenes, including the above, threatens to be transferred to pornography: "Well, I will do this service for you, as long as you do something for me ..." I almost hear the ball- ball-ball. When parents look at the recording of Pablo's remorse, a drowning mother is the most serious film she feels. Unfortunately, this is diminished by the fact that it looks completely influenced by its emotional speech until it goes to the ballistic. A more ambivalent look would be more convincing. I am steadfastly awe of the absurdity of the protagonist who is doing things for conspiracy: holding a shop without a mask, visiting the tomb of a dead girl. And why does not the mother recognize his face since he saw him before he drove away?! "It looks like you're terribly familiar ..." What is the purpose of this completely unnecessary, somewhat defective scene with Soid and artificially reinforced bartender? Personality development? Tch. Too little, too late. Speaking of the unnecessary features that have never gone anywhere, Detective Lightning says that Bright's skeptical detective must be Scorpio and shows how little he knows about the occult. And I think that belief in destiny can not be qualified as a voodoo mumbo jumbo. At the end, when Bright keeps Pablo while dying - wait, why is she now care? Her character is as inconsistent as Soid. What, he must only shoot him because she said "Stop, or will I shoot"? (She has so far cared about her integrity.) He was unarmed. There was no need for a deadly force. What's wrong with killing him in the leg to get him disabled? Finally, Cristina's childrens acceptance of her mother's death was given by dr. And the invention of the family whose child is killed becomes Cristina's new family ... It makes me angry that she could be a 'substitute' for their girlfriend. It is also unrealistic that the white couple took the Latin daughter of a man who killed his own daughter. I'm not saying there are no generous, beloved people to do it. I'm just saying that the characters here have never been sufficiently developed to believe it will do. from sick scenes. I am a woman who keeps my emotional movements in moments that do not become sentimental in the way they are produced. this production. Too many cooks can spoil the broth, but only one chef can only finish a special school. In conclusion, the title of this movie has less to do with the story, and more with the feeling of regret, helplessness and loss that follows the revelation that you will never again see your money.
