I see that many people liked this movie. For me, this was a movie that correctly wrote 101 and the person collapsed in class. From the time when Lindsei Price video was shown to the end, the film was very predictable. I continued to look at whether it was going anywhere. First we have a young widowed father. Cliche # 1 movies / TVs always kill a parent's mother if she is a child of a girl, or a litter of boys, so that a single father can confess over his dead wife and seem completely outside of his child-care element. Starting from Mi 3 Sons to 2 1/2 Dads. These films are usually drama and comedies are TV shows. Cliché # 2 When a woman who has an effort in her hand has a video camera, she will play a big role in the movie. And there will always be solutions or even if that person is an airborne head Cliche # 3 If a person is in danger, a foreigner must have Latin origin. And they must be illegal. Obviously, there are no legal Latino and Illegal Europeans, unless there is an IRA element. Cliche # 4 Said Latino must be highly educated in their home country. In this case, he was a professor who earned 200 per month. And the aforementioned highly educated Latino now has to behave as though he has no brain in his head and allows him to take a blow from the side. Cliché # 5 The crime that a person committed really was not a crime, but an accident. But because in this case he lost all the sense that he had when he crossed the border, he now behaves like a fool and now he put his daughter in danger leading to an unsuccessful search to the border with the idiotic side. Cliché # 6 Never run over a hooligan who escapes from a crime, but some poor little sweet kid. This is because the child's parents have to play a large part of the film, and because a person who accidentally killed a child can have funny interaction with their parents. Cliché # 7 My name is a movie in which a policeman is not an angry veterinarian and they are paired with a newcomer. Even if detectives for murders who must be the most experienced police officers in the police forces. Sev7n and Copi cat and Lav and Order come right away. And a veterinarian, although the rough on the outside has a golden heart. Cliché # 8 Let's go and round up some unemployed stars of soap. Now I like Lindsei Price. But, Susan Haskell IMO can not get out of the paper bag and when used in one life to live like Marty he shuffled right to the left every time she opened her mouth. It's used to make me sick. She could now be better off anchored in the land, but she still can not act. The film could be more insightful if it was not filled with cliches. I think the movie does not have to be expensive or cerebral to be good. But this was just bad. *** SPOILER **** Now I will not spoil the end. Oh heck I will, because I feel that it will be bad for mankind that a person loses time they will never get back looking at this movie. This includes Cliche # 6 and # 7. Unless a person has ever seen a movie before you have to see what's coming up. The father even makes a foolish mistake from the cops in the end and shot by an angry veteran, who is suddenly very upset. You thought she thought that a poor man was innocent all the time of the film and that she had been mistakenly shot at him. When not. Now for the little girl Dad brought with him. Guess what happened to her? Time up, she lives with a family whose father killed his father !! Come on! You all knew that this would happen, because she is a replacement child !! So she did not go and lived with the likeness of Lindei Price. This film was an insult to how worried I was. Because there were so many avenues that this film could explore and drop, but chose to take the clichés. The two stars are for two stars, a girl I thought was very good, and Lindsei Price to whom the character was boring, but she did what she could. My advice is to take weddings and squeeze your head instead of looking at this shit
