Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the 1995 original hornar yarn, "The Fear" will find more disappointment in this stupid sequel. Somehow he follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect with the original, except for the presence of Morti, a model monster of wood. Here's a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Havthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) his father's witness brutally killed his mother, and then takes his own life, Mike still suffers from fear of that day. Hoping to get rid of fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends to her grandparents' house. His plan is that everyone dresses in costumes that represent their fears, and then show the fears of the Morte puppet. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically take away the fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is obsessed with his father's spirit, and starts killing friends ... or did Mike really kill me? Who cares? I have several problems with this movie. The first one is with Morty. I thought the original Morti looked pretty convincing. This time it is painful to see that Morti Man (actor Jon Fedele) is in a false appearance. This can especially be seen in the early stages, where Morti still needs to be inactive, but if you watch carefully, you can see how it flashes. Another trouble is that most characters do not bother enough. Some of them do it, namely Betsi Palmer, from Friday's 13th glory, which is great in this movie. But most of them do not try or give them a chance. Finally, there are murders. The initial scenes involving killings with the ax were very persuasive. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I had a good movie. When the other half of the film arrives, and murders really start, everything falls on pieces. Deaths are either non-creative, invisible or anticipated (short glances in the next scene when Currie has darkness). One character dies in the end and no one, including the viewer, notices. Although initially more characterization was needed, it was not too bad. The other half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and really did not know how to shoot a violent scene, so they turned out to be real messy and pedestrian. And stupid ending does not help. So if you really do not like the original and enjoy the scraping under your skin, you should probably skip the "Fear 2: Halloween Night". Credits: 4 out of 10
