Sometimes you have to see a bad movie just to appreciate the good. Well, that's my opinion. This will always be in the bad movie category, simply because everything except Shu Ki's performance was terrible. The angry angel speaks of Cat (Shu Ki), a professional thief turned away immediately after he left his lover, Chi \ t Lam (Julian Cheung), two years ago. But her past is back to persecute while Chi Lam was kidnapped for buying security software belonging to the company Cat is doing. In order to save him, she calls her old friends from the day in the orphanage, six other fierce women to save the day ... Perhaps the synopsis has told me silly, but this is a cheesy thing. In fact, the entire script and direction did not have any quality. Much of the dialogue was pointless and associated with a complication that was thin like rice paper in the water. If I can summarize, I take a bad movie about Jackie Chan, remove the comedy, remove the choreography, reject the budget, and you have martial angels: the formal part of the job without imagination in general. <br /> <br /> Bear in mind, I have to give recognition where credit is credited, and Shu Ki was probably the only person who appeared undamaged from the terrible action, because her performance was shining. Okay, you can not say she was great - after all she did not have anything to do with it - but she managed to dig up some character from her role. In addition, only Sandra Ng and Kelli Lin made another impression - although they were mostly stain and very short. Scenes and dialogue were totally unnatural and incredible; the special effects were obviously done in a cheap way, without attempting to clear the edges between the people and the mask of the blue screen, poor editing that included numerous discontinuities in the scenes of beatings, the camera angles that were elementary and distasteful and the direction I saw better from the lost dog. I guess this movie was too much cooking affair. Most likely, the budget was delighted by the overwhelming enthusiasm that it had seven pieces on the same silver screen. That did not leave much. Honestly, the way this movie was made was like a cheap porn movie without pornography. Charlie's Angels, he's not. In fact, while the sisters can do it for themselves, none of this was so obvious here. It should definitely be forgotten.
