This lifestyle film takes a middle-aged victim, who ultimately struggles to return the genre to new depths of a similar cartoon-like film. Here the 40th ex-wife of a successful protagonist of a lawyer (daughter at college) begins a new life after divorce, with the help of a female college friend in opening a new dress store as a sort of franchise extension. She even started a friendship with an attractive, perhaps younger, landscape architect / gardener (who is a black man). But then the horror of middle-aged women's horrors, another woman she assumed as a tenant to leave room, begins to take her life. What this new younger woman threat really makes is a mild cocoon with a garden, and offers him a glass of wine that * sigh * really belonged to divorced ones !! It runs utility bills by not refusing the thermostat! I support the toilet! It's bad in the fridge and hangs up your pieces (African) artwork in the living room! Et cetera. Well, maybe she killed a cat. , but it's more than a little ridiculous, especially as it turns into a campaign, and the reality of the characters is that every little piece of this madness will lead to this dirty woman (why she rented a room - and the horror of horror, a much younger woman? ) Allegedly, this all-starry (natch) younger woman has a mania to stop control. And our brave 40 must learn something to fight against this evil (and an erotic hot look, of course) something. But there is this problem. Whenever something starts to crash into trouble, it uses its POVER - and just flirting or having sex with some guy, and avoiding the consequences. (Well, there really is something about what looks like 20 things. It's simply not used * in this way.) Space is moved by the device of something that connects the distributors to formalize their rental room, she wrote a written lease that she made. Of course, something does not know about these things, and something has helped. Lease actually gives the younger woman the same right to the whole house during the rental period, with utility services at a fixed price. Although the expulsion procedure is pending soon, something soon gets a temporary ban on getting closer to an elderly woman, allegedly because she threatened something. You know, the judge is sympathetic with all the unhappy sexy young things. Finally, the "heroic" battle of 40 things for HOUSE is starting. The only real or perceptive thing in this movie is that they are terribly simple TROs (or orders for protection) for women to get nothing more than her unspoken, so to speak - although they are mostly just easy for men. Sometimes they are equally unjustified and equally motivated to take control of the home as it is here. Indeed, the girls who moved in with their boys can often expel them from their homes or apartments on the basis of the lack of evidence, but only unsubstantiated allegations of threats, and sometimes even without listening to his side. Even when there is a hearing, it is routinely impossible to overturn claims of threats (prove negativity), when the burden of proof is effective on the accused, not the prosecutor. (This is just one of the areas of American law where it is true - and this is a sign of the bitterness of feminist exaggeration, and the failure of any organized group to resist the steam roller.) Of course, this will not be the subject of any Animal film in this life. The absurd basic premise of this film relies on the explanation that it is something psychotic and does not take its medicine. It does not make sense either. She does not seek a successful lawyer for her ex-husband, although she is concerned with his help (the rage of an ex-wife) in her search. She is behind the HOUSE (technically, to divert the distributor from it during the lease period). This other younger woman is after ALL DISSOLVE after divorce, after an affair with another twenty of her husband's table !! (It seems that the former husband is inaccessible and that he is basically careful after throwing it out - it does not matter, he's still gone astray !!!) The protagonist is good enough to look for his age. But her gaze, attitude and focus are so few, stupid and totally free of imagination or life force that it is impossible to worry about her. Well, I suppose, the basic group of lovers of lifelong fans, judging by the average rating given by a small number of evaluators. (I continued to watch it just because it was so bad and cartooned that he had a complaint in the camp. I could not resist seeing how far it would take.) ** Spoiler ** (if such thing is possible with this movement). Well, here's the track. The film ends with something that gets out of jail by promising to "listen" to her male partner, and sometimes to the mistress, and "do whatever he says" and "let him take care of her" (meaning means get to continue to take medicine) - and then deceived him and returned to the HOUSE. There, with a knife climbing the stairs, the demon enters something against its enemy 40, which is bathed with the light of the candle, surely in the thought of being a younger woman out of life. There is a fight - and the 40th mother wins - by sticking something with a hypodermic needle full of antipsychotic drugs that she found. She then begins to sympathize, Mom loves, and the two women have a relationship, a woman's moment of solidarity !!! How cute.
