Steven, remember, when you said: "Try to find the path of least resistance and use it without hurting others. Live with integrity and morality, not just with people, but with all beings." You did not do it, you mortally wounded your fans and their morale with these "movies" I would not even be tired of not knowing that you are so much better than this, I saw you teaching, you are much better of why why brother why ... Steam rollers are evaporated. I promise not to be afraid of you. I'll tell you the truth in my face so we can fix it. Well, like some others fell asleep 90% in, but to be honest I was tired and I had a great meal just an hour before Sensai, what are you doing? 12 million? really? Do you have any idea what we could do with $ 12,000,000. It could have been in cinemas and hits, if you wanted, we could donate money from a huge salary for a homeless shelter or something like that. People from this postproduction have taken away your man, choreography did not exist, we can make a better person, blinking eye was from people in a black film, and I half expected it to appear or Tommy Lee Jones to tell you that grips. not shutters. Seagal, you are aikido master, why are you doing it yourself, us? when you came to the scene, you had such a fresh direct style, and it was obvious that you were a teacher, because the way your movements are so clear and clear, watching your first three films, I felt like you were teaching me something, and now I feel like you're just torn off or something I feel like I need to save you, this time you are the one who was killed and I will go to revenge you helping you make the best movie ever. Brother, I know who you really are, I know the truth about Nico's movie. Let's talk. Contact me, man, I have some fresh ideas. I am a boxer, I swear that you will not be disappointed with my attention to the details and we will do it for the fans, we deserve your fans better, hold on, but the bow will soon burst. I swear I will not let your movie get out of the door with one mistake in it. I'm still trying to figure out whether it was the worst duplication ever, or you have laryngitis, but I promise you that I can give you a better impression of the lame **** **** who did not even try. I hope you've kicked him into the fruits. I can think of a story and a plot that can be compared to your refreshing the death of your student / daughter / woman / dog / niche of the plant, and I promise you that we will return you, I promise, and I want to go in the direction that makes people think, if you allow me to promise that we will make a movie that people will leave and have to talk about it, seriously provoking thoughts, an experience that changes the experience. Steven Seagal This is my writing officer for IMDb to post to you my contact information for the purpose of reviving one of the best martial arts I've ever seen, for the record is not Italian, Hessian and Jewish vi you call it bad behavior, I call it great acting because you believed 20 years ago that Seagal Italian :) somehow changes your perception, is not it?
