Attack Force has a terrible title, and almost certainly can be judged by the horror cover, because the movie is horrible! The mice of tangled lines, the turbulent mess, and the awfully stagnant pace make the movie hard to watch. I did this and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly his old days), it's painful to see him playing in such a trips. The last half of a dozen "True Seagull" movies have been sucked a lot, but some of them had at least some features. The attack is in disarray. From concept to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from the extraterrestrial plot line, to the current highly dependent superpowder, which will be released in Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which are Romanian, but look like Romania because they are in Romania!) Population. The movie is attached along with a little respect for any condition of the original recording scenario. In the film, there are certainly many holes and loose ends. It was a problem in Seagal's latest films, but he was never boring. There is a whole line about the water supply plot that has been poisoned by CTKS (this is the cool drug name) that has never been solved! Of course, in the last few years the shop was not the main target in the Seagal Canon, so there was great responsibility in other departments, especially in action. Before I look at the action, all other departments are poor. The direction is weak, or rather, made it look bad. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally conceived this film? Between him and his ending work, the re-recording of the stuntman Tom Delmar and editing, a coherent author vision has been completely lost. The best way to describe a movie is that it's all over the store! Cinematography is boring, almost challenging sleep, while the droning result (which sounds like it's being produced at the cheapest of cheap synthesizers) does nothing to excite things. And the actors are poor, they can not save anything here. Seagal looks bored to unrecognized, and is named through much of the picture, obviously when the points change. It looks tired and overly, and letargic, unlike previous images (it is unusual to mention the key problems in Seagal's recent photos). The only one that can be redeemed is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains, who makes a slick Brit-routine. He seems to be returning to the alien line because the game is inhuman. It looks like a cross between a bodyguard and a vampire (as well as the leader who plays a hot guy who appears occasionally, apparently waiting for his wife Dracula). Final action. Well, that's bad. Badly conceived, poorly recorded. Nothing is much, and Seagal has even less. Stevo does not actually extract a duplicate because he has so little work. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene on the clock design that occasionally cuts off the small flashes of Seagal's view, because it's clear that Seagal was not there while the scene was being shot, and wanted it to be in the action scene. Seagal eventually appeared personally to kill the two in the head. Seagal has a production credit and a credit script here, but as far as I understand, the film has been changed behind the back of its current state of affairs. Seagal obviously will not work with these people anymore, or with Castel Studio that continues to deliver. horrible sub-Nu-picture (which says something), material. All in all, this should be avoided if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can be sure they know that a great man will no longer want to do anything wrong. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been filmed, with the same people, promises to be even worse than this. *
