As far as I understand, TIV VATCHER is the first work of a young director. My suspicion is whether it is the work of an ordinary guy who likes movies or is a work of a student of cinema, because the final points mention the Oporto School of Arts. Still, the director Ricardo Pinho demonstrates this film with complete ignorance of some basic concepts about the film. What's the movie? How to tell the story? It does not matter, for the director of the beginner. One of the first things you learn at school when you study a movie is to tell the story. You find that, as in the novels, in movies you need to construct your story in three acts: introduction, development, and conclusion. You learned that your story should have a protagonist and an antagonist and that there should be a climax. Learn that this applies to a 3-hour epic, a regular movie, a short film, and even, believe it or not, for a 30-second commercial. You will also learn that in your approach to the academic structure there may be levels of subtlety and that, in the end, you can even deconstruct it. In rough terms, TIM VATCHER introduces your main character, and then, the movie ends - the whole movie sounds like the introduction of characters in Jeunet's AMELIE. There is no second or third part in TIM VATCHER. This is not a parody or artistic film, so you can not even try to justify disrespecting the academic structure. You expect your story to be talked about, and that does not happen. Worst of all, TIM VATCHER is defined as a warning; and one without the right purpose. It does not make any point, or at least not valid. The point is childish, with a sense of revenge. The presented situations are extremely simple and its approach is maniac. I expected much more than this short one. The movie opens with a pretty handy number of points and you quickly realize that you are looking at something with better production values ​​than an ordinary Portuguese short film. I do not know the budget for this film, but judging by the gratitude list, in the end, the credit must go to the production team for such good connections in a country where it is difficult to open the door for young filmmakers. > TIM VATCHER is an exercise in style, color and carefully chosen plans, combined with a good result. That is all. Nothing else. No complication. And that's a shame because it feels like a waste of production value. You can hardly see in Portuguese a short of such a variety of locations and so many additions available to enrich the story. Absurd, because comparison can sound, I have to give BMV shorts as a good example of how you can tell a good story in a very short film that is strictly conditioned by product placement and top styling cinema.
