I hired this because I was a little tired of programming NBC's 80's and obviously I saved a lot of money for myself. I have nothing against any actor and for their merit they do a good job, but this performance is wrong from the premise. We have a character who is incredible. It's a full flaw, not enlightened, and a complete jerk for a good day. However, the reason why anyone should worry is not here. While the creation of an American sitcom focused on a complete stupid ass is revolutionary and full of potential, it does not meet here in this show. Most of the auxiliary characters are not fully trained characters but rather a sad sacks that want empathy from the audience because they hit the sacks. As in any sitcom, they are the ones that are most normal to the audience, and in this way deny the main character to the extent that we see Bittinger alone and to cause damage to people and they just stay there because ... why? There is no reason. All normal people would simply abandon abuse. Keep them there for no real reason - even really amazing by Joanna Cassidy in a very special episode of 2-abortion that has its own problems-is where the show is just falling apart. To simply believe that people suffer this type because we were told that there is a golden heart, does not fit into the reality of the situation. If nothing else, this is not even dramatic. This is a poorly drawn, conceived and derived premise that took a few moments, but it generally fulfilled the fate it deserved. Someone had the courage to come out and make a very good idea, but execution is so coincidental that it looks like a strange scripted version of the Jerry Springer broadcast where someone was abused by this tyrant, why should we go because it was told to us. This performance requires a nice touch that the actors could easily provide here, but somehow I can not. And it's a fatal error that really killed the program. Prepare it for a play in the bandage. Regardless, the show is worth the hour. But it really screwed up when it was trying to target the stars, and it made the entire enterprise not what it could be.
