Descent as the most expensive film in Finnish history, to date, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely Linchian narrative that describes an increasingly dull series "Floors" in an abandoned hospital, in which our protagonists are captured. Guided by an autistic daughter and her father, who is himself disappointed by the hospital's obvious lack of medical progress with her daughter, she enters an elevator who discusses this issue with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a guard, a businessman and a seemingly opposed tramp, the collective soon finds an abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Director of Pete Riski, who was born in Finland, more famous for his television work, "Dark Floors" was filmed in English, using mostly English actors, but has a remarkable inclusion in the famous Finnish group "Lordi" (the winner of Eurovision Song Contest 2006). alone, i.e. in its scenic monstrous costumes, as movie antagonists, but for all this, the production does not succeed where it is most needed to persuade the audience. Any movie that has its main role in the phrase "too silent" has already embarked on a dubious path, and this Lordi has affected the horror that does not violate that convention. Because all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, there are the mugs of mature clichés besides and worst of all, everything that is interesting is originally not sufficiently branched to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is at first very ruinous and gives a sense of inevitable ruin as the public is aware that those who are trapped in the hospital have to progress even further in the mud. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience into an unknown fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become even more dangerous, as the levels degenerate from the shiny white to hellish black, but I do not think the characters are sufficiently aware of this fact that it would be a threat . Also, the entire movie that takes place in essence is its own time balloon is again a very nice touch, a concept that is often not used in the horror genre, but the characters do not face the situation with enough fear and anxieties when they trip. This fact, they continue with it's too busy to do the job and not have enough sincere concern for the idea of ​​something to the audience. These original good ideas were just left to be spent, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but he could not agree or decide how to use them best. and as such they lose purpose and meaning. However, for all the frustration there are large quantities of comedy, but not for the reason that the creators would hope for. There are too many cliches, too much recycling, and it's just too funny. While lead was friendly to Noah Huntley, the characters are just cardboard cutouts that are glued in a story from other films. We have a leading man who does everything in his power to protect his daughter along with an unbreakable love interest. Together with "steam" we have a traditional black man like a hard nose, with a close on the infinite clip for his weapon, and a businessman who does not believe in himself, he cares for himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, is the introduction of Lordi's actors as the creatures of the night who are tormenting our roving band of unadjusted ones, but not for them who appear themselves as themselves. What horror film intimidates the viewer is the contextualization of fear. "The Shining" is scary because a member of your family has been persecuted; in "Dawn of the Dead" our fear is one of the other and primal cannibalism and irrational patterns of the thoughts that the zombies possess; in "Alien" fear is explained, the creature rationalizes in "Dark Floors" has nothing to do with it. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of this genre, but when you do it, it shows that it pale significantly and that the aggressors feel like nothing more than a crazy Klingon, where you can almost see the zip on the costumes they wear, without accumulating from any atmosphere " Lordi "is simply not scary. It's furious because we all cheer for the loser and we hope they are good, that you want smaller productions to say that I can create the same quality film as "Hollivood" comes out on the surface, much in a similar way as George A Romero started, but it does not always happen. I enjoyed the movie and it did not seem to me that I spent the ninety minutes I had just experienced, but I felt enjoyed at a completely empty level as if nothing had happened was irrelevant or influenced me subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that almost Linchian narration was a fine plus, but it was lost in nothingness. Why did this happen? What it means? Will he go through all this again? Without the slightest insight into what will happen, the film is simply mysterious for trying to be an artist. Was the whole sequence of events real or was it just a series of dreams? Was the autistic girl watching Eurovision 2006 and she just had a very bizarre nightmare in view of the stress she was exposed to? Who knows? And unfortunately, I can not get out of energy to take care at all. "Dark Floors" is an endless experience that, although ultimately represents a shallow potential and at least shows a lot of creative energies from Mr. Lordi, who may need to explore solo work to fully develop his ideas. That's what group or genre fans may need to continue, but they will let you feel left out because you do not have enough light in the situation.
