Hines and Goforth, the perpetrators of this crime, start the wrong step first, assuming that Vells wrote Gothic horror and that all of his lines were conceived as serious. It just is not true. Vells was the great successor of Enlightenment, and his main concern was that the Victorian complacency could have left the British unprepared for a world that the new technology could produce - both good and bad. The two followed the terrible consequences - the protagonist was portrayed as a scary screamer (I recalled Fai Vrai in the original King Kong), not a man struggling to live the irony of an incredible catastrophe; and the dialogue of the smash of 'Victorianism' sounded seriously that Wales clearly thought his tongue was taken in his face. All this looks suspicious as Ed Wood with a huge budget for spending on CGI effects - which way they are so poorly realized, Varner Bros.. a cartoon factory of the 1940s could do a better job. (The crows of spattered blood looked like red balloons, I expected them to fly off at any moment.) Think of the Yellow Submarine as the old EC Comics did. The worse is the loss of the theme, which disrupts the movie for any reason. Although the makers of this film the story back to its Victorian era, they completely miss the unusual way that the story Wells predicted many of the horrors of the First World War - the fact that Wells was not observed, which was reworked after the war theme in the shape of things to come. <Br /> <br /> Without a theme, all we have here is a lot of people running around to be converted into a caricature balloon, when you try to make productions in high school rewriting Macbeth of drunken students. <Br /> <br /> Indeed, this is the worst, the funniest play I have suffered since I was a friend persuaded him to see Eastern European cartoon "Fantastic Planet" thirty years ago. This movie was so pretentious, boring, my friend and I and two of complete strangers we gave up the ridicule about halfway, and we sat next to the display of maps, using the film as a light by which we see the cards - only utility, as much as some of us know . But I already have electric lighting in my apartment, so I did not need this dropping well for anything. Do not avoid this film - steal any copy you can (do not pay a cent) and burn each one of them. God in our wisdom made us only for this purpose.
