I was initially interested in this film after I read the review and said that this film reminded the reviewer of Silent Hill. a chance. Um, Fearnet just cites this film as "Dark Floors", not by his full name. So when I saw the name "Lord Lord" in points, I immediately thought of the band (I had several friends at the college who loved them), but I did not think it was important and I quickly pushed my thought aside. > Film starts strong. Despite the fact that "a terrible girl" was done in DEATH, the good use of sound and the feeling of isolation really began to share the story together. The tense atmosphere grew rapidly, and each indication showed that the film was excellent. As the monsters make the stars of horror, I was barely waiting to see what was hiding in the corridors of the hospital, and the main characters were trapped ... </ i> And then the first monster showed up, and I found myself very depressed. As the other appeared, I was stunned by the fact that it seemed like he just came from the Megadeth concert, and the stupidity completely rejected me. During the film the atmosphere has remained. untouched, and the story left you wondering what was going on, but the fears were pretty non-existent. However, I was hoping that the end would pay off all this. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Until the moment the film reached its peak, I was completely inconvenient, and I immediately recognized the great evil in his final discovery ... Leading singer Lordi? Seriously? Is that what the film was doing? A bunch of poor souls persecuted by hospital hospital members? The design of the strange monster suddenly made sense. If you want to be so cowardly, you can also get through the members of Marilyn Manson, or even KISS there. Not to mention the fact that I'm pretty sure that a few years ago I saw one of Lordy's music videos. They had to go out to make the whole movie? Worst of all, when I learned what was really going on, all I could do was yawning. I'm not going to ruin it, but I can safely say it's probably the action device you've seen before. Most likely more than once. So, unless you are a great Lordi fan, stay away from this. It's not scary, it does not bring anything new to the table (although it has a decent job borrowing from other horror films, mostly Silent Hill). And, I can not emphasize this enough, Lordi is an antagonist. LORDI. Talk about buzzkill. Really, you'd better be scared by watching Slipknot music videos. In other words, it's simply not possible.
