Well, on his credit line (if one can say that he has it), Timothy Hines managed to capture the original setting of the exceptional novel H.G. Vellsa. But, besides - well, let's call a spade shovel - that's a great deal of time. What Master Ed Vood could do with an alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really makes Mr. Vood, who was a mana genius anyway, looks like the best filmmaker of all time. Special effects (I suppose you would call them) are not even computer games. The acting is, well, maybe the theater evening is comparable, and the accents are horrible. In danger of sounding insulting, a lot of acting from the main male characters is (especially the poor Ogilvi), well, ahem ,. . . GAI! Poor Ogilva melt and refuses from a false English village, waving his asbestos white handkerchief as if the armor is heat-resistant. Hey, Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had a neat white armor, and he did not work, they were still damn. Even when Ogilv and Company are baked by the Martians, "Heat Rai" (?), They refuse and melt in some weird kind of dance, even when they are theoretically DEAD and are reduced to skeletons, which persist in rude dance and cramps. Perhaps Timothy Hines hired the skeletons of Rai Harrihausen, and he stayed out of "Jason and Argonaut." Or was it "Josie and The Pussicats"? And dunno. Soldiers, presumably because the 'military' seem to have exploded quite unconvincingly, as a soldier on crutches and his unhappy comrades carrying worn behind him. Wow! I liked it! But 'soldiers' all seemed to be either fascist troops from the Spanish Civil War, or 'Bur Commandos' (which would be more or less exact for that period. Perhaps it was some cunning subtlety by that evil genius Hinesa.?). It's strange that the character of Karate looks just like the original illustrations of Varwick Goble are attracted to him, and he also turns into the most challenging work of the acting. Oh yes. Do not forget about THUNDER CHILD. In the book, a warship is described as a torpedo hinge. That meant the RAM of the enemy ships. However, the bow was crushed after hitting Tinker-Toi-designed war machines, with a small toothed hole in the area, and sank. An armed warship such as THUNDERCHILD could tug TITANIC and survive, but I suppose that the Royal Navy was bound by the same restrictions of the lowest bidders as our army. The costumes are totally wrong, especially in British Army and Police uniforms, mostly collected from USMC Alpha. And Timbo, apparently in respect of Western films about the Yorys, apparently set his film in Wild West England, as all his riders use the western saddle. Accents that almost everyone use look like a mixture of some Scottish regional accent used by Klan Macabre, and magically tasteful Irish accents from the Malarki district. On the credit side, and contrary to what one reviewer wrote, the only authentic feature of this thing is artillery. The pistols are not from the Civil War, but they appear in my eyes as a bona fide British nine or 12 pound-strengthened loader, completely authentic at that time. The ammunition used is also shown. But the Artilleryman, who is the horse-artillery driver, did not show a proper ride. Do not sit on a frigging box and drive a team of pistols, riding horses nearby. Opening, using what I think is an authentic film footage, is fine, and the result is not bad. However, to my best of all, Veibridge never had an underground, and it certainly was not in 1898. But growing up in reading this novel, I am very disappointed. I'm even more disappointed that I was in Spielberg's zillion dollar, a version with special effects. Perhaps his version would benefit from the replacement of Anthony Pianos by Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have much more to say, but for now I will leave it alone: ​​I would love someone to make a good version of the "war of the worlds" that is true to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a movie class in high school, or maybe I should say pretentious stupid for college student at college level, and roughly so bad, the best I can say for this thing, but that's all. Oh yes. Where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear HIS comments! I have a suspicious suspicion that Timbo's "Orson Vood" Hines's amazing film masterpiece, which is amazing, may be a risky ticket to the director for cult fame, because, I must admit, I am guilty of seeing this film, which I am not paying anyway, but I was carefully sent by a friend who burned me a DVD copy, without a malicious intent that I could determine. I must add that I thought that Blackmoon's synchronized and shortened version is not only a great improvement, but an absolutely, hysterically funny (in a good way) a viewing experience. It's hard for me to watch the version of Master Timba after Blackmoon. Keep going, Tim! Make your version of "DUNE" now. Just waiting for a master's hand like you! And all of you snobs that hate Cloverfield? FORGET. CAN NOT BE TIMBO HINES ARTISTS FOR SHIER HILARIOUS AVFULNESS! HEY GET LIFE! TIMBO IS BETTER FROM MASTER ED VOOD! I KID IOU NOT!
