Lordi was a great feat and discovery in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a song (not so hard) called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on the stage dressed as disgusting monsters. But let's face it, their victory probably had little to do with their great musical talents. Over the years, Eurovision gradually turned into a major political circus, and Lordi probably just won because their song finally brought a small change and ?? even more importantly - because their entire act in some way was geniusly fake the whole yearly manifestation. The absolute last thing Lordi first (and hopefully the last) horror film brings is change and genius. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​the lead singer and playing the rest of the band in supportive roles, is truly an aggressive and hopeless accumulation of clichés. The huge budget ("Dark Floors" is supposedly the most expensive Finnish film ever) certainly provides horrible sets and impressive make-up art, but what is the point where there is no story to pay off? The film lasts in a crowded hospital where crowds, including a father and his young daughter with unidentified illness, are stuck in the elevator during a power outage. When the door opens again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group encounters several morbid and unexplainable obstacles, such as eyeless corpses, screaming ghosts and Heavi Metal monsters that come out of the floor. The only three points I'm assigned to "Dark Floors" are exclusively dedicated to scenography and an adequate tension building during the first half of the film. As long as evil events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is quite creepy, but as soon as you realize that the explanation a) will be very stupid or b) you will never come, healthy only decay as an unstable house of cards. Lori's costumes were never terrible to start (except perhaps the traditional fans for Eurovision) and, combined with a story that resembles an Asian spirit-horror, they just look quite pathetic and unmanageable. With all the national myths and really unique locations for exterior shooting, I personally always assumed Finland? Earth thousands of lakes? it would be an ideal fertile soil for potentially horrible stories of horrors, but I suppose it is another disappointment to my account.
