The fashion designer travels over the cat and falls into the pool, hitting his head about something that floats on the surface. With quite cheesy effects (this was a TV movie) she hovers from her body. It floats through a tunnel of rings of ominous orange smoke, and the black, rigid figures twist into her look (they look like puppets in her apartment). I almost thought I was watching Jess Franco ... While her friends are alive, her black hand grabs her wrist, and she has to fight to free himself. When she is alive, she remembers everything, and she has a nasty bruise on the forearm. Shortly thereafter, it was almost hit by an emergency car that appeared on the sidewalk behind it. At Halloween, she decides with her boyfriend to go to Mexico for a vacation. When she arrived there, she was surprised that it was the Day of the Dead. He is tired of other American tourists who follow them, and he almost drowns them. The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have experienced close-to-death experiences. Everyone experienced the tunnel, but not black figures or repeated victories of death. One of them is, and is very worried. She is also encouraged to meet with a psychic. The doctor tells her about the people she calls "Valkers" (the name of the novel on which she is based). These are people who have allegedly died of one of the causes that, when examined, prove that he died of another cause. So, as if they continued to walk after they died until he died again, but blamed him for poor record keeping. I watched it on a 102-minute video, and it was a very long time. I can not imagine that there is a 192-minute version! Perhaps it would be better to watch more than two or more nights on television, but to look at it that way than in one sitting. I read only one novel by Garia Brandner, Floater, and if he is a representative of his work, he is not the most original writer. Floater had a common plot: he picked up a kid killing people in revenge. Even the variation was quite common: the kidnapped dies and kills people years later in the vengeance on the side of the grave. In fact, this is common with this movie, in that the clinic is practicing astral projection, and when he drowns he sinks from his body as here. I do not know how close From the Dead of Night is his novel Valkers. I understand that the films "Wrap" do not remind much of his novels. It's pretty slow film, and special effects and cinema are really limited (probably) low budget and made for -TV shortcomings. It has many easily recognizable visual actors. It also feels very outdated, even before the mid-1980s from 1989. I found it bored. A much better budget with a low budget covering similar topics that I think is not given so badly is Sole Survivor (1983) (undoubtedly the inspiration for the final films in 2000). Hitting the dead night.
