I just lost three hours of my life to this travesty, and I can honestly say that I feel hurt. I read reviews and heard warnings, and I thought I was ready at all - at best, a faithful (if wrong) attempt of original adaptation; in the worst case, so good-to-bad-plan for the new millennium. When I managed to collect a copy in Valmarte while I was in Florida and returned to Great Britain, I joked with my friends "Prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is nothing recommended by this movie. "Special" effects look like the work of a first-year design student who uses Spectrum ZKS81. The act is terrible, the accents are WORLD than terrible (the accent of an artillery man seems to lead us to tour the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is stiff, there is no editing, production values ​​prove that no expense has been spent. The words really can not describe how bad this movie is; from the Flea Union that flies from the terrible CGI Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flying a white flag, not the Union flag) on ​​a glitch that moves with acting, it's simply a crime against shooting a movie. When you consider some of the virtually zero budget movies available on the net (for example Star Vars short "troops"), the whole argument "we are amused amateurs" goes straight through the window. And if you believe in an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this film had a budget of 8 digits! I can only assume that there is no cheap hair on the face in the US. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a film about a book, rather than turning the book into a movie (if that makes sense). Characters and statistics print parts of the text literally without attempting to convey feelings behind the word. Ironically, the only person who was even close to showing decent performance was Darlene Sellers, an ex-soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy Jeff Vaine does not fuck, and watch Spielberg version. It may not be true to the text of the book, but I can say it; As a lifelong fan of HG Wells (and Englez), Speilberg's film is true to the Spirit of the Book. Perhaps the customs were wrong for allowing me to take this monster to the ground, but I'll say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life, and I want them back.
