When my friend gave me a box of "12 Amazing Scifi / Horror Movies!" I was a little cautious about it. But since the subject was a gift, I really did not pay attention to common sense. After all ... movies for free! So what if they're a little rope. After much consideration, Alien Intruder was the first of these films. Ironically, it was the first choice because it looked the best of the crowd. All I can say is, if this is the best of them, I tremble to think about what others are like. On the surface there were some good things that went to it. Four (count!) Actors I knew. Billy Dee Villiams, Traci Scoggins, Makvell Caulfield and Jeff Conavai. I told myself ... "Billy and Tracy were in good scifi (Star Wars and Babylon 5, respectively) so they did not apply for Turkey. Mak is a veteran soap opera who never failed to break through the movie .... but not too stupid actor, Jeff .... so ... he did good and bad about movies and TV. "Soon I discovered that Jeff decided to add a" ugly "repertoire of films. The first track was in the introductory scenes. Jeff ducking thickly through the scene "I'm crazy" before he finally kills himself. A fun comedy, really. Unfortunately, this is, without much exaggeration, the peak of the film. From there it goes downhill. Next, we have a mission commander (Villiams) who is sent to see what happened to Jeff and his team, who were concerned about new ships. criminal element. But this assortment is not so much Dirty Dozen - more like an Incompetitive Four. In addition, one of the crimsons, a computer hacker, is displayed in his cell working on a laptop. Is not it like allowing the killer to work at a weapons store? Pretty poor jail, if you ask me. When they finally take off the effects, they are really terrible. It looks like the spacecraft model was shot down in the afternoon by an annoying 8-year-old who had parts left by his Airfik kit. But horror does not stop there. While on the way to the area where Jeff's boat disappeared, the criminal crew was rewarded for their good behavior by giving them weekends of virtual reality, in which they enjoy their male fantasies. Everything is good and good, and the use of scenes from their fantasies serves as an introduction to "Alien Menace" that begins to appear there. But did they have to pull him for pretty soooooooooooooooooooo? Alien Intruder? Alien Boring, more like that. Finally they reach the G-Sector and the alien presence forces them to fight each other for her feelings until only a good old Mak is left. The end, in a truly optimistic film about garbage, indicates a continuation - as if it were! Also, the appearance in this movie is a character that will swing "Sveatdroid". He was supposed to be an android, but it's obvious that this fact was lost from the make-up crew, which gave him a sweaty appearance at every opportunity. But do not worry, he's just there to make the numbers of body numbers in the end. Villiams and Scoggins, to be honest, make the movie very little. They can hardly stay awake, let alone behave. And, as I mentioned earlier, Jeff gets an early trip to the showers, so he is not allowed to enlighten most of the film. Max is trying, like several other band members, but the movie is really horrible, to be honest. The only, and only imaginative thing this film offers is the convention on naming the ship. They are all named after the musicians - Holly, Presley, Joplin. The rest of the film is irresistible and non-inspiring. Made in 1992, I thought, at the beginning of the watch, it was one of those 80's on the job. It seems they still made shit movies in the 90s, it seems. Best Avoid It. Even as a film of beer and chips, this movie is a stink, but at least you can speed it up, I suppose.
