As usual, with IMDb, most of the votes instead of "weighted average" are far more indicative value for the fun movie. In this case, most give it one. How are they right! In order to start my review, I will admit that I completely do not know why this film is called "Alien Intruder". This includes space, and even "aliens" (I suppose), but there is no rhyme or reason (in general) for anything in the long run, at least, without the real basis or resolution that I can do anywhere. There are many scenes that are so cruel (given the lines, time, and way they are pronounced), which far exceeds the strange feeling that you get when you watch similar bad films. I have no idea about this work near the beginning where electronic Bugs Bunni seems to be saying something. The "Pitch" exclusively includes a space space known as G-Spot, sorry. G-Sector ... and the virtual reality program is infected with some type of alien (?) Virus. I think it is alien, because the image of otherwise normal Ariel looks like a photographic negative. For most of the film, we see people shooting from space weapons, falling out of the attic and seemingly endless. , meaningless close-ups "Where's Ariel?", "I can not find Ariel" (meaningless, because most other images INCLUDE interaction with Ariel, anyway) on a computer monitor. Commander Skiller (Billi Dee) sees and sees every fantasy about the VR programs of the prisoners in the hope of finding this Alien virus and becoming one with it ... ??? Or I may have missed something ... Billy Dee Villiams took several courses on how to behave in despair before taking this. We know that because it spends a lot of time moving your fingers over your face and looking sad. The landing vision of one ship going to the back of the other was half-hilarious. At least, and provided laughter in the early stages where we see a few shots of the boat, as it only turns around, looks a lot like the Lego experiment that went wrong. It seems that everyone is dying in this film, why then do they bother? Even VR women are killed, as if that meant anything (especially because everyone else is dying) ... out of the question. For the money I save on groceries, I will not talk about the return of money I paid for DVD. The dollar I saved on the bag of vanilla waffles paid for this time by the reviewer. I'll just add that the story itself, at least as a novel, and with much more detail, probably be interesting to the real author. 1/10
