Who? Me? No, I'm not kidding. That's what it really says on the video enclosure. Plot; short version: A beautiful woman stands smiling. This, for some reason, makes all people kill themselves. "Find Ariel ... Where is Ariel ... You can not find Ariel ..." She's behind you, idiot .. Most of what you can say about this horrible little space opera has already been said, it seems. The bunch of stupid actors who mostly play prisoners come after the first selection of actors is quickly overthrown. Then they will be shot down the same way. Each scene is broadcast almost fifteen minutes in advance. Perhaps it was a drawing of a straw to see which actors have the most time on the screen and a higher salary. The alien virus / hologram / VR witch / glitch looks physically helpless and does nothing. Why can not she just stay in the computer instead of doing her "teleporting vampire" routine? (Actually, it would be more interesting to have been a vampire, or to do more than just standing and looking at people, which is all she does. It's enough that all men are killed ...) <br /> <br /> < > This is not really moving space. There are many more images of the old western track, the Easi Rider route from the 1950s, the nightclub of the Film Scene, even running on the beach in a fantastic country, none of which has real depth or even makes no sense. The night club scene is black and white, of course. She worked with the "Wizard of Oz". She does not work so well here. This is probably a good thing, because these few shots that show space are depressively stupid. You'll probably cry at those moments, especially when you see that spinning spacecraft, which looks about three inches long. None of the characters feel anything for one of them, not because they are convicted or have no personality, but because they are in serious need for hours of acting, except Billy Dee Villiams who really seems depressed and at a loss, probably because it's in this business ... This is one of those films that will, when viewed with friends, cause some very "loud" silences, especially when a stupid man launches his comedy attempt in one liner (including a line about the French kiss of a meteor ...? Maybe not ...) The original girls with virtual reality after taju "killed", which does not mean anything, because in the beginning were not real. Well, no other "characters" are not, but that does not matter. Ha-ha. What's weird is that the scene that adorns the video case is some sort of skull-horror-alien stuff (green filter added on top of it, to give it more than ... ..uh ... green appearance), which is actually Android after it was killed and in the end it has nothing to do with anything else. Another strange thing that I noticed. Whenever there is an explosion (at least on my cheap DVD copy), everything becomes highly pixelated. I do not mean LITTLE pikelated, I mean HARD blocks about 1/16 of the screen size. Vov.
