I watched this movie version of the classic novel R. Blackmore as a replacement until the A & E version 2001 appeared on the video. And what a bad replacement it has shown is !!!! This version has no authentic aspect of the A & E movie I like. Actors are mostly wooden (with the exception of Sean Bean), and "romance" seems forced and fictitious. In fact, there is no kissing to the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridge, Lorne Doone (or Ladi Lorna Dugal, whatever you like) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. Here we do not get much insight into Carver, or because he has (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film separates many key and interesting characters of the novel, such as Doone's advisor, and John's shrewd youngest sister Lizzie, who were critical of the plot. The script itself is not condemned. Political intrigue also does not appear in the scenario. The way Lorna was born with Doones is not true to the original story. Do not misunderstand me, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he encounters stupid and stoic, and his long hair (perhaps a bad wig) does not suit him! Polly Valker is a wonderful and successful actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also costed Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and skinny. It has a cold wound on the lips that can not be hidden, and costumes do not look authentic. The late Robert Stephens is honoring Sir Ensor Doone, although he refers to Lorna only as his favorite, not as a granddaughter, allegedly in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Valker are too old for their roles (maybe it's makeup), and the landscapes are brown, cold, gray and infertile, without much hint of the sunshine. I understand that it is set up in southwestern England, but there it is green and get its sun !!! Showing the character of Thomas Fagus and his "death", which is not happening in the novel, deprives the film even more. One positive note is the appearance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although it can not even come close to Aidan Gillen's screening in A & E, Bean makes one notorious villain. In short, watch this only if you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting or true for the novel. See any other version (but I recommend A & E movie) for this tired adaptation.
