However, I did not have great expectations of "Corki Romano". But again, who is it? However, I felt that it deserved the benefit of suspicion. I did not have much hope for Joe Dirt - another recent comedy starring SNL - and I was finally pleasantly surprised. But this film is as bad as it looks in reviews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented actor - contrary to what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He was in many hilarious SNL skitches, and I think he is one of the most talented members of the SNL ever since. In this case, he got a lame, meaningless letter and tries to fix every scene with his constant looting. Through every scene, he tries to show the crafty Jerry Levis and miss him. Jerry Levis knew how to perform this kind of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked with much better writing. Kattan just looks like some stupid fool with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He does not even wait for the punchline; he assumes that we will all laugh when he starts jumping like a monkey to the scratch. In one scene, he ends up in a competition with a dog who has a pack of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and cocaine sprays it. He goes back to work, swollen on cocaine. How to laugh at the fact that it behaves hyper and on the edge, when doing the same thing throughout the movie? As far as other actors ... Vanessa Shav is really nice, Peter Berg is lost in an ungrateful role, as well as Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also lost, although he has several funny lines that I'm pretty sure he improvised. I hope Falk will soon get a decent movie. It's too much talent in waste like "Corky Romano". I did not like Falkov's last film, "Made," but at least he played a decent role. Several times I was laughing, but I could not get a single laugh. Every gag is performed without the feeling of time or delivery. And it worsened by the fact that Kattan actress acted. And there are certain gags that pull out. For example, when Kattan prepares to fend in the faces of her two brothers. Standing there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get the fart and when it finally finishes it's a bit tiny. It's bad enough when you have a joke that's funny and pull it out, but when you have a lame gaga and pull it down, it's hell much worse. Another example of this is when he is trying to translate what these two Asian men talked about during the arrest of a drug. I can go on and on about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I will not waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from the trailer - you predicted it right. My score: 3 (out of 10)
