Why is this film so bad? Well, if it's such a stupidly boring and immature reason, then it's a movie. The character of Corki Romana is at best uncomfortable and, in the worst case, really angry. Gags are predictable, but that's not what makes it bad. They are the poor type of foreseeable jokes that your unhappy friend would say. Corki Romano refers to a mild educator who is trying to do well but is so clumsy. His peaceful life is thrown into a loop when a family who once rejected him now needs to infiltrate the FBI in order to destroy any trace of family crime history. However, this is not so easy for Corky because the FBI believes he is a super agent and ties him to the duty to spy on his own family. Mishaps and machems are emerging, but it really does not feel like there is any strip hijikn. Corky ends up in love with his wonderful FBI partner and has to record a record with the FBI and his family if he calms down again to a peaceful life. I think what makes this movie irritating is the main actor and alleged jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations as well as the actor as his one note of slapstick routine fell about 10 minutes into the movie. It's okay to have a full movie based exclusively on stupid humor. It seems that Vill Ferrel, Kattan SNL partner, made a full career. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrell is that Ferrel knows when to tint it and relies on other ways to tell a joke. Absolutely no difference in Kattana's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture. Another problem with the movie is the lack of genuine original and fun jokes. Brother gay mafia, an unpleasant fellow sch-tick, and many other jokes that are forgotten do not look so funny as the first time you barely laughed. It seems that the screenwriters had more fun when they wrote it than anyone watched. Even with an acting team that has some comical talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), jokes that start are tired. No chemicals. This film was obviously one for pocket books for actors. It seemed that no body was worried about it, or even tried. It's sad that nobody told Chris Kattana.
