Save $ 8.97 you will spend on Valmart to buy this DVD and watch the real Steven Spielberg movie. I am the director, and as an enthusiast HG Vellsa I had to buy. This is hoping to sit down and watch three hours of good fun. Instead, it took four days to complete this because I could not watch for more than 10 minutes. It's horrible. There are reports that Timothy Hines had a $ 20 million budget for this production. Where the hell has gone? Did he use the most to buy a new house? To finance his pension? Or what? Let me start with what's really good in this movie. This remains true to the book and there are several good performances. I can respect actors who have obviously tried to make this a good movie. But good performances were quickly shaded by terrible ... and I think of the terrible special effects. Every student of the first year in a film school could have worked much better with CGI. For me, most seemed like "stop action" cardboard sheets that were used and not sophisticated CGI software that should use a $ 20 million project. There is no excuse for the amateur post-production that was applied to this movie. My partner and I have seated and reconstructed our version of the Ferrari scene using software that cost less than $ 1,500.00 and for one day it had five minutes of scenes that looked better and more realistic than what Hines created. I've seen movies with budgets of less than $ 2 million that look better. Much better. In my opinion, the special effects used in the original King Kong were more sophisticated and better than Hines' special effects in this film. In fact, I have much better appreciation for killing tomatoes for this film. There is no excuse with today's technology that the movie looks like a B-Film from the 50's, unless it was the intention, which should not have been in this particular project. The problem I had with the transfer of DVD was that it was a jerk movie, another demonstration of an amateur movie. All in all, I have to say that in 2003 I made a $ 45,000 project that has a better cinema and special effects than this movie. /> I recommend anyone who appreciates a good movie work or who is a VOTV fan to leave this film on the shelf and instead looks at the Attack of Women's 50 feet. It would be easier on your eyes.
