Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of this decade, I watched it give it a chance; After all, for the first time, director / producer / writer Alekandra Stockler managed to make his debut feature (recorded in video) for only US $ 4,000 and - although it looks even cheaper - I can not start imagining everything through which he passed it is finally exhibited in theaters without big sponsors or production houses behind it (then I watched how I understood why). But whatever you are willing to give "Cama de Gato", they are reduced to zero within 10 minutes: it's an incredibly absurd, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically disastrous attempt to show Brazilian youth from a middle-class like a bunch of spoiled young men. Neo-Nazis who have gotten into bad sex, drugs and violence (and they are also made to look like closed gays), made without a visible trail of talent, imagination, expertise, or idea of ​​structure. Visually and audibly, recalls the worst amateur things you can find on YouTube - only here takes ninety (count'em) minutes of relentless hysteria and clumsiness, and that is not even funny-bad. We have already seen the story: boring young men want to have fun, fun, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there are gang raping, hitting, killing, accidental death (falling down the stairs !!) mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys who decided to burn the corpses of the girl and mother in the garbage dump. Moral and literal garbage, understand? The film is under the strong influence of Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - albeit moralistic and sexploit - are top masters in comparison with this shit. I do not think that there has ever been any such monomaniacal instinct in the director of the film to paste his ideas down the throat of the audience: Stockler grabbed us for a collar and tried to impose his non-stop moralist in our brain by repetition and exhaustion - GO TO STAMPED with so much clutter, shouting, inappropriate direction, clumsy camera, and terrible behavior. Stockler does not care about the technique (image quality, framing, sound recording, soundtracks, dialogue, sets, editing, etc. It's equally terrible), but he's a narcissistic controller-freak: he predicts the criticism he tied to add subtitles to smartie / cutie comments, and by making protagonists comment at one point how tense and false (they may be related to TO). Despite its megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems incapable of giving us a minimal visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide whether he wants rough realism (handheld video camera, etc.) or styling (repeating scenes, using alternative footage, etc.). Damn, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there is the use of a subjective camera for TRI water)! The dialogue contains some of the most interesting banal texts ever; the plot exists only to justify the deep hatred of the director towards his characters and what they represent. Everything you see is that the director is faint, cursing, condemning, moralizing without the benefit of the least talent (or technique) to go along with it. It is very disappointing to find Caio Blatt in this mess. Certainly one of the most promising young actors in Brazil, with his look of a dog and an emotional blade that often resembles Sal Mineo, Blat can be very effective in the right direction (like in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir"), . He was told to go over the top and play with some of the most disadvantaged insufficiently equipped "actors" in recent memory. He also enters the risky sphere of graphic sexploitation scenes (so goddavful that they look like web-cam porn). The film opens up and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle classes of youth - Stockler wants us to take those interviews as "evidence" of what is trying to preach in fiction. But he obviously despises and ridicules his interlocutors, choosing the pinnacle of abominable, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only show that assholes exist everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class young adults are current or future fascists WHY they are middle-class and enjoy recreational drugs (does he say that they are all drug-drug neophysics or that drugs potentially fascist behavior? T tell) . With his dogmatic self-control, the technique that causes headaches and a boring mindset, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but, above all, it is harmful in a very creepy way: it gives critics of Brazilian cinema a powerful Argument. "Cama de Gato" is best viewed, not remembered, buried and forgotten.
