We all know how to have a bad day in the office, right? Well, this comedy Neil Simon is looking at how it's when you have the worst of all days just trying to get to the office. Sometimes, it's just not worth it to go, you know what I mean? And, sometimes, it's not worth doing something that was done in 1970, with Jack Lemmon and Sandi Dennis ... and even better. It's not that Steve Martin is a bad comedian or wrong for the role of executive executor of advertised and acclaimed commercials; on the contrary, in both cases. And neither Goldie Havn is equally incompetent; Her work was consistently good, if not great, since I first saw her in the television film Rovan and Martin's Laugh-In Sixties. The problem with this movie is that it's not about an unhappy couple in general: it's really about New York and why should everyone come to New York to live and love their lives in marital bliss? somehow ?? in the largest city in the world. This is if you are a New Yorker ... Watch, the 1970 movie is still a great comedy that realistically explores all the things that can go wrong up when you travel somewhere, and include most of the situation and gadgets of your eyes you can Imagine what can happen to you in a strange environment. This version of 1999 unfortunately enters the free tangents especially for the audience these days which expects or wants to see a surplus. For example, not satisfied with the star attraction of the main players, there is a comedy (relatively long) and Rudi Giuliani, then Mayor of New York, as we all know. What ?? Giuliani even then joined the president? Vorse ?? advertising for walking in a conversation for the more polite face of New York. And then we have John Clayse, who again assesses his role as Basil Favlti? But this time, like prancing cross-dresser too? once again we go through the hotel staff, I suck in soothing customers and generally say that it looks like an idiot in that role. And, in this process, it makes a great deal of damage to the memory of Favlity Tovers, undoubtedly the best British comedy series, at least ... Why was this film made in 1999? In the seventies, New York was a dying city, in many ways. He almost literally went bankrupt. So, when it was made in 1970, it was the city you saw: dark, dark, humorous, disturbing, and not the place that the maltreated couple finally chose for their new joint life in the Great Dim (as was then contaminated all) . By 1999, things got better: the glitz returned, New York progressed, it was the Great Apple, ready to bite, if you have wet ... So, of course, the couple in this second coming find there is a moxie inside and finally joins an incredible fight to continue the American dream of life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness. So, this film is really comical, but not for the reasons that the producers may have predicted. As much as I love Steve Martin and Goldie Havn in comedy, this film is a travesty much better made with the great Jack Lemmon. If you see this second, then definitely do not bother with this.
