The correct review of Nuremburg must take into account that the door to history has been accidentally opened with the movie "Tom Cruise" (Tom Cruise). Finally, "Valkirie" (2008) tells the world that during the Second World War, German resistance was organized professionally with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to convey the Nazi political regime, introduced a new chancellor, won peace and closed concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive any help from allies who helped the French resistance only in the neighborhood. History writers have since used an institutionalized agenda to hide the all-out evil that cost many tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe in the deception that the Germans fully supported the Nazis and thus earned a 24-hour bombing of genocide and "unconditional surrender". which was imposed on the Germans. German enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943, so there was much that the Germans were doing knowing. During 1943, Germans developed new combat aircraft and jet bombers by companies, including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and German resistance succeeded, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, fast submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-guided missiles, and the US would not be the first! Here is the relevant institutional agenda. Accordingly, German resistance did not receive any help from the allies, although they always had key intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup on July 20, 1944 is evidence that the Germans have made significant efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and a 24-hour bombardment with saturation in the agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans and have full ownership through "unconditional surrender". It was an intentional allied program that allowed the war to continue and retain the Nazi government in order to justify a 24-hour bombing, but it took a year after the allied forces entered Germany to steal the world's largest technology and scientists on the gun barrel. However, tens of millions of people have died since the Allies abandoned German resistance to their greed. The Allies imposed a "unconditional surrender" to the Germans as an excuse for the full ownership and control of German property and government, and this was done without the use of German resistance to reject the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve world-class technological superiority. That is why everything else took the second place in relation to the evil allied program that killed millions of Germans in a 24-hour bombing; concentration camps remained open; the war was extended and led to a "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken from the Germans in World War II. The Nuremburg War Crimes Trials of 1946 were public. frauds and mass killings committed by the Allies as retrospective justice to the Nazis. It was a smoke barrier that concealed a wicked and greedy alliance for world technological superiority, instead of helping the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. Tens of millions of people died because the Allies abandoned German resistance on the agenda, but they nevertheless brought revenge on German chiefs of staff who paid their lives for war crimes in Nuremberg or not, although allies committed genocide to achieve world technological superiority.
