This word 'True' in the title of this movie rang. They voted louder when the cover card talked about the American civil war as "a war between states" (which was better than hard-core southern ones). Jesse James - a thief, a slave and killer - is described as a quiet, mild farmer. How dishonest this movie is? There is no mention of slavery, much less than the documented fact that the poor Jesse James has developed a mother owned by slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank were actively fighting to preserve slavery. According to this film, all those Civil War soldiers really struggled to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... it's ALL. (Missouri: It's a candy sweets! It's a moss of breath!) Black people are totally absent from this film, except for two views of a couple of beggars, one of which has the "HELP SLABI" sign which is very incredibly typical in place of a hand. (Some 19th-century newspapers are also incorrect, with 20th-century type fonts.) This movie has a strange flash structure. There is a very impressive stunt run (and some fine stunt works) and an excellent mount. I enjoyed one line of dialogue: 'Some of these guys will never taste berry again.' The film gets several facts: Agnes Moorehead, as Jesse's mother, hides her right hand in scenes after the attack by agent Pinkerton (hereinafter referred to as "Remington") in which Jesse James's mother suffered injuries that required the amputation of her lower arm. Some mistakes here are forgiven: during his bushwacking days, real Jesse James accidentally removed part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) has no hive. I saw a photograph of the real woman Jesse James; if she looked as glamorous as Hope Lange looks like in this movie, Jesse James may have stayed at home anymore. There is a lot of revisionism here, and most male actors wear hairstyles from the 1950s. But many of the mistakes of this film could have been avoided. Jesse James's mentor Villiam Kuantrill is mentioned several times, but all actors misjudge his name. We see Jesse and his wife move into a complex two-storey house (in which he will soon die) after paying a $ 18 rent. In fact, the last residence of Jesse James (at Lafaiette Street 1318, St. Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-storey cottage, rented for $ 14. There was no upper floor ... so, when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not escape from the top, as Hope Lange is doing here. (In fact, it was in the kitchen.) One error in continuity: Robert Wagner (without duplicates on the stunt) makes an impressive task to crush the bullet in the fork and drops while his hands are tied to his back ... but when it got up, the rope that binds its wrists disappeared. The scenario makes some weird and unnecessary juggling date. After attempting to rob Northfield, Jesse says he expects to return home to his birthday. The actual attack of Northfield by James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe he was thinking of a birthday for the next year.) Later we see that Jesse and his wife moved to their home in St. Josepha on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells her what she plans to do when Christmas arrives ... but in real life, the Lord and Ms. Jesse James moved into that house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene needs * BE * on Christmas Eve! These mistakes were completely avoided. Some fiscalization here makes no sense. According to this film, the attack on the Northfield Bank failed because one (fictitious) adherent was late in cutting telegraph wires. If this really happened, it would really hinder the escape of James Gang ... but that would not have affected the plunder itself, which had failed for other reasons. There are good performances by Jeffreia. Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Iounger) and stage actress Marian Seldes in a rare film role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, an actor who was underestimated. Otherwise, Wagner has proven his impressive range with a convincing show of heroes, villains and morally ambiguous characters. Looks like he can not decide whether to show Jesse James as a good or bad ... and he does not bother much. John Carradine telephones in short play as a fictional preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood from his uncle, Methodist minister ... but maybe this is the second baptism of the supplement. Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I suspect Robin Hood was Robin Hood, but that's another story.) There is not a single documented case that Jesse James ever shared his prey with anyone outside of his family. After some of his delays, he did not even divulge the saliva with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse was killed immediately after he swore he would forever renounce his bandit ways. In reality, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole the horses that Jesse planned to use the next day in the robbery of Platte Citi. As a preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor people who (in inaccurate legends) was allegedly the benefactor of his generosity. I grabbed on one scene, in which the fictitious Jesse James is so naked-durn sophisticated that he does not approve of the oil on canvas that tastesfully describes the acts. James is deliberately dishonest with a thief killer, and also dishonest to the civil war. For a very impressive work, a good setup and a few fine acting turns, I rate this obscene dishonest movie 2 points out of 10.
