Before I give Spike a mess in the movie "SUMMER SAM" well deserved, I would like to clarify one thing. I do not slander this film just because of the abundance of bad and unpleasant images. What makes this film so inconceivable is that Lee believes that SUMMER SAM should be seriously understood as a social enlightening drama. For example, Quarantine Tarantino's films about crime are filled with violence, curses and other muds, but they are still very visible because Tarantino does not try to transfer these films as social works that are socially redeemed. He knows that such films are just for fun. On the other hand, serious drama such as CARE OF PRIVATE RIAN and SCHINDLER LISTS are often unpleasant to watch, but discomfort serves for the development of film and characters, with the ultimate goal that the audience emotionally include the story and characters on the screen. YEARS OF SAM, unfortunately, only dragged with their sensationalism and sorrow, believing that it serves as a social comment, just like other trash epheses. SUMMER SUMMER does not serve as a serious drama because its characters are just cardboard cut out stereotypes. His idea points to the emotional impact of hysteria on the murder of Son Sam on residents of the predominantly Italian-American Bronx settlement, where murders occurred. However, instead of the local population representing a diverse mix of personality, Li simply points out every negative Italian stereotype that can be imagined. People are ignorant, lazy, overcombed goombas. Women are divided between poor, self-satisfied "good girls" (Mina Sorvino Dionna) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito's Ruby). Li seems to be vindictive to "return" Hollivood for years of negative African-American stereotypes by drawing out his stereotypes, and it seems to be a bit of a critique. If, for example, Martin Scorsese presented the inhabitants of the African-American neighborhood with a bunch of stereotypes Amos Andi and Aunt Yemima, critics would rightly condemn such obvious stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotyped characters undermine every movie that is trying to be a serious social commentary. Without exception, the actor's SUMMER OF SAM is great. However, acting in most cases is not inspired. The actors are either just going through the movements, or they have little to do with the script. In addition, there is a significant miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his character Vinnie seems to have been standing up, the comical imitation of John Travolta Tony Manero of SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a longtime actor "a good guy", is badly invented as a serial killer David Berkovitz, who appears to be fun, not frightening. The only show to be addressed is Adrien Brody as problematic but sincere, unmanageable to the surroundings of Ritchie. Performance Brody and typically stylish Lee cinematography are the only virtues of this film. 1/2 of ****
