"Why?" That simple question must have been on the lips of each New York during the 12 months of terror that David Berkovitz created in 1976-77. The same word will surely become the same confusing question 22 years later when people leave the theater exposing the banal and exploitative "Summer Seme". Director Spike Lee is trying to sneak a story about the hell of the wicked habit of robbers in search of a celebrated psychopath - who paralyzed New York for over a year - with a sharp and graphic representation of murders, a demon in Berkovich's head and the frustration of futile pursuit for NIPD. He represents an ensemble of abominable losers who hear their own "dog bark" because living lives deprived of love, honor and humanity - it does not differ from Berkovitsa. Lee checks the audience in almost every frame with "none of us are what we seem to be." Often critic of the white establishment, Lee maintains a stereotype by including a scene in which Mira Sorvino, playing a young man with his wife, John Leguizamo, is hoping to have oral sex with a blacksmith "in the background of the great black Cadillac." An Italian mobster tells a black detective that the famous Villie Mais center in the field was "happy". Lee even tries to deliver racist thinking to a middle-aged middle-aged woman who declares: "I'm happy that the white man killed all those white people, because if he was a black man who killed all those white people, it would be the biggest race mess in New York's history." Apart from the extraordinary opening of a recording of the discotheque (which resembles "Goodfellas" by Martina Scorcese or "Third Man" by Orson Wels), this film has no soul, purpose or passion. He shows a piece of characters on the screen without human authority. Although we do not know anything about the real victims of this terrible joy, Spike Lee seems to say that New York got what it deserved during that terrifying, hot summer more than two decades ago. such desolation in his beloved city? "" How could anyone show such hatred to his neighbor? "Are these relevant questions for Berkovitsa or Lee? You decide.
