After I heard from my mouth about how bad this movie was, I took it off and bought a DVD. This means that all previously mentioned about this movie is true. For a movie that claimed to have a budget in millions, it simply does not appear on the screen at all. A list of movie problems could be withdrawn forever. The main thing is that the film is simply too long. She got away for a few minutes without a 3 hours. For almost an hour, he could have been cut off when the editor simply removed the excess of the scenes that deal only with the main character who is fluttering around. Secondly, as many have pointed out from the "trailer", special effects are nothing special. Tripods looked okay in a few shots here and there, but above that all was the quality of the 1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst effects were horses, who stiffened back and forth as they moved. The effects of the heat air were ridiculous, as people were biting into bones that somehow could tear off without any muscles. The Thunderchild was also poor, in which the Thunderchild, described in the book as a ram from the fittings, looked nothing like it. Instead, it resembled a First World War breaker, along with deck guns (who shot but did not have a visible crew) and torpedo tubes. The colors and wallpapers are as bad as the effects. The funniest of all was the early scene in which the main character and his wife go on a night walk and he points her to the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views on the characters and the landscape around them are a lips day. There is also a very sharp division between the real landscape, bathed in full sunlight, and the false black night sky with too many vague stars. In order to deter even more, the color of the scene made no sense. Some people bathe in orange light. In others green light. In others there is a blue light. In some cases, the outer sides are orange, but the interior of the house is green or blue. The speed of the frame and the camera are very unstable, all that gives stuttering. Finally, the treatment is completely sub-pair. One man shows two characters, the only difference being that he did not have a mustache. Sometimes it has led to confusion over who and who they were. English accents, even on American ears, are unheard of. In short, this film could very well claim to be the worst film that has been published lately. I have not seen Giglies or some of the other recent floppies, but this, due to poor quality in every way, must be easily worse than anything the mainstream Hollivood has come out of. I would not be surprised if the film is at the bottom of the charts 10 or 20 on the IMDb chart. It's a shame that Misteri Science Theater is not here yet.
