Films of horror can be fun with a low budget, a bad acting and a small number of pains. I think the movie lacks a panache, because, when one scene gets tired of you, people make ridiculously harmless hand grabbers. If it was not that boring, it could be fun. Film horror can go a long way with a tired concept such as "children in college in a haunted house," in the same way as Evil Dead films were having fun with a similar standard line. Hallow's End, unfortunately, does not go far. Actually, it does not go anywhere. She spent most of the hour by putting faceless and anonymous characters with what looks like an endless interpersonal drama. I have nothing against the development of character, not even in the horror film, but these are strictly one-dimensional characters (alpha-male, milky-terrestrial, ... um ... signs of throwing that exist mainly for sex scenes.) Spending Forty and more bloody minutes with It was more terrible to them than when bloodshed began. Well, it implied bloodshed. When children from college turn into what they were dressed like for their haunted house (one is a vampire, one wears O. r. Peeling and some white pancake), they look pretty much like in amateur costumes; The Dead Hate The Living, using a similar theme, is a mastervor in comparison. There is nothing worse to talk about, nor there are real fears. I was thinking about this from almost every approach. If it was supposed to be a narrow, uncertain horror film (which would explain why things go so slowly), pathetic sex scenes and cheap monsters would cancel that. If it was supposed to be a real movie about blood and courage (which would explain the shroud) ... where is the blood and the bowels? And antiklimaks is one of the unstoppable endings of the movie I've ever seen. It is a film that, although there is no narrator through the film, is enriched with the voice, because no sufficient dialogue was enough. This was difficult ... coming out of it, I wonder if I was just going through a Christian horror movie. Perhaps "I know hell exists" opening did not mean that way, but there are some indications (or wrong routing - I'm not sure which one). For all the cursing in the movie, the line as "gosh-darnit" is a little absurd, as is most of the crucifixion, godly and Satanic, especially after some vicious sexual scenes (one heterosexual) If it is a Christian company ( the Highland Mist logo has even a bit of resemblance to crucifixes), then this film is difficult for an atheist camp. The Almighty can not be such a bad director. <br /> <br />
