* WARNING. Maybe they will be SPOILERS, IF YOU HELP. * Well, the basic premise of this domestic film in Texas is: college + ghost + evil magic book = scary things. In practice, it's been a long time watching at this time to see how long this film will be retreated. A crowd of fraternal boys, together with various friends and volunteers, founded a charity house. The project is headed by a fundamentally repulsive character, whose main purpose is verbally and physically attacking as many members as possible. It was hard for me to believe that anyone would try to work with that person in any capacity: he is just rude and offensive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Nevertheless, the children are visited by local characters and the annual champion in the creation of a pumpkin "Pumpkin Jack", an older fox that is described as "Santa on Halloween" and who is releasing the burden of the props for the house, including a malicious book that has been highlighted in an irritating piercing flashes (where the gaggles of cult cultivars turn into fries). Needless to say, a damn fool is beginning to mess with the book, and in the end, most of the costumed monsters turn into real, and the remaining few normal people have to try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not many: everything is well recorded, and the effects of makeup are decent. On the other hand, contractors either act drastically or insufficiently; most of the action makes little sense outside of the series "this happens so that it can happen"; there is hardly a musical score that is being talked about, only parts of the songs throughout the whole movie; and the film lasts an hour to arrive everywhere. This last problem is most relevant: two-thirds of the 90-minute usage time is used for multiple character setup. Tom is a good guy who is having fun with Heidi, but he was dating Jill, who now comes out with Dana's jerk, but began a relationship with a girl who wears too many scarves. Dan is a really big jerk, Garry likes to joke, and Steve & Lily like to have lots of sex. Things that could be easily solved in 20 minutes or more, dragged on, to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calmed down, it's pretty loud) left me to look for a rewind button. That leaves us with half an hour of fear of lo-calories, the clunky ending, and a deep lack of respect for the Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for the whole mess. Unless you can get it on some deep discount (and you've really seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and continue looking.
