I sincerely believe ANIONE believes that film work is undergoing this incredible failure. Like Edward Vood, the 1960s and 1970s movies, this film is a great example of why true creators spend so much energy to copy scripts, re-edit their movies and process their special effects until they finally finish. looks good. This film is also a decent argument FOR pre-screening studies. If Mr. Hines were forced to submit the honest reactions of the impartial audience, he might have cut off 75% of the scenes of walking / running / walking and edited this movie for up to 90 minutes. Film students should watch this movie as an example of how seriously their thinking is really dangerous "good enough". Every performance, every line of dialogue, every digital effect, every filter effect, really every video clip expresses the danger of a tendency towards a mere mediocrity. The starting director can from time to time be tempted to think "at least I've achieved something" or "just finish this will be an accomplishment in itself." This movie will help them understand how much a movie can turn out to be. Critics could also benefit from watching this film before the latest summer party "the worst movie ever made" calls. Beginners can learn from this film how important transcripts are, and perhaps understand the need for rewriting. Also, beginner directors can learn the importance of a good script and a certain degree of respect for how difficult it is to write a script that causes emotions in the audience through the story. Writers and directors who watch bad films made for cable television this week and think that I can do better than that they can see the idea of ​​this movie as it is really hard to produce even the central results. <br /> <br> I honestly believe that this movie can serve as an educational tool for beginners. Especially those who enter the craft in this current post-Lucas and post-Spielberg environment. There is a reason why filmmakers are called for their special effects skills. The war of the worlds clearly illustrates that not everyone can do it. Some people can not even come.
