I probably give more credits than I deserve because it's Halloween, I was at Knott's Scari Farm, and I was in the mood to watch the real cheesy movie for Halloween. Oh, and it just costs me a dollar. Usually I will go through a movie like this to get to the "good stuff", but I resisted the urge and I'm still not sure why. It was obvious from the first recordings that this was not a "real" movie, not even a B-movie. This is more in the category of DeCoteau's "horror" films like "The Brotherhood" filmed on a movie video for about 50 cents (actually, I was scared at any moment when one of his boys in college would dare to rub in his pants or something). There were no shots (too expensive to set up multiple cameras) and flat illumination, but ... it's hard to determine. Something is refreshing when you watch the director without money pull half a decent movie. The fact that he does even half a decent job is praiseworthy, and this movie has its share of merit - the acting is not bad, the photo is pretty good (if it's too bright to be scary), there are some surprises, and the whole thing is kind of .. Different anyway. A bunch of college kids is (for some unknown reason) stuck in a warehouse where they decorate the annual haunted house. A helpless old man gives them Satan's book and casually recall the powers of hell. This resulted in the fact that costumed people in the haunted house became those who invented to be, and caused a lot of severe suffering and human suffering. By the way, we were treated with a strangely complex and imaginary undercurrent of lesbian relations - it is interesting that this couple is the most perfect in the film. Yes, there is a scene of sex, but it's not loyal - or at least not more than it could be found in any legitimate film about lesbians that show them sex. It's rather unusual for a horror film to take time and effort to do it without resorting to cheap exploitation. Another thing about this that I was interested in was that she was obviously trying to mimic "stupid kids who have sex and kills" in the vibe of the 80's. It's hard to understand, because there are so many films that already exist, the genre is done to death. I'm not sure whether it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to get into this genre, without irony, as if it was still LIVE Genre, but I appreciate the attempt. So I went through it; Sometimes you just want to watch a mindless, worthless, "A-for-effort" horror movie. It was really too much set up, there was not enough blood, endless complications, dead ends and clichés, and the unhappy overall feeling of a movie that just did not have enough money behind it to be a movie that the producers imagined ... at least, the terraced house's scenes were pretty cool. I would pay to go to that haunted house if it existed, and I did not mind paying the dollar to see it on a DVD, even if I would never watch it again. Oh, and ** Possible spoiler **, but there was a great, short work with a vampire girl in a suitcase: "I used to be claustrophobic, but I changed." Ha ha, good.
