Several critics have rewarded this film with positive comments. I do not want to argue with their opinion, but I do not agree. When I first watched this movie I was mildly impressed. But after comparing it with other films, especially with the late master, Bruce Lee, I quickly changed my mind. In fact, if there was no title for the movie, I would never buy it. The game of death 2 does not apply to the original game of death, (except that it shares one character, Billy Lo.) I was stunned to see that a similar game of death 2 was compared with the input of Dragon. The plots have striking similarities: both Bruce Lee and Bobbi Lo are on a mission to revenge a cousin. Two locations are similar, in which both are very isolated and surrounded by thousands of black whites. In both films there is an element of prostitution (in both films, women are sent to two guest rooms.) Both Han (Enter the Dragon) and Levis supporters have no hand. Their underground drug surgery in Enter the Dragon, believe it or not, there is one in Game of Death 2. Han has a cat lover in Enter the Dragon, the director used his imagination and rewarded Levis with a pet pet! The list continues. As for other aspects of the film, such as the script and acting, I felt very bad. It seemed to me that the director asked a group of martial artists to act in a movie and prayed that they could act. On a positive scale, I can not deny that choreography is impressive. Although combat sequences have strong acrobatic elements in them, they are less skillfully performed. However, as the action was insufficient, I could not relate to the characters, so the combat sequences were more exhibitions than the meaning of the film. In conclusion, I would say that this film is recommended to all fans of martial arts, but for those who enjoy a solid action movie, good story and strong characters, I would not seriously recommend this film. . My opinion about this movie may look very biased and unilateral, but when Bruce Lee set a new standard in the martial arts cinema, especially after his masterpiece: Enter in the Dragon, this film has failed to reach these standards. If anything, they imitated a truly brilliant martial arts film, hoping to achieve the same level of fame. In relation to my estimate, giving this film a very rough one in 10, the film is visible to the barley, and must be grateful for having had the combat sequences it did.
