In this 'sequel' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (take it Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No, but in addition, that's all that has in common with another movie. Billy no longer looks like an actor. It looks like it's in another country. It's more like a spy. He is the only member to return and unfortunately kill him to make room for the new character, his brother Bobbi. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film dies with him. It was extremely bad. It seemed like they were writing a script while recording. The recording works for some time (initially not too obvious), but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark all the time (he emits light at one stage without any other obvious reason to hide the fact that Bruce did not play the part). Unfortunately, when the film changes. I can not help but wonder if they were filming while they were writing and maybe they were planning to keep Bruce alive, but later they decided to kill him because it would not be likely for Bobbi to appear until Billy dies. It's hard to change the main character in the film halfway, and Bruce is a difficult act, so it's hard now to accept Bobbi as a star. Bruce is never seen again in this movie. I think they should continue this sequel without Bruce, he plays a poor role in this film. People who hope to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed when they see that he has the biggest role in paying. Even the worst movies have at least one unforgettable piece. If there's anything about this movie, people seem to be talking about it, it's a scene in which Billy fights in a plant nursery. Ironically, he does not even take Bruce Lee's footage. Keep in mind, they made it more convincing in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors here ever did anything else unforgettable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce completes writing his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I thought it was really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small budgeted movie, like this one, could have enough money to use the images of Enter The Dragon. It was a cheap way to try to cash in with Bruce's name. Unusually this and the original are attributed to Bruce's filmography. Fortunately so far, no one has tried this again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film. It was a sad way to finish it, but luckily, it's proof that Bruce's film career should be left alone.
