There are so many stupid moments in 'Tover of Death' / 'Game of Death 2' that you really wonder if it's a flaw. Sometimes it seemed that I was watching the sequel to Kung Pova, not Bruce Lee's movie. To be honest, this movie has everything to do with the 'Game of Death'. If nothing else, it's more of the 'Enter the Dragon' sequel / remake, which includes many elements of this movie - especially real recordings. Character Bruce Lee Billy Lo (apparently) explores the sudden death of his friend and encounters a part of the movie that remained with a man's daughter. When the body was stolen during a funeral (!), Billy was also killed and his crazy brother was to revenge the death of both men. Tong Long plays as brother Bobbi Lo and does not actually have the kind of charisma that carries a movie. However, his fighting skills are very good. Bruce Lee obviously appeared thanks to (more) uninstalled recordings only to redeem legacy. Saying that, overall, the shot is actually arranged - better than the 'Death Game', but this does not prevent the movie from becoming a mess. OK, so the fighting is actually very fun (I dare say mind-blowing) and make the movie the least visible. But in this movie there are so many stupid elements to really test your patience. First, there is an alleged criminal who lives on his luxurious property ... or is it a mental institution? Seriously, the lunat eats raw game, drinks the blood of the deer, wears a monkey on his shoulder and possesses peacocks and lions (?!). This attempt to make him firm and intelligent makes you feel sorry for him - you expect someone outside to accompany him to your room. a naked whore and a lion's suit arrived. I turned it off. Nevertheless, I finished the film and I was glad to do it because the battle scene in the end (like 'GOD') was a reason to watch. Although the story is a shame, the action is very good and contains excellent choreography. But even the finale disappointed if the premise was all it needed. We are told that the 'tower of death' was a pagoda that was upside down and underground. This sounded great, as it was the original concept of Bruce Lee with different fighting styles at every level. Could it have been a "death game" that was originally planned? Not! The movie should be called the "Generator's Death Room" because it's all the way to the tower. Yes, there really were one or two 'different' styles ... there was a sheet of trained grunts, leopard skins and stupid monks. As if Enter the Dragon was never made, and the plot is a bad imitation. Worth to watch once for a fast fighting scene, but sometimes so stupid it hurts. If it was intentional, then good. However, for the recreation of the scene from the projector room from 'Enter the Dragon'.
