Is it possible to give the movie NO STARS? I guess not. As long as the IMDb star shows this, just think about zero and you will get my enthusiasm. The director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much budget compared to Spielberg's herecological efforts with the same material (which was said to be the most expensive film ever made), but that does not have to be an insurmountable handicap. I've seen some wonderful works on a comparative floor ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, the talent is certainly possible to make a faithful display of Vells's novel - and a fraction of what Dreamvorks spent on his "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines did not succeed in all these departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed for the lead, his film would be as bad as this animal he imposed. First, Hines looks can not tell the story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but shows little inclination to make narration with what he is recording. A man is walking down the village path, a lot. He spoke badly of receiving English to someone else. Then he walks with the same tape, he just fired from his back this time to show he's coming back - smart, huh? Walking and talking, for almost an hour, that's all that's happening. OK, I will authorize an extended trip from the home hero's home to the Horsell Common to show that this is a significant distance from one place to another can be useful (the student of the first year of the film could be a more economical and aesthetic order of establishment than this, btv), but half a dozen times? Forward-back, back-and-forth, and so on, and so on, with some yakkit-even between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this surplus of redundancy, besides total artistic incompetence, is the desire to throw thirty minutes of joyfully amateur CG into something that could be offered as a feature film. Eventually Mars fighting machines appear, and walking and talking becomes running and talking, or screaming. Later, we will be amazed and turned to dessert. Fortunately, a large part of the dialogue is raised directly from H.G. Vellsa; otherwise we would not have a clue what is going on. But is it not entirely for the film to light up the text, to understand what words I can not convey? If the film relies on a dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why be tortured? Why not work? Orson Velles became the household just that. However, Hines thinks he is the director, so he is pleased to utter the words and swallow the meaning. Second, Hines managed to buy some effects of CG for his film, but he has no idea. how to use them. Now, for one I do not have an unpleasant candy sweets. I believe that a good science fiction movie does not require enchanting technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fis flourished almost nothing. But "War of the Worlds" as a film requires some basic effort. Vells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen and heard, and even smell. Effects need not be complex; they can even be rough (for example, battle machines on wires that glide down the miniature streets, as seen in the version of George Pal / Biron Haskins 1953), but must be well handled. Unfortunately, Hines' effects are both rude and incompetent? Fighting machines on trunks above the cathedral cat are snooping around making noise like a stick bouncing on a linoleum? Martian skuidoids, though oppressed by the quadruple gravity of their home world, pass through and pass without apparent effort ?? skeletons that are completely barefooted by meat and muscles, screams and screaming - the same damn horse and the sinful trunk go through the foreground ten times (occasionally turning left to the right in the hope that we might not notice) ?? and at the ad nauseum. Raw technique is forgiving. So, you have the effect of a CG fire that is less than convincing? All right, we can bypass that. Just do not use it too often and just show it. This female line looks more like a broken plum? Throw. It is not necessary. You say your Mars flyer looks like a toy on a rope? If you have to use it, just go ahead, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst things that are used again and again. I gotta get some 180 minutes, boy. Then we have acting, or more precisely acting. Whether in a speech role or just being paid to die on the line, everyone in this film comes out of their little heart. Apparently Hines thinks he's getting a deal - he's running away in fear! You, trembling behind that tree, let's have the right idea that suits this move. You call it fighting agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can be better off - Yet the actors as a whole and smash individually. They are not even good amateurs. But this does not have to prove fatal. Many good movies have been made with ignored acting. For this they are directors. And editors. What leads to another point? Who the hell did he allow Tim Hines to arrange this cheese factory? If the American butchers were skilled in cutting meat as Hines was on filming, your next hamburger would be all fingers without beef. In spite of almost three hours of work, there are many things missing in this movie - not sequences, but individual frames, creating a heretic-jerk effect that is troubling to watch. Perhaps Hines's intention was to simulate the effect of a handheld camera from the 1890s. If so, I can say that he does not know how to do it.
