I would like to start from saying that I am not an anime fan (with few exceptions), and I generally have a low opinion on the so-called Otaku because they are so in love with their special brand of caricature they mark every movie with heads with pointed, big eyes, work, even without considering other vital factors, such as complication. And no anime film represents a better distinction between otac and people with the real taste of this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Furi: Motion Picture. As seen through the glassy, ​​mindless eyes of Father, there Fatal Furi has a lot to find the mistake ... there are many weird Japanese-and humorous, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments, and everything is nicely drawn. But all the others will be excluded from the cliché, predictable complication with the cliché, predictable characters, which will culminate with the cliché, predictable ending. Love scenes are hilariously overwhelmed - a scene in which Sulia "treats" Terry is obviously intent on being a gentle moment, but it's almost impossible not to be thrown into the spirits of dizzying laughter because of his senselessness. And of course, Fatal Fury is not without a compulsory cartoon T & A-- this is freely delivered by huge breasts Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Furi is based on a series of video games of the same name (oh boi), we have been treated with numerous absurd performances of popular characters with little or no importance to the plot (they go through all the problems of introducing Kim early, only after that completely disappear from This film confusion reaches its climax with an inadvertently farsal final battle, in which all the main characters engage the almighty chief criminal in one-on-one combat. That's something that always kept me entertained ... even when the animes do not take place in the tournament , they always happen as though, regardless of the fact that it does not make sense! Otakus has always talked about how films for anime should be treated as films, as opposed to just cartoons, and the disturbing part of these same people likes Fatal Fury would be good if it were not anime? The answer is unequivocal "no" - all the charm of this film, the little thing that exists, is in realistic drawings. That Fatal Fury was not anime, it would be decent episodes of the Misteri Science Theater 3000, if the show is still on the show. It's the key-- this is nothing more than a funny bad B-movie in the form of an anime epic story. If you are a movie lovers so bad that they are really fun, consider renting Fatal Furi (or catch it on the Sci-Fi channel) because it's definitely one of them. If you are a father, please wake up and realize that there are over 90% of the things you see in the garbage. As for everyone else, buy Dreamcast and Fatal Furi: Mark of the Volves, but do not even watch this movie.
