Vicker Man, starring Nicolas Cage, is by no means a good movie, but I can not say that this is what I'm sorry to say. I could go further and further on the negative aspects of the film, such as the terrible acting and long scenes where Cage is looking for a girl, has hallucinations, followed by another hallucination, followed by the sequence of dreams - with hallucinations, etc. ., but it's just not worth it to turn to a movie like this one. Instead, here are five reasons why you should watch The Vicker Man, even though it's bad: 5. It's hard to deny that there are some truly freakish ideas, the only problem is in his cheesy, unintentionally ridiculous execution. If nothing else, this is a movie that can inspire you to see the original 1973 film, or even read the short story on which it is based. 4. For horor horor / thriller, it's really aesthetically pleasing. It's pretty obvious that it was filmed at the site instead of using a green screen or complex sets, so we can see some very large landscapes. There are also many beautiful footage. It's a very good movie. 3. Nicholas Cage is not as much an actor as the natural force. Regardless of whether you are his fan or not, it seems impossible for Cage to play "a normal guy". There is always some kind of eccentricity or reluctance that he brings to the characters he plays, and personally, I'm always fascinated by watching in any movie that works. Whether Nicolas Cage is excellent or awesome, he always brings his unique energy into the game and is never boring to watch. He is terrified at The Vicker Man, but in the most beautiful way. 2. A student might probably write hell about this movie, because it seems to be the strongest anti-feminist movie ever recorded. "You see?" you can write: "this happens when women are allowed to lead a society!" Also, the similarities between this "Summersisle" society and the colony's bees are quite interesting and worthy of attention. 1. If you are reading this, there is probably a good chance that you may have seen an iUTube video that has become very popular: the collection "highlights" from the movie, including the Cage moving in the bear's suit, and of course, the infamous "AAGHH !! THE BEES! MI EIES !!!" line. These scenes are hilarious outside the context, and they are still pretty funny as they look at the whole film. I bought a used DVD on Blockbuster for about $ 5 ... when you do it, it's about a dollar of reason. It's a pretty good offer. NOTE: An unlimited version of the movie is best viewed, and it's better to watch the theatrical version just because of its small epilogue addiction, which contains Jamie's kamaje. Franco.
