Sometimes a laugh in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its size. I remember the audience's nervous laughter in the re-release The Ecorcist ?? really nervous laughter. It was broken as we all watched the voice of Satan coming out of a twelve-year-old girl. In the case of remake of the cult classic from 1972 The Vicker Man, I still thought that this new Vickerman is terrifying as a character of the South Park, Scuzzlebut, a friendly forest monster with Patrick Duffy for television and legs. a staple of celery for a hand that is a favorite hobby weaving knitted basket. Three years ago my friend from Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage would make a remake of the film. I started to laugh and my friend (Keith) was angry at me that Nicolas Cage was a great actor. I just did not think he could do it, and unfortunately for movie viewers I was right. The reality has gone, exceptional original music, originality, giggle and beautifully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have clichés about horror films, the impact of acting and the change in stories that make each faith fall apart. Like many of the innumerable Hollywood treatments that we've been floating over lately this seems like we're seeing fourth-grade students playing "playing Vickerman". The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island, where the Scottish island policeman is lured to find a missing young girl named Rovan Morrison. In a new turn, a Californian cop (Cage) was lured to an island in the state of Washington by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a photo, and the missing daughter looks just like a young girl he tried to save in a fire accident recently. The crash still haunts him partly because the girl's body has never been found. However, even after receiving a letter with his image, the relationship is completely rejected as he moves to the north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He comes to find the island a lot of actors who pretend to be the descendants of the Vikings, many of whom seem to have no calls for roles in the village. And as the village is not long before you realize that there is nothing to be afraid of here. Not even cloudy blind sisters who speak equally. I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make large amounts of money on the movie often comes at a great cost for art. I think that someone like Nicolas Cage who has lost touch with the magic that can be in these days, when she gets to the point where she has a personal chef on a set that prepares her snacks. We needed a bad reconstruction of Vickerman as if we needed another 9-11 film. I begin to wonder if Nicholas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted or because he was called to do so.
