If Edward Voodworth was a film that was watching this movie, then that's what screams from horror. I'm sorry, but enough is enough. We had Get Carter, Italian job, Alfie and now this. What are the similarities? Not. It's no coincidence that the three original stars of Maurice Micklevhite and other stars are another great British actor. The main common ingredient of these originals is the British films. They're not meant to impress Hollywood. It was an unusual English film with a unique charm / atmosphere that simply can not be replicated in the United States. It's about CULT and it's a better way to destroy a cult film than to bend it with a remake or even a bit further. Vicker 06 had a difficult task before he even started. Vicker 73 is even more enigmatic than other cult films; defies genre, intelligent scenarios, A-class actors, a music party, set-pieces that defy the description and all the stories surrounding the film. So, here's the remake. Do not worry. No original was damaged during the creation of this remake. Several major aspects of the story should have been reworked for modern US communications, paganism, and device. But that's just the whole premise. So let's give the policeman a traumatic style in Nam, complete with shock music for cheap fears. Then without a mobile phone mast on the island, which sort the communication - but in the real world this would not have happened. Cops just do not miss it. Give him a blood link for motivation, not a conflict of belief, and you have remake. Waffle is thin, is not it? Just put everything on the spatula. Changing the names were just hamam, almost Carri-On, there was no sense of community on the island, no city center to catch your position, just a few houses that were intermingled around the forest, and that's it. Villo was just bored by not giving any information and Cage was useless to let her get out. When he entered the well, you knew he would lock it. The scenario is marked all the way to the end - and you just wanted to hurry and finish. The epilogue was absolutely hilarious and did not know when to stop it. This end is probably the best way to summarize the difference between the two. One ends up in the most beautiful sunset after the most horrible day. The second ends with the post-production conclusion of the "explain-all-to-fat" type. I loved the original, but I went to the open mind cinema and I was excited to see the movie. I left it grateful that I knew that this film would probably end up under the highway, somewhere where only this time, gracefully forgotten forever.
