Vicker Man did it impossible! She replaced Cat Voman as the worst recent movie in my mind in cinema. Yes it's really so bad. It's so bad that when I sit down and write this review, I think: "If I have a choice to look at this movie again or to pull in my hot red needles," I might go for red hot needles. > Neil LaBute created a rare film in which Joel Schumacher could relax and feel the guilt with comfort and mind "Yes, it's a very bad direction." I think the first clue for me was supposed to be the mark: "Some victims have to be made". It would surely sound kind of rude and evil to intimidate you, but the victim will be on the side of the screen for the audience. Believe me, the people responsible for this film should be charged with hate crimes ... or at least for fraud because they were trying to take this as something like a party. Seriously! The film is about an island where men are just there for breeding, and I would rather stick to the Gilligans island with Condoleezza Rice's pictures only, and then I found there stranded. The most fun part about this movie was the guy who pulled out the loudest fart I ever heard in the cinema. It's not a joke nor is it fictitious. I've never been to a "thriller" and I've heard so much laughter through the whole movie. I can not tell you with certainty whether the laugh was intended in an attempt to alleviate the cinematic tension or if they really thought this wing would really fly. I honestly found the route for the disappearance of the current or perhaps the struggle to break into the cinema, all that would make this more interesting, which is pretty sad from Deez, Povder and I hit 2 beers before the movie just for a little mental anesthesia (soon will be the law before all Nic Cage films, write to the congressman today, do not postpone). At one point I thought that this movie may be fake and that Ana Ferris will appear? Oh, how I want to. Nic Cage throws so many hams on a cholesterol test run today. To think that I had ever thought that Sean Penn was a d * ck for breaking Nic's acting, is he still d * ck only smaller than one? That Sean Penn's d * ck has been reduced for this film. Do us all the service of Nic play your strengths and stick to the pathetic losers and drunks. You can not play the supermodel without playing strong roles, go straight to jail, do not go, do not collect $ 200. His best moments in this movie are when he finally came to his feet and actually cut out a fierce woman to steal her suit of bear (such as a frog, not a joke or a functional moment during this review) and then continues to rage like Conan O'Brian He masturbates the bears, but with half the joy of a bear that bites his garbage. Luckily, it is nearing the end after it turns out to be a victim for the audience on the new Burning Man and Lilith Fair hybrid tour. Yes!!!! I just ruined your end and if you knew better, he would build me statues in worship and sing the songs of my legend. I've been sitting through this shit-fest so you do not have to. About half way through this little accident I've been thinking about, Jack Bauer would wrap this case in 20 minutes in real time. About 35 minutes if Kim first attacks the mountain lion. Even Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau could figure this in less than an hour, and you, sir, are not inspector Clouseau. If for some reason you are captured and have the choice to look at this movie or take a bullet, take a bullet. Somewhere Uwe Boll can laugh at us all.
