A phenomenal achievement in horror. It's really hilarious. First ... Nicholas Cage must have reached the final in the Over-Emoting category in his acting. By wearing new hair plugs and a face that has been lifted so many times that their ears are ears in the mouth, it seems that they struggle to touch in the back, not just being sick, but creating a "heroic" character for which you have no interest. I do not know what it is with Neil Labute and female characters. He makes women become completely deviant and evil ... and returns them back by causing Cage to hit several of them directly in the face and call them "b **** es" several times. I enjoyed LaBut's early movies and some of his performances ... but it's a strange fascination. I would give this film 2 out of 10 exclusively based on the performance by Ellen Burstin. By the time she finally makes her appearance (a brave soldier through her scenes with her strip clearly visible on the forehead) it seems that all hope can be lost. She earned the Oscar right here and now she says her lines with a flat face and when she appears in white mum and the blue, white and golden color of the person that stares on The Vicker Manu, you know that she worked with Scorsese and Friedkin really for her. This role well passes. This film is so wrong and coward that he must see himself to be believed. The most important are: Nicholas Cage escapes from the swarm of bees, and then descends down the hill. Nicholas Cage steals a bike and looks like Mrs. Gulch from the Wizard's Wizard that drives around. Nicholas Cage runs around the island breaking the door in search of a missing girl. Leelee Sobieski PLUMMETING from the once-promising acting career in "beat" with Cage. Ellen Burstin dances around and told the mum. Nicholas Cage screamed: "Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it?" for no reason. Nicholas Cage in a bear's costume (I do not joke) runs through the woods, removing the costume (but leaving the bear's legs) and then moving into some karate Zlikovci. You did not live until you saw the last 15 minutes of the film and its terrible epilogue that looked like it was filmed yesterday in your cousin's basement. Needless to say, if you manage to go through this movie without having to laugh out loud, then you deserve a medal. In fact, the film came to a point where I stopped kidding to wonder if it might have been elaborated to send films about "hysteria" ... just to recall when Cage screamed / whispered his dialogue that it was real I think this is destined to be a cult movie again ... just because it's so terrible.
