All the others who negatively commented on this film did a great analysis of why this film is so horrible. I did not mean to comment, but the film is so troubling, especially the writer / director. So I need to throw a hat to join the nailers. I saw the original "Vicker Man" and I really loved the abundance of music, sensuality, paganism in the modern world and the conflict of theological beliefs. This is said, I'm not part of a crowd that thinks that remarkable movies should not be done. For example, I loved the original "Physical Invasion of Physicians" from 1950, but I also enjoyed the remake of 1978. Both films can stand alone. Another example is the "thing". Original, as it seems in relation to today's standards, has much to be proud of in the remake of 1982 with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror film of all time). So a small minority of people who like "The Vicker Man" can not charge me again to smoke this shit just because it's a re-make. This film has affirmed for me Neil LaButea's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. I also wondered how the executives, who want to make a serious thriller, shed light on a product that is so anti-feminine. There are too many Cage scenes that hit women just because they are frustrated by hindering his investigation of a missing girl. would you react like this to the island in other cases where the suspects do not come? It originally created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the goddess. The threat to the protagonist came from all men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. Metafora bees, drones, etc. It was a bit difficult and practical ("Dron must die!"), Especially when Cage's character is bee's allergies. I was constantly wondering why men on the island did not return and used only physicality to prevent these women from treating them as slaves. These were not women with special supernatural powers, and half looked like they were pregnant, the other half old and fat, and other girls and thin blondes, so if men really want to escape, they can do what most men want to hate women . They dominate them physically. It seemed that there were no weapons or weapons outside the cutting tool to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were trunks, why can not I speak them? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because it seems that Neil LaBute believes that the women's management will leave castrated men. (This movie has already been shot. "The Stepford Vives" anybody?) The classic symptoms of men who fear what can happen if women mate and are really equal citizens. The problem with a female company that hates a man is that it makes an unheard-of-looking movie and creates unintentional humor when Cage begins to hit women. I believe that LaBute should leave the society egalitarian, maintain sexuality and unhappy lasciviousness, and push the discomfort buttons against the children on that island. No one likes pedophiles or children sexually exploiting. How would a police officer react if he saw that the kids with children were doing rude actions around them? It would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, so this urgency is created to save the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute said he had created a fiancé and story of a daughter's story in order to encourage Cage's character to seek. I do not think you need it. Any abused child will force an adult to react to save them. Irony, of course, was that Cage's child was "saving" in the end, bringing death. Dialogue was fictional and silly. The whole third rank was hilarious. The audience I saw with the guffaved (and later booed at the end). I just thought that the film was wrong when the letter arrived in a handwritten manuscript and all the flashbacks that showed how Cage was wounded. We do not need that. Just tell him he's coming to the island for the investigation of a missing child. Most of us in America saw "Law and Order" and other policemen. We entered the film as if we were Cage's partner who solved the mystery. So much potential ... lost. Neil LaBute, hold the head of the head for people who enjoy your men's games and such tactics. Stay with your company. Leave the thrillers to people who understand the thrillers. Here's your honey container. I'll take care of it.
