Right now I'm sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I thought I was shaking 6 noise on VHS, maybe I'm suffering because of that. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago searching for the Internet for the War of the Worlds because of rumors of Spielberg's film at the time, and I missed an old TV series from the early 90's. The site shows that this was a multimillion-dollar budget performance of a classic book. It will be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in line with this movie. First, the video clip on this movie was glitched! It looked like I was watching Full Motion Video from a PC or Plaistation CD-ROM video game from the mid-90s. Unfortunately, the color quality is similar. The act made Shatner's classic "dramatic break" damn near Shakespeare's quality. CG display of different scenes was terrible, and the green screen sequences were worse than those seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. Secondly, it is slowly and terribly drawn out. I sat in 45 minutes of video (without promotion at the beginning) before the cylinder was opened to discover the first alien. After that, the alien was a terribly built CG squid. Now I'm in an hour, and most of the alien weapons I've seen are a rotating silver disc (even without glare) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes were killed with overly instrumental ones. The last thing about this, for an invasion of aliens at the turn of the 1900s, no one cares about their life. It's like they do not have a concept. Although the media were slow, the mouth was spreading rapidly and people would know. The illusion of day and night was at best bad. A simple change of color around people on purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Perhaps some lighting and real night shots would give a much better illusion. There are many futile sequences through the film just watching the "hero" galloping around or walking down a sordid path. Continue with the film. I know how people move, you do not have to be so deep. Now, finally, an hour and five minutes in the movie and they show alien machines. Powerful morphine Powers Rangers had better effects. Even skeletons of vaporized people seemed to be animated by a student of a computer application in the first year. Animations do not coincide with the landscape. In closing people, if you want the "War of the Worlds", do one of the four things. 1) Watch the original from 1953, 2) watch TV series from the early 90's, 3) wait for Spielberg's publication to be published soon, OR 4) Read the frikkin's book (something we probably did in the basic English class). SAVE THIS FILM. It's the waste of your money.
