Before this edition, Neil LaBute had this to say about the 1973 original: "It's amazing how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. I'm like, come on! Maybe you do not like the new one, but if it's your favorite soundtrack, I do not know if I want you to like my movie Neil, the word. Maybe you want to sit down for this, as Lord Summerisle says, shocks are much better absorbed with bent knees. , Neil, the thing about the original, is that Soundtrack Paul Giovanni is one of the most famous things about it. The authors themselves consider it to be you a musical with Together with Richard and Danny Thompson and Bert Jansch, has practically started a new folk wave in the 70s To undermine this, it is similar to imagining Javas without John Villiams Or Buddy Holly Story Without Buddha Holly The result is one of the most striking arrogant , meaningless remake of the British cult classic since Sli Stallone: ​​Get Carter. The original apparently left Nicolas Cage "upset about two weeks". So distracted, during the window for two weeks, that he had expressed the idea of ​​re-imagining one of the finest film about the interreligious struggle ever designed for the writer-director who was previously known for his completely unbearable portraits of male chauvinism. It's like a game in the lounge: what would you get if Sam Peckinpah took over Bambi? Or Gaspar "Reversible" Noah transformed Love, Actually? Unfortunately, someone took this salon seriously: Everything that LaBute has been able to do is to extract the bravery of the original as it burdens its own sexual preoccupations. After she failed to save the girl and her mother from a fatal traffic accident, Cage's patrol motorway spirals were in medical throbbing. Then he receives a letter from former fiancée Willow Voodward (this trades in honor-name), now lives in the private island community Summersisle? that extra 's' means 'superfluous'? and wants Edward to help find the missing daughter Rovan. Summersis, it seems, is a community dominated by women, conceived as a haven for oppressed women and refugees from the Salem trial. Here, the matriarchs look at the Olde ways, and a few males are almost mild breeds. It's like Lilith Fair on a big scale. Summersisle's main export is honey? symbolic and literal headache for Edward because it is allergic to bees. "Beekeepers!" Coward Edward. "It looks like they are everywhere on this island!" Well, that's probably because Summersisle's main export is honey. While doing his investigation, Edward heard of the upcoming Maidai ritual called "the time of death and rebirth". He discovered that last year crops failed; almost dies from the sting of bees; and finally comes to a conclusion (the conclusion, which, of course, could not be more obvious, if the locals tattooed the schedule of events on the back of his hands) that Rovan would be burned by a live pagan rite to secure an abundant harvest. She also meets the queen bee queen, Sister Summersisle (Burstin), who has her plans for him, including the same name Vicker Mann: "The dron must die." First, the good news: any concern Cage will be transferred from the flaming jaws of the man at the last minute by the fleet of black CIA helicopters that can be dropped: he toasts. That's all for good news. "This is a story whose chapters are carefully written," says Burstin with a sublime irony. Although it retains the basic premise of cats and mice (and the type of loan), it leaves the original the original for a burnt-out policy. Key to Shaffer's original script is that his Christian copper, according to the ritual, came to the island at will? and most importantly, she was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. In reducing things to sexuality, unlike the struggle of religious power, LaBute represents the weakest qualifications to sacrifice the harvest. By the time Cage worked out, he was a bait, you do not really mind. And the cage is one of the worst things in this; lumbin, cartoon ass? arsevit whose tongue seems a little too big for his mouth. The "curse" of the groan is after hallucinating the sinking Rovan, with his mental troubles of a man who set the alarm clock for half an hour too early. One is hoping that his character often relies on the pills that brought him into this state? alternately tired, then filled with preppy, superior vim. If so, this is a fine demonstration of an unspecified IK supplement of the antidepressant. If not? Like Villov, Beahan with similar saucers is similarly terrible, presenting his lines as if competing with Cage for that "most subtle" delivery. While Burstin is completely lacking a lively danger of persuading him. Who's afraid of Naomi Wolf? Any element that made original original? detailed details of folk customs, genius result, dialogue (the magnificent "Lord Summerisle" "You did this beautifully!") was replaced by less attractive "You did it perfectly well!" Wow, dude!) ?? they were replaced by a thrilling thriller of the battle of poles with occasional blows. Namely, women's women; This is, however, LaBute flick. Shooting Cage's Sister Beech is just one of the more unpleasant episodes; the impotent little men will be riding with the joy that the hippie chicks have got them finally got what they came to, hiuk hiuk. : at the bar, two guys meet a couple of Summersis girls going to the coast, flirting-fishing for fresh martyrs. At the time of their successful takeover, you expect women to turn around and give an exaggerated tip and thumb to the camera. Another thing: the enthusiastic credit viewers may have noticed that films with an unusually high number of producers (up to 10) tend to be not many police officers. Vicker Man has a total of 18 manufacturers.
