Usually when I write a review for a movie on the Internet, this is for one of three reasons. Or I found something extremely missing in a movie that would otherwise be great, I think that the perception of the public about the movie before watching is inaccurate for several reasons, or I believe that the purpose or message of the film is needed to clarify or explain with the help of other reviewers. Although all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I think that writing a review that abounds only with praises and statements such as "This is one of the best movies of all time!" his merits and defects, and he often does not explain why the film is so good, which should be the point of revision. In these words, the War of the Worlds is nothing but a hurried, incapable attempt to grab money; following his disgusting carcass in a million-dollar movie advertising campaign of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer blockbuster and many more miserable souls will buy it in search of more materials on the same topic. This movie is not "so bad" that it's ridiculous or expensive, but the audience will be so incredibly disappointed that an angry point will come. Now, with most insults, let me give some arguments as a warning to those who are happier than I am. Judging by the cover and the lack of any publicity for this film (I found it as the SAM's $ 8 club), I assumed that the actors would be unnamed and that the special effects would not be anything spectacular . Check it out. This is not a big deal for me, because I find a big budget and too much reliance on the big names of the stars and SE can reduce a decent movie. I also did not expect that an excellent dialogue or moving result would delight me. Check it again. What I was hoping for was a serious attempt at a classical theme and several alien / battles. Now, according to the IMDb policy, all spoilers must be pre-announced, no matter how small they are, so this is a fair warning. The film opens with a large number of pointless conversations, followed by a path to the observatory in order to look at the red dot. Seriously, it's a picture of the red dot in the pipe. It's very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of climbing work on the camera, connected scenes and a lot of walking begin to frustrate the viewer. However, costing is surprisingly bad and hoping that the pods will reveal something mysterious to keep you moving. The next 30 minutes basically goes as follows: one of the main characters walking to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to another main character about watching the pods and can be hot. They both return to town. These walks are not two seconds or added, so the dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and there is simply to add filling up already expanded three hours of film. In a particularly stressful scene, the main character is portrayed as looking at the flute, and then he was shown to walk and whimper, then he looked at the pods, then walked one minute walk through the field to the city, then came into the city and entered the building, then he drank coffee and said "Thank you Mary" to a random maid who serves coffee, then drops coffee and leaves the building, and then passes a few minutes through the field and back into the floor. I apologize for the extreme punishment, but this may be the best way to summarize this entire film. The characters talk too long about fashionable things, walk a lot, send other people to walk, the camera moves between high speed and slow speeds, but without a dramatic effect, it's simply a camera man next time on Tech. Editing is incredibly bad. Human actions do not make much sense. For example, when a professor goes to a farmer's house and says that he needs a farmer to take him to town, the farmer kicks and moves around. When the professor says that there is a pods and that men can be trapped inside, the farmer locks him into the shed just to see the professor seizes the fork and opens a poor diarrhea a second later. Of course, none of the consequences come from the whole scene, because the professor takes a moment later into the main character in order to start his afternoon walk. The whole movie feels like somebody at one point had a good idea about filming the movie, but absolutely does not know how to start it. I saw better video production of high school. Finally, special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to improve the story. I have the feeling that the director really wanted this film to become a cult classic of campistic garbage. However, it is so terrible in technical aspects, and in a purely healthy sense of making people crazy. Avoid this film at all costs.
