You do not expect much from the PRC image, and with rare exceptions - mostly from Edgar G. Ulmer and several authors of Joseph H. Levis or Lev Landers - that's exactly what you get: not much. This "ep" about the Nazis in Africa trying to incite the Arab rebellion against the British is not much different. Scenario, long-standing PRC hackers Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Love, is ridiculous, funny, full of infertile "wise men" and planning holes in the size of Outer Mongolia. The regime, long-standing PRC non-budget expert Al Herman, is at best half-comatose. Performances, though - apart from the spectacularly incompetent and irritating Hammy, Walter Voolf King - are not very half-bad. Veteran comedian Parkjakarus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a Brooklyn guy who masquerades as a razor razor and brightens the screen when he appears. It has excellent comic timing, a charm that saves and seems to be well spent. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as the Arab Sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and veteran bad man George J. Levis as Renald's Arab rival who performs his usual job of criminals, even if he sometimes crosses over the top. Joan Voodburi is pretty beautiful and has a nice touch, and she and Renaldo have great chemistry together, although - like the rest of the actors - she does not have a king at all. H.B. Varner, whose career extends to the silent era, gives a trace of dignity to low-rent procedures, although he has fired several of his orders, and the PRC was PRC, they were not cut. There is a huge number of recordings associated with a large budget of a silent film with a similar Arabic theme - although I have no idea what it is - and the PRC is the PRC, there was no effort to try to make it inconceivable: I rarely saw videos that were so obvious. "Iank in Libya" is not very good, of course - good, OK, stinks - but it would be worth a look only to see Parkjakarus at its peak. I heard about him and I knew he was the father of actor / director Alberto Bruce and Super Dave Osborne, but he had never seen him before. It was worth watching this "extravaganza" of the PRC just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget it.
