I recently saw Broadway's revival "Blithe Spirit" in the lead roles of Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jaine Atkinson. It's a great production and shows what good actors can do with a performance that's not perfect. Angela Lansburi is extremely fun as Madame Arcati. Then it was probably a mistake to check the movie version of the play where Re Harrison played. The film has no energy and does not laugh in a good stage production. "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of those performances that work better with live cast, in the crowd full of people who have come to laugh. Actors can improvise, give touches and shades to their performance, and deliver lines, and engage audiences to a personal level that you can not get in a movie house, or on a DVD where the audience is separated from the Fourth Wall story. Story: Charles Condomine (Rek Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife, Ruth (Constance Cummings), at a house in an English village. Seeking information for his next book, a book dealing with supernatural, Charles invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, who again evaluates her role from the original London production of 1941), a local spiritual media, in her house to conduct a session. Charles believes that spiritism is a fraud, but hopes to pick up "trade tricks". But then Madame Arcati returns the spirit of Elvira (Kaie Hammond), Charles's first wife, who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave and develop rivalry with Ruth via Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On stage actors can give performances that invite a laughing situation. But on the screen, actors in "Blithe Spiritu" pass through the lines as if they did not know that someone listened to them. They mumble lines that are designed to laugh at the scene. The appearances of Harrison, Cummings, and even Kaie Hammond are straight and lifeless. Only Margaret Rutherford seemed to hold her spark and humor like Madame Arcati. The visual effects awarded by Oscar in the film are not impressive - not just by today's standards, but by the standards of 1946! They consist mainly of Kaia Hammond walking in fluorescent green clothes and makeup, photographed in special light to look like a great spirit. The photographer deserves credit for creative lighting. But compare boring visual effects "Blithe Spirit" with really revolutionary effects in Disney's "Song of the South" - which was entitled to the awards of the same year. In the "South", people and animated characters share the screen without any problems in a matter of minutes. Compared to "South," Oscar, who received "Blithe Spirit" for special effects, was completely mismatched. In any case, I can only encourage you to catch Broadway's recovery of this game with Angel Lansbury before it closes. As for the film with Rek Harrison, skip it.
