You just wanted to open a sequence like that in "Seven Women for Satan" ?? During the introduction, a naked girl running through the woods, a hunting dog and a malignant figure on a horse, until it falls off the cliff and splits the head on the rock. Then the camera is zooming on the guy's face and we notice that he simply sits at the table while his secretary is waiting to sign some papers. "Oh, I'm sorry, I'm lost in my mind?" then he says! Sweet, I came across another full movie. Even if you understand only the minimum French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "The Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satanic or ritual sacrifices, but simply turns into a lustrous perverse and mentally unstable Count during his weekend in the countryside. This, in fact, is another slim variation on the classic turning point "The most dangerous game" about the crazy hunting hobby of hunters? preferably hot bare chickens - in the forest for sport. Actually, this is more than just a classic 1932 classic, because the writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine had the prospect of directly linking his protagonist to legendary criminal Leslie Banks in the "Most dangerous game". Count Zaroff is allegedly the son of the original Count Zaroff, but he replaced his private island for a distant French nature. He also can not afford to be unemployed, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a maniac killer over the weekend. Zaroff is a real freak who hallucinates about dancing with a deceased woman, but actually drives his car through the living. His butler once promised to prevent Zaroffs from killing, but apparently doing a bad job. There is not enough depth in the script, and the construction certainly does not pay attention to the uncertainty or the evil atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing during this film is to count the girls who are lured by Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope to get seven soon. Half of the film is a meaningless and boring shot, such as a long erotic dance act in which the statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half is from a psychedelic sleeve, which eventually becomes fatigued, although all the girls look ecstatic. I have the impression that Michel Lemoine's intention is to mimic his cousin Jean Rollin and make a delirious sex-thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so inevitably Jess Franco is a regular Hovard Vernon ("Horrible Dr. Orlof", "Zombie Lake"). Lomein himself certainly has the look of a crazy killer, but not a talent to show him.
