The 1930s were the golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and the great potential of many other opportunities to become rich and famous and happy. People came there hoping to fulfill their dreams. Expectation of open arms and welcome offers were only a few who managed to succeed and find the way to the star, and most of them were then condemned to the lives of hungry, disappointed and unwanted, seeking a little respect for dirty bars and unfriendly hotel rooms. The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles for a similar task - to expand his charms to get one of these beautiful rich women and to write an excellent novel that will put him on the career path, he has written a short story published in unknown anthology. In order to create a romantic masterpiece, it seems unable to produce anything without experiencing it alone, although it occasionally sends parts of the story to a local editor who helps him to survive. He is proud to represent himself as an Italian, but deeply in his heart, he truly feels his Italian origin as a burden. Little money and courage to conquer the world he once had, all of them have long since disappeared and seeing how his dream turns into a hangover that holds the last nickel to spend. The coffee she brought to him was cold and sour, and the spitting of the curse on her caused a constant relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and love hidden below. Camilla as an uneducated girl who is trying to get American citizenship through marriage also carries her heavy cross of non-prospective racial heritage. Although she is a much stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to deal with than Arthur is capable of understanding. Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds his inspiration for working on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their romance will be an accident? It's very surprising to find out that chemistry between the two main characters, by Salma Haiek and Colin Farrell, does not work. Relationships lack the raw and authentic feelings. Hajek, although a more lucrative figure than Farrell, forgot Camille's passion and the strength of his once-brilliant friday character. It is also difficult to have faith in a figure that is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate uses a fairly difficult dictionary and complicated sentences. The more serious character of Phil Marl's variety would definitely better suit Farrel, although it looks stunning in the costume of the period, seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer who balances between hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. Feeling confused watching two on the screen is not right. Their relationship may have been wild, but it is more likely that lightning and lightning are without storm, far from the real passion, the feelings that are just described do not feel inside. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting scenario and good actors is lost, turned into a gray average soon forgotten.
