It must have been annoying to attend daily newspapers while filming continued on this film failure. Probably Cruise, Ekec. Prod., He saw what was happening and that Tovna used much, much more than naked recordings in the final clip, and then she wanted to make up for the catastrophe she saw overwhelmed. A few things: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the tastes of the decade, a dear producer, and one is forced to avoid shame by watching him not attend his films. He has so many moments that he does not believe in what he does and that you can see him in his eyes. I think he would be the best film actor, though not as rich or famous as now, playing another banana in dynamic leaders who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money for sets for period, costumes, cars and other photos and photography as if they just came from a dry cleaner or car wash. No one seems to want to look at anything, well, it's worn out. Or dirty. Is it because the producer of the designer told the manufacturer to make sure that they do not ruin things because the company will have to pay for the destroyed items? It was a story of depression - the thirties, not Disnei Broadvai's musical about that era. In order to do it in black and white, or better, having Calle Deschanel your D.P., let him desaturate the colors during the mixture to suggest something of real impurity and poverty of time. In the end, it was necessary to live a bit depressingly as desperately as those people did in depression. More about Farrell. Did someone believe for a moment that this type of writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see his eyes at one point? Haiek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Are you sending a boy to do a male job? Perhaps in a book, which I have not read, there is a story about an older woman and a young man. I can not exaggerate deep in the middle and later in the film because I jumped out early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone worked not too much funny parody of the film noir. Something like Saturdai Night Live looked like last decade: it's not funny. (I thought in my mind about Gui Noir sketch, music and all that.)
