Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian forger and legend. Something like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billi the Kid, Australians love the legend of opposing English aristocratic repression and uniting the lower class to forever change Australia. The fact that lower classes at the time were about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to have accidentally visited this film. Indeed, several so-called "facts" in this film are, to think, a little suspicious. I assume that the doubts were to be aroused when the introductory credits claimed that this film is based on the book "Our Sun". If ever a romanticized version of truth can be seen in the name for a book, it was there. This will not be a historical epic, but only an adaptation of one of many suspicious legends of Ned Kelly, though a sharp and sporadic version. Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overbloven Hallmark channel of 'real life historical drama' vannabe! The story climbs with an alarming speed (alarming, because the film has never been so relaxed!) The feeling of tiredness after two hours of pure dance brought memories to Costner's terrible Viatt Earp years ago. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get it. This would probably be a little more tolerant if the performances were good (because the course is as if it was not.) However, if you do not want to play the game on the spot, the worst orique accent, then you will be disappointed. Beside that, the game "Who has the dumbest beard?", "Notice the obvious background!" (trace, all ginger is for some reason), and 'Nature in Australia. Including Lions', this is a similar experience blinking through Hallmark, Channel Histories, Discoveri Channel, and Neighbors as they experience a huge hangover. Yes, nature pop-up a lot, in order to fill even more time (maybe an attempt to look artistic), the film continues to show senseless footage of wild animals, and when all indigenous species are shown, here's a circus to enable camels and lion (used during a fight to try to feel a lot of sorry lava than massacred people). This is a tense, impenetrable piece of historical hair that should go right to the TV. I can not say a good word about this movie. Even the fantastic Rush seems to be confused about what is here. When one of the characters comments that there were only two bullets for him and his friend, I wanted to have a gun that will blow me out of my mind any memory of this film!
