I can not get through the message of this movie. It's too clear to ignore it, and it's obscene because it has lost its meaning. I did not read the novel, but Polak's film begins with a scene organized by the CIA in New York, which is blamed on two professional killers led by Mak von Sidov, who continue brutally slaughtering half a dozen strange staff we met and understood. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a tiny elderly professor who is drunk when he is machine-gunned (is that a joke?), And finally, beautiful Tina Chen, looking from the photocopier of the apparatus, realizes that he is being killed, with regret, brave, "I will not scream." Von Sidov replies with understanding: "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by something we are aware of and graphic. It's a brutal scene. There is absolutely no way that von Sidov and his companion can be redeemed. And yet, that's precisely what Pollack is trying to do to the end. After killing these innocent good guys, von Sidov shifts the sides (because the other side is ready to pay him) and kills the masters' evil due to the complicated intramural CIA complicity. The script then turns it into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive human being. "It's better to live in Europe. Things are not that hot." Or anything else. I swear I'm not making this up. Polak wants us to believe that it's better to be an honest mass murderer than a wrong bureaucrat. It's a message. You should write down in case you forget. What sort of psychiatric ruins must you be to reverse the usual values, not to mention common sense, so upside down? I understand that there are imaginary adults who dislike the government of the United States, even hate it, and they see conspiracy almost everywhere, providing an explanation for differently unexplainable events. I know that people who think this way exist because some of them are numbered among my closest friends. However, at some point this will not, this hatred, if increased in intensity, must pass beyond politics or ethics and in the field of psychiatric. For a moment, I do not believe that a man who kills people for money is better than a tyrannical government official. I do not care if the killer is tired and cultivated or knows how to get to Luvra on the metro. Whoever wants to publish this message needs either medication or meditation. I would like to be able to claim that production is as thorough as the message, but I can not. It's pretty well made. (It's kind of worse, because the movie makes it less repulsive.) Even New York City looks photogenic on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought New York was photogenic. Robert Redford performs a wonderful job of designing initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a telecommunication semi-genius. And, man, it looks good! His dressing room is fine. Even glasses without frames become. And his peacock. Not everyone who can make a navy jacket look glamorous. Looks very handsome, pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such a panache. Faie Dunavai is fine in her role, but this is not a very credible role. Would anyone want to sleep with the guy who just kidnapped her and kept her on the nišan? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally wounded if, when this ambivalent relationship ended, Redford asked that no one tell him what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He works one or two very good doubles. The postman is beautiful. The struggle between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is remarkably choreographed, and at least once, we do not really know exactly how it will turn out, because Redford (though a book reader) seems unconnected with the brutal cunning of this engaged worker. assassin. This is one of the last roles of John Housemanna. Shame. He's a magnet on the screen. And what end of his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood with which he was familiar with most of his life. Yes, the film is very well performed, but I can not ignore that wicked paranoid message. I have the same problem with "Triumph of Will" Leni Riefenstahl. Or her Olympic documentary in which the speaker follows a race in which Jesse Ovens is drawn into lead and ominously says: "This black man is dangerous."
