It can only be assumed that Robert Osborne is contractually obliged to express his enthusiasm for even the most adorable films at the TCM library, as this would explain to glorify the "virtues" of this "charming" film during his introduction when I saw it on cable television. Since every old IMDb movie gets a "classic" status from a number of Amateur amateurs, I thought there was a serious need for a more honest review of this movie. This is not your father's corner shop '. For all my dash with 'Iou Got Mail', it still surpasses this as a remake in almost every way imaginable. For those who have seen the original, the defects will only be more obvious. From one of the brightest Meet Cute sequences I can remember (I see a sad humor humor), the film gets out on the wrong leg and never returns step-by-step. This 'musical' only qualifies as one in the truest sense of the term. There are musical numbers that are immediately forgotten, and there is also a Judy who sings "I do not worry" while his hands fly with his hands as in an attack. The Christmas song you sing in the store is probably one of her better numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in numerous music videos, but here she looks terribly wrong. The role was originally fulfilled by June. Allison and Judy are definitely not able to fill the shoes of the old part of Margaret Sullavan. Van Johnson also turns into a rather smooth performance as Jimmy Stevart's other guy. Guides never reach the Chemistry of Stevart / Sullavan or even Hanks / Rian. This is a movie that knows (some of) the notes, but not the music. He does not seem to understand why the original works and even feels the need to add another possible interest in Van Johnson's character to unnecessarily complicate things. Replacing the remake for the original submarine of unbelief is an exhausted planning device that includes an invaluable violin. It's almost embarrassing to watch and feel like it might have been erected from Episode Three by someone with DeLorean and a flux capacitor. It's just an excuse for Keaton's collapse. Even a large scene of resolution between romantic traces is wrong. After looking at both films, you will understand why they called it 'Lubitsch Touch', not 'Robert Z.'. Leonard Touch '. Avoid this and re-watch the original movie or one of the Judy Garland earlier movies, unless you are an iconoclast that enjoys when one star falls to the ground.
