This is your only spoiler warning. What sad situation in our cinema when non-professional garbage like this is considered "worthy Oscar". I share the material on three levels. The first is a theater theater. Here the viewer stagnates and the power lies in the representation of the actor and, most importantly, in the author's power. A good drama writer is better than a good scriptwriter because he knows better the ways of the word. The best drama writers know how to create images that can not be shown in the reactive phase. The second level is film. In this medium, a weaker writer can be used, but the viewer does not sit in one place all the time. With the film, the context can take the quality of visual poetry and meaning with strong writing. In addition, the movie can manipulate elements such as sound and color in a way that is almost unreal. The final level is literature. In this context, everything is conceived by the author, translated into paper, and then re-imagined by the reader. Much more details can enter into a novel than imaginable for a film studio. Therefore adaptations can go up, but they never should. Novelties are never better than the basic movie (see those in ten in your local bookstore), while the movie can not transfer the same power as the original book (Catch-22 and LotR). Movies can rarely be transformed into performances and performances can always be turned into movies. As for the "Last Image Display", it fails. It's a movie that should be staged because the director is too stupid to record everything that's right. The characters speak the same and behave the same, it is pure futility. Add to that a disgusting soundtrack and you have a completely inalienable movie. I saw this in my high school drama class with about twenty other actors. The instructor burst into words about how the film was sad. What is sad is that such stagnant work is considered depressive when the material itself is hilarious. If it was colored, the impotence scenes, pool parties and old whores would be considered a great comedy. See what Lucas did with 'American graffiti' a few years later. The American secondary education system must begin to teach film about the film, rather than trying to learn the film. Two visually powerful movies: Apocalypse now and Barry Lindon. Lean on them, not on this. It's the "Last" I want to see. 1 of 5
