It's hard for me to say that, because I enjoyed a lot of Target and Paper Moon, but I thought "The Last Picture shov" was a somewhat fascinating, but excessively self-sufficient film. The most important thing about me, it's a stunning photo. But for me, the film had nothing to offer beyond the surface of beauty (and some sort of hidden beauty). It was difficult to connect the characters or worry. Basically, you had a very slow pace and this naturalistic style of acting, but everything was there to support a very formative and predictable story, complete with all the traps that can be expected from any melodrama in the city - from a boy who cheats with a woman his teacher is a handicapped child to whom they all drink. It was like "American graffiti" without the joy of life. Some might say that this film is more realistic - today many people think realism is the only virtue that a movie can have. But for me, the film was just annoyed, and I want to see him again as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in this poor city where the characters live. Perhaps this film really belongs only to his time - maybe if I saw him in 1971, I would be impressed with his novel, only if I saw something different on the screen. But this would basically mean that I never saw something like, say, Godard's "Dah". Perhaps open references to classic films would like the movie monster inside me and help me overlook some of the weaknesses of the film. But in a post-Tarantino world that hardly looks unique or special. It is interesting, however, that he uses movies in a movie to give himself more depth. We see 3 movies as far as I remember in the picture. First, we see Vincent Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - a remarkable look Liz Tailor contrasts with Sonny's girlfriend and Minnelli's studied middle class in contrast to the "real" face of the character in a similar way. Later, the "Red River" excerpts by Howard Havks highlight the topic of broken friendship between the mentor and the protégé. That really reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his mentor's ass, just as he did if I remember well, choosing a movie about Havks as part of his own film on the screen with Boris Karloff in the "Objectives". I suppose that in 1971 such a thing was new, but looking at it today, it seems to be self-indulgent, as is the rest of this film. After all, I'd rather look at another Havks, Ford or Minnelli movie than have Bogdanovich's film, reminding us of why they were so impressive in such a subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants his time has gone by - all he really does is remind us of how much he and most of his contemporaries are in contact with.
