It should not be a shock for you when I say that Alone in the Dark movie is shy. To be honest, it's as if the monsters are scraped, eat the result, and then vomit. The final product will continue to overshadow this film. Seen based on the ancient (!) Atari video game, the movie has something similar to the portal in the womb of the earth, the liberation of demons and ancient civilization. Something about the existence of two worlds, such as darkness and light. (Guess what's ours.) Oh, and 10,000 years ago, really super-duper advanced civilization opened the portal, the demons came and experienced an explosion, and then destroyed the civilization. That's why we've never heard of them, pretty handsome. when he was 10 years old. He is hot on the trail of one of the artifacts of the advanced civilization. Carnbie was once part of a secret institution called the 713, trying to understand what happened to that ancient civilization. But Carnbie believed that he would not be able to find the answers he asked, leaving the group. But, look, these beasts are outside and get their prey in various ways, as they damaged them, split them in the middle, implanted neurological control devices into them, or just turned them into killing zombies. Yes, it's another zombie movie. It is roughly distilled so that I can make a complication. It's pretty intricate and incomprehensible. In similar films, you can see that the fearless researcher / adventurer understands things step by step, and when the audience is mentally with the researcher, it's very fun. But when the scene moves from attack to attack without any perspective or context ... not so much fun. The acting is terrible, except for Slater, who (although he seems to be embarrassed to be in the movie) has shown that he is capable of carrying an acting burden. He had to; Take this - Tara Reid is set up as a museum curator! Honest to goodness, I thought I saw casting when Denise Richards was an actress of a nuclear physicist at Tomor's Never Dies. But Reid here corresponds to Richards, a creepy emotion for shitty emotions. Reid says "Nevfoundland" as "Nev Fovnd Land," Reid delivers most of its lines ošamućenoj, the throat monotonous (kinda like it was on the night bands last week before shooting), Reid - curator of the museum, watch out - you spend a lot of film in jeans carry the upper part and hip-hugger. Oh yes, she was convincing as Jessica Simpson gave stock quotes. Oh, why are they so stupid? (Note: I do not think Tara Reid look so good. She seems to be a continuing need for food.) Almost everyone else in the cast are completely forgetful, except perhaps for Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the leaders of 713. Dorff's character was not very well developed, but there was nothing in the movie, from sets to characters to Tara Reid. But I step down. In any case, the confusing and utterly meaningless story is hard enough to be watched by a movie that moves with such stupid rhythms, but the director Uwe Boll casts himself into a sound background that has bothered him in the mind; It's so loud that you can not hear what the actors are saying in some scenes! That can not be fine. However, given the level of acting, they may be grateful to Mr. Boll. Oh, and fun note. The starting moments of the film include narration ... words that crawl on the screen at the same time. Remember the first Star Wars? You heard the Star Vars theme now known as Crawl Crawl. There was certainly no need for narration; Why do I need some doofus to read what's on the screen for me? Did the producers simply ask blind people? Maybe that explains why the sound surface was so loud - and they were worried about hard-to-hear people. Also, the narrator inexplicably had the first few rows of crawling - and then he lost it. Bizarre. Sam in the dark is a loud, dubious mess of terrible acting, incoherent letters and directing. It's hardly the truth is true. There is so much chaos that the audience simply refuses to take care of the characters and roots of their death. Even in the dark, demonic creatures look cooler and much more developed in comparison. Ironically, since there were only three more people in the theater, I watched this alone in the dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned it like that? I can not give this lowest grade, because I was hoping to start with her - and because she never grabbed me enough to do it. It's terrible, though Slater is buying up a little.
