I remember reading all the terrible, horrible comments for this movie when it came out. I wanted to see how terrible it was, but it was out of the theater for three weeks. The only other movie that is Gigli. When the movie came out on DVD, I bought it to see how horrible it was. I could not remember the horrible attention that this film received. After I see it, I can understand. First, let me say that this movie is not without some cool recordings. At first, there is a good shot showing the bullet that was fired from the gun, which I thought was correct. And the way in which the monsters in this film are kind of cool; but becomes old after you first see it. Allow me to start with the worst thing in this movie: Tara Reid. If bad acting was a sin, then hell would immediately expel Tara Reid because it is so incredibly terrible in this movie that it's unthinkable. And of all the roles, she plays the curator. Now, if she acted as a stupid, empty sex toy, I might forgive her for acting in her character. Apparently, Uwe Boll did not understand this, although he seemed to think that if he took off his shirt in the film, people would see it. He simply did not realize that what she did in the middle of the movie at the absolutely wrong time, made the movie even more joyful. And is it a Mexican song or something on a dry humping scene? I could not say. What brings me to the following objections: Uwe Boll shows some of the worst directing skills you'll ever see in a movie. I mean, I would give the House of the Dead F (and that's only for very few films), but HotD would have achieved Bar B in comparison with this fucking piece of garbage. The film starts with a very long narration that causes instant confusion (and it reads a terrible narrator) and from there the cuts are really, really stupid. Here's a point where Slater and Reid look around the building that was destroyed and the screen turns black. When he returns, Slater and Reid shoot everywhere and suddenly they have joined the entire army. Huh? And someone did not try to check the mistakes in this movie. At one point, the team pierces the glass, but the glass breaks before touching it. Tara Reid's earrings change color in the middle of a scene, and after Slater leaves the dead, you can see that she begins to rise. As for the story ... I really lost myself. Something about the old tribe that liberated the darkness and someone "opens the way" or something and all the evil monsters leap. It's just an excuse that you have many pistol scenes (the technology is so advanced here that none of the characters should be reloaded in this movie) which, simply, is BORING. I bought this film in the hope that I would laugh at how incredibly stupid it was. I did not laugh, but I still think it's stupid. Very, very, very stupid.
