There should be a rule that explicitly states that films like Resident Evil should be made in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit of being able to raise everything. RE is a game of horror for survival, and it was a very effective game, but Paul VS Anderson managed to do it like any other video. Being alone in the dark is essentially the same kind of spirit as Resident Evil, and of course there is little hope that the director will succeed in having a part of the brain enough to make a horror movie, not an action movie. Instead, Alone in the Dark only proves that there is no longer any hope that video games will become movies. The action, despite the fact that it obviously should not be important, is the biggest of many problems. with a movie. The film begins with what can be described only as five minutes of scrolling a text that may or may not be important, because after a minute it passes, the audience stops worrying and just sits through the rest hitting the object that is closest to them. Then there is something about the orphanage, some artifacts, the ancient tribe, some bureaucracy and some demons, all of which are confusing enough that viewers can not really follow what's happening. The characters move towards the land and come out of it like sweets, and some of them have huge clutches for meaningless death. Basically, I can understand that some demons are released, and Edward Carnbi (Slater) has some connection with them due to some operation given to children in his orphanage that fell on him. He finds an artifact that involves demons and brings him to the former anthropologist of the girl (Reid), who, of course, immediately makes sex without good reason. Then, out of nowhere, all hell breaks off, and the couple end up with a military team headed by some assault commander (Dorff), who obviously has a common hatred for Carnby. It's all ridiculous, and the reason I really do not understand is not just because it's complicated and messed up, but it leaves no room for anyone to really care about. Instead, I recommend that, if you need to watch this movie, you take a tennis ball or something that will capture you when your shop fails to confuse you. Action scenes in a movie with a complicated plot as it would take at least a little to appear, right? Too bad, this film is like any other demolished shit ever made, with enough fast cuts to cut chicken chickens. Bearing in mind that this is based on a game of horror, and not an action game, it is particularly embarrassing. The first action scene in which a man chased Cranberry from Taxi is one of the worst I've ever seen and the rest is not that much. The demons look a bit cool, although the fact that they turn into dust when it kills, takes away all that effect. Scenes that include many weapons that should be cool to watch instead include fire on the sniffer as the only source of light, and the camera zooms in and moves faster than the head of the crack cracker. It's all a kind of shit that causes an attack, and keeps the kids in bed at night. Acting is what I like to call actors and make them do nothing. Slater does nothing but sound important for the entire movie, although he seems to have more talent than he does. The same is true of Dorff, who plays an ungrateful role in spite of the fact that he has some talent (something that has happened to him so much). Reid is pretty precisely what should be, sexual attraction in the background, because whenever he tries to act it's a disaster (like an incredibly bad scientist who has it at the beginning). In all, this is the type of film that takes care of future video games. If it continues to ruin this kind of spirit, it is only a matter of time when Samus Aran will kill the Middle East with the AK-47, and Tommy Vercetti is struggling with alien squadrons. Unlike Resident Evil, however, this does not deserve a second chance, because I think that nothing can help me forget how horrible this movie is. Mild, uninteresting and uncomfortable. This is the film equivalent of diarrhea; everything is thrown together, nothing really fits in and, in the end, you're just glad that it's over. TOTAL: 4%
