In the darkness alone, Uwe Boll's blow to Hollywood after the House of the Dead hit his face. If nothing else, it proves how much pain is the main manipulator. After arguing Artisan that he was not working on a flop that was House of the Dead, one can only assume that normally credible Lion's Gate Films only issued the AITD under a contractual obligation after purchasing Artisan's property. Because AITD is an even greater example of a complete lack of coherent film-making ability, exposure to action and simply poor theft from other films because it should have looked cool, not because it fits into the film's frame. But this is the point, is not it? Boll does not try to make a coherent film because he does not try to direct Alone in the Dark. He's just trying to manipulate Hollivood. I'm in the dark, like House of the Dead, Dungeon Siege, Far Cri, Bloodraine and other 3 or 4 projects that are "announced" or in "production". These are not guided films, but investment portfolios. Each of them rushed into production under the guise that the tax law that Boll and his investors exploited could be closed in the next 2 to 3 years. The more bombardments can be released within that time frame, it will give him and his investors more money. Why try to make a good movie when a bad movie makes you in any case? The result is films like the horror Alone in the Dark. Sam in the dark, like all his other films, is just a cynical exploitation of the current Hollywood trend for lazy film work. And those who support Boll by calling him mistakenly understood or by the next Ed Vood, congratulations, making a cult figure from a man, just make it easy for him to come to the investor, but give him glory. For more information, read here: http: //vvv.cinemablend.com/feature.php? id = 209 http: //vvv.cinemablend.com/forum/shovthread.php? s = & threadid = 21699 As a party, do not ask me how to get my lists together. Unless the actors are somehow deceived by an investment, this mystery has yet to be revealed.
