Seriously, what did they think? Over the years, the Columbo series has tried some new things and turned away from the usual successful formula, but this film really exaggerates. This film is basically very different from any other Columbo movie, but the differences are not for the good of the movie. The main thing that naturally makes this movie different from any other Columbo movie is the fact that there is no murder committed. The whole premise of this film is completely different and sets Columbo character in a completely different environment and situation. It is also totally different and "modernized" altogether. Director Alan J. In the past, Levi brought out some other Columbo films, all of which were kept by the usual formulas. It is also a strange choice that he was chosen to direct this film. The Columbo character himself also feels quite different, perhaps for the reason that he puts himself in a completely different environment and situation when he helps a nephew after his bride disappears immediately after the wedding. The absence of any good and easy Columbo humor also does not make this a good or pleasant clock. Frankly speaking, the film does not start too bad, but the film begins to become more and more ridiculous with its story as it progresses. It's such a dumb painted kidnap thriller with a story that begins to become less likely. It also makes the film more undesirable. This is a very interesting Columbo item that also does not know how to entertain your viewers in any way. It also does not help much that supporting actors are not the most talented. . Despite the fact that his character was placed in such a completely different situation and the film was filmed in such a completely different style, Peter Falk continues to be good and his presence is still somewhat saving this film. Can you just see how this film would be without it? It would be extremely bad and would make fun of a cheap movie that I can tell you. An unusual Columbo input, which could be described as an unsuccessful experiment to turn from the usual formula. 4/10
