The title of a worse film of all time is one that is given quickly and often. Most of the time it's an exaggeration of the facts, but I want to say hello to Alone in the Dark on a short list of real candidates: Plan 9 from Space, Battlefield Earth and Pluto's Adventures. As I watched a 90-minute boredom, it was hard for me even to be awake even as I tried so hard to smile at the movie. But unfortunately, I felt alone in the dark (I wanted to try to avoid a dash, but I could not resist it) while I was turning in the hope of seeing Mother Nelson and his two robot friends. Unfortunately, my friends and I had to provide comedy throughout the whole movie. So ... about the film itself. We will talk about action and effects, because this should be the only positive part of the film. The film contains evil creatures that are a cross between Xenos in aliens (even they are called Xenos), and creatures in Pitch Black. It can be accidentally turned into invisible (and I assure you it's by accident) and it is hurt by light. There are also small creatures of stonoge that are used to control people who transform them into something similar to zombies. All this is shown with outdated special effects that would be central in 1997. Action scenes are chaotic and it is impossible to track them. People shoot at random on a blue scene or an empty set of monsters that are inserted into a post. The light flashes quickly on the dark screen, making your students burn with excessive work while bad rock music flashes in the background. And these were high points. A story that revolves around a paranormal investigator (Slater) whose idea is harsh in appearance to wear a black shirt for a woman who wears a coat and does not shave for 2 days. Archaeologist (Reid) who is rather incompetent. And a government agent (Dorff) whose lines include the barking command. All three should be embarrassed by their performances (not that they have really done a good job before) and that the director should bet. Reid and Slater should be lovers in the movie. The film contains one of the most unpleasant love scenes I've ever seen on a movie between them. Then comes the plot. Silence honestly, parts that make sense are not at all interesting. The rest is at best illogical. The breakthroughs may contain the collective ego of all three stars. The film starts with a text and a voice that explains the story. This opening lasts more than a minute and the viewer already knows that it is something terrible. This introductory story is later repeated by adnausem in an unpleasant dialogue in a very clumsy and difficult way through the rest of the film. And the ending did not make one ounce of sense. Not only did it make no sense in the film world, it just made no sense. Finally, the direction of one Uve Bolla. Shame, that's all you can say. Its use of camera shake to simulate voltage. His lack of direction with the actors. Just watch Reid in scenes where she's not the focal point of the shot. Totally wasting money for special effects for bullet effects. Finally, you decide to use voice to explain something that should be painfully obvious to viewers. And while my friends and my friends enabled me to pay off every quarter, I would advise people not to pay for this movie anymore. Catch about 3 friends and share the rental costs and cancel this movie. Shame on you anything Uve Boll. Shame on you was Tara Reid. I'm ashamed of you, Christian Slater. Shame on you, Stephen Dorff. It was a shame to anyone who was connected to this movie.
