This should be my movie. Even if it was sucked, it was supposed to be right in my alley; Hell, I love the films "Congo" and "Allan Kuatermaine". I have a soft spot in my heart for funny extraterrestrial / demon / adventure movies. Let's see why I decided to watch this in the first place. 1. Horror / Sci-fi almost always intrigues me 2. I am a great fan of archeology, and this movie includes rare treasure. 3. Super-natural enemies with FKS quality. 4. Christian Slater and Dorf mostly enjoy. 5. Tara Reid is hot. So, this movie had the potential, at least in the video section with a cheese chorus, but the boy was sucking it. The only aspects of the redemption are Slater and Dorf, and they do not think they are all fun as I ... I mean, we face each other, they are both melodramatic. But now on some of the many mistakes. Tara Reid. Although the movie is on the whole, Reid's performance is really terrible. We're not just saying bad, but I'm talking about the nomination of Tara Reid for the worst results of the year. I do not know if she is capable of acting, but playing a museum curator is simply out of her league ... completely. Watching to try to wear a scroll of an educated scientist did not differ much from what you saw in poor pornography. I mean, this is not just bad, it's ridiculously bad. Oh, and for those of you curious, she does not get off, just to the bra with a stupid, completely unnecessary love scene. but the plot is what dominates, and the action is 10 years old. I did not realize it was an adaptation of video games until I watched a DVD, otherwise I would appreciate the nonsense in real time. The story leaps back and forth from Slater's childhood in an orphanage where she gets flashbacks of something terrible that has happened, of course, she has amnesia. In his adult life, Slater is recruited by some Unit 713, a paranormal military force that obviously hurts evil or something. Slater had to leave because he was too rebellious, I suppose, you never know, unless it was in one of those votes that I zoned. The film begins with Slater's hunting artifacts, gaining his latest piece after several deals with "Chilean mercenary forces specializing in the sale of rare antiques." Maybe I have the correct quote incorrect, but you get an idea. There is an evil doctor who wants to free some peculiarities on the ground (for no reason), child experiments, super demons / strangers - human hybrids, "photonic" bullets (demonic things can not stand the sunlight) and, of course, Slater and Dorf to try to save everything. Jesus, I can not even pass the cliche elements. The script needed processing to narrow the focus and provide some depth. I mean, why is this evil scientist so damn evil? Yes, people are doomed to ruin and he's just trying to save a human race. I guess he's infected? How did it happen? Yes, he has one of the evil demonic things in the cage and draws his blood to shoot himself. How did it happen? Why and where did he get super slugs (oh yeah, they use an old science-fantasy stand with parasitic aliens / demons that "merges" with the spine of their host) Of course, Slater is, like Blade, half-supercharging snails, but his bullet "He did not completely merged due to an electric shock," thank God. Oh, and people with these "merged" spines, have no idea that they are semi-aliens / demons and act as good members of the community until a secret signal comes from where they convert the killer zombies. Yes, we got zombies. So many shit that could be fun, but none of it is. Also, the ending is completely stupid, because everything turns out that it's not a big deal to fix it ... at least anything that dynamite can not withstand. It's not the worst thing you'll ever see, but a really bad movie.
