I usually start by transferring the premise of the movie, but before anyone conveys suggestions on my review, let me say that I am someone who loves most of the movies (just check my other critics). In the dark, I was directed by Uwe Boll, whose film was before House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was a movie adaptation of video games. Almost everyone hated him. Well, I liked it. I even gave her 10 out of 10! My point in presenting this (which will certainly distract the readers right away) is that if I hate Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with it. Premise: Who am I fooling? The attempt to expound the premise for this film is as simple as an attempt to balance the United States budget, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of some lost Indian tribes. The Indian tribe has apparently discovered some means of penetrating the "other world," which is evil in nature. Bad things erased them, but not before they could lock the door of the evil world and discard the key. Later, some scientist / government researcher who experimented with paranormal, and especially this tribe, decided to experiment with some children to try to produce some kind of hybrid with another world. (Believe it or not - to this point, and then something has been said in the written prologue of the film - it's just a white text that moves across a black screen with a voice that we also read). Then, there was something about the children who were in the orphanage, but the government is returning them back, then a group of people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are also great people wandering around, and a bunch of soldiers is called In fact, the exposure never it stops. It's like an endless story from hell. There is enough idea here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But none of them are presented in a coherent way to make a good movie. In addition to the mysterious lost Indian tribe and superhuman, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between Alien and the Werewolves, worms that attack your body and turn into snake-like aliens, tunnels in red colors, zombies, wars similar to the three. , evil scientists, underground lambs, gold mines, subliminal warehouses, wraps, large largely unused museums, government conspiracies, golden boxes drawn from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex plots in the background, very ambiguous romance, car quests, house invasions kitchen sinks . . . Wait, I can not remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more amazing (fun?), In Fangorii # 240, producer Shavn Villiamson is quoted saying: "We spend much more time on the story, because we are very pedantic about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a "smarter movie". Allow me not to fool anyone. Many of the above things can sound a tastefully potential audience for this movie, but the problem is that nothing has nothing to do with anything else. I usually did not know what the relationship was with any environment with any other environment, why we were there, or what somebody did (at least when every scene started). It's just a random mess of settings and clichés, as if the director of Uwe Boll had 250 unconnected ideas in his hat and pulled them out as lottery numbers. Then, when he finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut off a movie using dice, and then re-assembled it by throwing I Ching. Sometimes, the movie is played as an extended directorial tale (which is a combination of short, diverse, unrelated scenes that the directors circulate to try to get to work), but maybe it's too generous. I'm not sure Boll will get a job if that's his reel. As I tend to at least love most films, I mostly love most actors and most performances. It's very rare to say that the show was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who loves Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, it's just moving along the set as a support. Maybe they just bought a doll. That would save them money that they could use for some ghosts and vampires in the castle and at the cemetery. Perhaps they decided to move around like a beautiful piece of trees after seeing the diaries of her mummy stupid dialogue in a monotone that is usually reserved for the mother's funeral. Speaking about this dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark plays as Godzilla film without Godzille. By that I mean, it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbled-gook. At least in the Godzille movies, there is news about it, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a great deal to see how Godzilla destroys the city center and fights with a giant mosquito with radioactive beams of death that shoot from his eyes or something like that. It's hard to say what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to exaggerating and suing against their agents. I can not say that I thought someone in the movie had a decent performance, although Slater may at least see a cigar. I think it's unbelievable for me. Still, I did not give this movie one. There were competent cinemas, even if Boll and Schwadel made minced meat from him, and hard rock overtook the end credits were good. Even the prologue in the newspaper was not so bad. I thought the film promised at that moment. But this can only be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
