The definition of discouragement defined by Webster Dictioari is "a cause of disgust or disgust." If anyone can think of a more appropriate word or definition than this for Alone in the Dark, please let me know because this is the best I can think of. However, I do not feel that in any case this word describes how this film really is terrible. I went to watch this movie with two of my roommates. One has very similar tastes for me, the other is an action / adventure movie guru. This other type usually does not care about the size of the hole for the plot, as long as the film contains many explosions that will satisfy it. If it is said that we entered the theater for watching on Friday of Alone in the Dark. A little to my surprise, we were the only people in the theater. When it started, I immediately knew why. It starts with the worst scene of any movie, and unfortunately I have to admit it just worsens. The home scene is the text that is 5 minutes shifted and is being told. Still, I understand why this was told. The director must have realized that only illiterate people could understand the thought of paying to see this film. However, not only is this first scene the longest text in the history of cinema, it does not make sense either. It seems like we hear in the same series that we will completely separate movies. One is about the ancient civilization and its manipulation of the portal, the other is a crazy scientist and his experiments on orphans. If you are reading this and confused, you are not alone. Then start a terrible story, acting, effects and working with cameras. Tara Reid is terrible as an actress. She does nothing to even think for a second that she is a museum curator. Slater is just bad, not convincing, and he does not have chemistry with Reid. The plot is probably the worst thing that a man has ever created. I am all the time and a roommate with similar tastes ask questions like: What is this? And what's happening? In addition to this scraping of garbage, we have several narrative sequences from Slater itself. Are they all right? NOT. Do they explain something? NOT. Do we, at any moment, have the slightest indication as to why we should worry about what will happen? Once again, NO. Then we have a random scene of sex. We are told that Slater and Reid are together, but at no time do they seem to care about another. But then BAM ... the sex scene. I do not know once again. Good, I do not know, 30 seconds after the end of this sad scene we have a shootout with 20 or more soldiers and a similar number of alien things. This is set on the heavy metal path and causes more bleeding in the brain than ever. And if that was not enough ... There is no main villain. There is a scientist and there are "alien" things. At one point, a scientist controls alien matters and stands on a hill that orders them to attack a military post. Why? How did he become the supreme commander of these things? Why listen to him? I have no idea once again. The film ends with Slater and Reid walking in an evacuated city. Why is the city evacuated? Did the alien things break through? Did the army say it? Who knows ... and who cares? I'm not, and you will not. But in the end, Slater and Reid are attacked by aliens. Although it is said that extraterrestrial things will be killed by exposure to the sunlight. And that's right, you guessed, it's the middle of the day * &% $ ing and it's as bright as it can be. Maybe it's an alien thing that bought sunglasses, I do not know and I do not care. Now that the movie is over, I ran in front of the stage, all 6 feet 6 inches from me, waving my hands and shaking my afro saying to everyone not to go see this movie. Even my roommate in action / adventure (who would think that the movie that just cut out and stuck 2 hours of explosion into one movie to be the biggest thing ever made) acknowledged that the holes on the board were very obvious in this movie. To summarize this CRAP-FEST, I give it 0.0 / 10 and I would give it lower if I could. Undoubtedly, the worst movie ever made. I would not want this film to be my worst enemy.
