True, there are many movies that are much worse than this movie. This film was not Manos: The Hands of Fate, or Troll 2 (yes, I saw them both ... twice) but at the same time this film is not Alien, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even this movie has overcome this). Such films make Battlefield Earth look like Star Wars, so it's bad. Razzie awards, your biggest contest has just arrived at the cinema. This film I'm talking about, of course, is Sam in the dark. I will try to guide you step by step to make this movie so bad. Actuality - first I will start with what might have been the best component of this film (in addition to the final credits, who acted "I Wanted to Have An Angel", acting Christian Slater must be proud of himself, he was successful proved that it is possible to behave decently in a film worse than drinking antifreeze, in order to say, I wondered why he simply did not leave the set halfway. Maybe it was because Stephen Dorff was in the movie (someone whom he wants she can, but she does not work) actress, but she looks good and that's all that really matters in movies like These are these. This does not mean that the performance was perfect, it was average, it's not good, and maybe the only thing in the movie is not good. /> The Soundtrack - Except for 'Vish I Had An Angel', the soundtrack is meaningless and bad a heavy medal pumping into the ears of viewers, you may dream a terrible story (something I'll soon come to). A long and very expensive 2 CD sound pad is now on sale for those musically challenged. Directed - Director Hollywood favorite director Uwe Ball who brought us the classic House of the Dead. Speaking to us "Yes, movies can be very bad and it's just the beginning of my deadly saga of horrible films". At least it is said that he directed Uve Ball. Without telling me that I had assumed that a monkey was abducted from the Congo, he was brought here and forced to give his opinion on how to make a film under the shock of shock. The director of the photo was probably a camcorder glued to a skateboard and pushed forward until he hit the wall. In places where the camera should remain calm, it constantly moves, not allowing us to stop anywhere and when it should move in action, the camera stops for some reason. Manufacturer - Who on Earth Is it stupid enough to put money on this bomb? I'm sorry, fool. Sometimes. Sometimes I'm glad that he learned such a lesson that he never puts money in rubbish but in fertilizer for dogs. Writing / Storiboard - trying to analyze the story is more painful then pushing the ice under a thumb and hitting the soccer ball as hard as I can with it right after that, but I will continue to try. Edward Carnbie runs away as an orphan child where 20 children go under scientific experiments. He runs and hides in an electrical outlet where he has been struck (this is the point at which it became so bad that I started to laugh out loud). Then it accelerates many years later, where the detective is paranoia. He was attacked by some zombie who can not be killed, killed him, and continued his life. Later it is attacked by some strange monster and reveals secrets no one else knows. Yes, the plot is bad, really very bad. The film was expected to read about 10 minutes, which seemed like 100, a random text about an untrue civilization called Abskani. The film does not cease to turn one after the other, more than the audience can endure, more than the audience wants to process, more than the audience can ever worry about. This story is bad at the bottom that even Double Dragon works better. I gave him 1 out of 10, but that's because he does not have 0.
