Snezana, who just came to Lokarno, where I had the opportunity to see her, of course relates to the world famous fairy tale. And this also applies to coke. In the end, the real part of the snow in the Swiss Alps also plays its part. So all three aspects of the title are processed in this film. There are plenty of drugs on the scene, and there is a pale, dark-haired girl - with a prince who has to go through all kinds of troubles to get to her rescue. But: no fairy tale. It should be a real drama that is located in Zurich, Switzerland (according to Tagline). Technically, the film is near perfection. Unfortunately, poor plots, predictable dialogues, mostly unreal landscapes and mixed acting do not comprise the creation of authenticity. So I remained intact as a spectator. And there were also clichés, who were cursing me one by one: Snow White is a rich and spoiled daughter of a higher class - of course, her parents were divorced and she never had enough love from them, because were constantly occupied. Her best girl, on the other hand, has loving and caring parents. They (a worker of steel and housewives) live in a small apartment, poor and happy - and they do not know about the desperate situation in which their daughter is. A good guy (= prince) is a musician (!) From the French speaking part of Switzerland (which is considered economically less successful but emotionally richer part of the country). He has problems with his parents. They are migrants from Spain who seem not to accept his wild lifestyle - until his father becomes seriously ill and admits great admiration for his son from the hospital bed. And so goes. On: Of course, the drug dealer is brutal, the bankers are soulless, the club owner is a plaiboi and a photographer, although a woman (!) has only her career in mind when she exhibits Snezana in art pornographic paintings. This review does not require a spoiler to allow you to add these parts to an obvious plot. As I like other Samir films, for example, "Forget Baghdad," I was pretty disappointed. Let's hope for the next one.
