This film only proves that there is no worthwhile look at any film made in Hollywood days. Just because you have a great ensemble does not mean that this can overcome the script that chimpanzee probably wrote! Think about it - Richard Vidmar, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boier, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stevart were still in the film, but it was a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more fucked up by patients! Likewise, a sublot that included an overburdened husband and wife (Vidmark and Graham) had plenty of promise. However, the scenario was dealt with all the fine and skillful drunken bison - with a warlike and exaggerated way of filming top-class scenes in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of "General Hospital". Suptilan, this film is not! Really, this film is not! While the biggest reason this film was devastated, it was a horrible scenario, but also a blame for producers and for misinterpreting and misusing veterans. For example, Paul Stevart may not host, but this actor had an extraordinary talent - especially when he played gangsters in the film Noir Movie. Nevertheless, Stevart was cast as a very inconsiderate psychiatrist with some bizarre European accent - he simply did not function because it was beyond his range of acting, and his character was completely underdeveloped and one-dimensional. Also, Charles Boyer looked hopelessly and completely out of place. Watching this fine romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America just seemed bizarre. All in all, this is a pretty horrible movie. It's very convenient to watch in some way, but it's certainly not very nice. My wife and I did not like much film, but we also thought it was very good that writing was competent. PS - In the case of art that imitates life, Oscar Levant has played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant spent most of his life in mental institutions and beyond.
