First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to see with the Dutch folklore story about a ghost ship, also called SUMMER DUTCHMAN. In this movie you will not see a single boat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything more distant. It's not a story of a ghost ship, and I would love to have him informed in the main attachments or I would not watch it because I really thought it was a legend movie. It seems that many people think that the film is related to the legend of a ghost ship, since the film is listed on the Wikipedia page for the "Flying Dutchman" legend ... I do not understand why. Maybe it's based on a legend called "Rutting Jew"? Or perhaps they adjusted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins in a combat order that will give everyone the hope that the film will have battles. Unfortunately, this is the only fighting scene of the film. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in the City of Lost Children) about two seconds, and that would give everyone the hope that the movie will have a good acting. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the film. The same can be said for Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian actors ever, and who is condemned here to embody a crazy birdwatcher without a story in the background, whose only purpose is to look like a "wise man". Movie. And the boy, whether the film needs wisdom! It seems that every other character of the story enjoys swimming in the feces, spinning, torture of others (in the feces), blasphemous (in the feces) or laying in the feces just for entertainment. It seems so fun that every character of the story gets his turn to be thrown into the faeces at some point. Coming from the Dutch director, you can think that extreme dirt and shocking real dirt are necessary items in a piece from the period, elements that have contributed to the film of Dutch filmmaker Paula Verheven, "Flesh + Blood", to be such a good movie. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" would give everyone the hope that a film similar to dirty and visually straightforward would be good. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood," there is no dramatic progression, no fights, no good behavior, and simply, there is no "Meat and Blood". Photography is opening, appealing and appealing. And this stops very early in the movie. Music, by Nicole Piovanni ("La vita e bella" fame) is repetitive and boring, when it is not irrelevant (sometimes it implies that there is a size in a row, while the actors sprinkle in liquid manure). During the first "act" of the movie, which lasts only an hour (!), The film takes place within the same perimeter, which is around the farm in which the main characters live. The characters play a lot with ejection, they are drowning in it, they play in it. A long period of time passes through numerous ellipses so that the main character, a young boy who loves to play in the feces, grow old and play a bit in the feces. A man with birds has many tales in Italian. Spanish conquistadores speak French. Nothing makes any sense. Everything is confused and lasts for hours. Then, there is another act called "Ship", in which we see what could have been a ship long ago, but which is now the rest of the ship (covered with excrement I mentioned?). The main character, while a bit farther away from the farm, accidentally encounters him and decides it's really cool so we live in it. The horde who lived there before, tries to kill him, but he does not mind it, because (did I mention?) It's not very clear. He thinks the ship can move and hopes to sail on it until a number of concavistors appear (at least they looked like concavisters for the Don Quixote style hat, but as I said it was confused about who was) the prisoners , together with a retarded hunchback, and burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really difficult for the viewer, because it consists only of even more fissures with the still backward medieval peasants who fight in it, takes place in a crazy home. More torture and drowning each other with ejection. She is even more concerned about the director, who definitely gave up on her job, or moved to another assistant camera on the crew to do the rest of the job. In the end, many mentally challenged new "friends" made by the Dutchman died. The woman with whom he had sex that was his brother's wife initially tries to meet him with his son. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends after two hours of worthless paintings and catastrophic performances and technical performances. Then the credits turn, and the viewer is infinitely free from watching terrible filmless films that turn out to be something exciting like legendary fantasy films, while they are nothing more than a mere catalog how full of feces that some movies can get they do not have enough financial they can put battles or even horses instead.
