There are a few previous comments about the plethora of clichés in this movie - and I completely agree, both in terms of character and dialogue. I read about the terrible Elizabeth Berkeley. performance in the equally terrible "Shovgirls" I have never seen - and her performance here, although not terrible, is barely in line with the standards of the worst of life in life. There was no indication of the depth of her character, but then it probably should not have been. If so, then the film would put the film completely out of balance, as there was no indication of depth or charisma - no trace - in any character, artist or display. The director led Lisa an initial complaint after kissing her tutored in the hallway. The original reaction and advice of her husband (Forrest Gump, attacking Jennifer's boy in his car gave him a more realistic, more intelligent action, and, hell, he was mentally challenged). (sorry for surplus), the father of a lying student in his performance really did something that deserved praise: at the same time, he was ridiculous and completely boring, without any significant undertaking. Her lawyer was more an insensitive nerd, also unknown in the profession. Finally (and frankly, I rather enjoyed this part of it), the police was such a collection of insensitive breads, that you rather depend on Barney Fife, without Andy, to deal with all law enforcement and investigations in your community. I know that most real police officers lack a lot of sharpness, intelligence, and empathy of the level shown by most characters in the "Law and Order" series, and the like - but it seems that the puppets of this level are Staple on "Lifetime." Finally, I found some kind of "stories in the story" of fascination with Josh's fiction that he was the "victim" of his teacher. This stage performance within the story was even worse than its overall performance in the main story. This was something like achievement, such as switching from "F" to "F-minus". This whole situation was to be solved - in real life - in about 15 minutes, after a real meeting. between teachers and school authorities, with his wife. But then it would disable the accompanying drama and leave one hour of empty film in the camera. But the writer (s) here proved proven by their end, they could have done even worse. When the situation was finally "resolved" and "corrected," it was achieved in all about 45 seconds without any indication of what measures could have come in any context of the "real world" for the perpetrator and his parents, or whether they he was able to find some kind of way to redemption. This is a presentation of 2 *; the other "*" because it has some mild "fascination".
