Is there something that is happening in this film that is NOT predictable? I do not think so. In essence, the movie is a cliché after clichés and really nothing surprised. The movie makes the film extremely predictable and because of this, the film seriously lacks tension. Therefore, the thriller is not tense enough and unpredictable, but also as a drama, it is a failure. This is because the film about his story is unlikely. I mean, in no way can this happen in real life, as happens in this film. So, the film has a real problem and credibility. But really they are the clichés who killed the movie. It's sometimes a hell. Everything in this film is so formal. The predator is portrayed as a cool soulless, almost psychopath like a sexually frustrated boy and victim as a naive young woman, who behaves as if she did not see any of this. Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and it seemed that everything was happening for a reason. As is the sequence in which the "predator" repairs the "broken car" of the victims. It must be one of the oldest clichés in the book. I knew what the film was trying to achieve after that moment. I tried to look like the teacher and student really grow to each other through the eyes of other people around them. It was so incredibly obvious and cheap that I almost wanted to stop watching the movie after that moment. The film is filled with such moments. The title could suggest that this is a cheap porn movie, but it's actually built for a TV movie. Which means that everything is happening slowly and the film spends its time on character development and unnecessary backgrounds to make the film even more dramatic. I admit that Elizabeth Berkeley is pretty good acting in this movie. It makes some clichés and events sometimes seem almost real. Her Hollywood career is as good as she appeared in "Shovgirls" by Paul Verheuven, so unfortunately it will probably only appear in movies and television series like this one. It is a waste of her talent and she certainly deserves better. All other characters are disappointing. Corei Sevier plays clichés of a rather 'untouchable' rich boy and the way the main character's husband is shown is even worse. It looks more like a sexually frustrated predator than a real predator of a movie. He basically tries to have sex with his wife in all ranks. He wakes up, he wants sex. Before she goes to bed, she wants sex. He comes home, wants sex. Maybe it's a real thing, but I do not know, it just was not good for a movie like this and for the story at all. It clips a completed movie and I can not think for any reason why anyone would ever watch this movie. This is foreseeable and therefore also missing in uncertainty and credibility. It's not a "horrible" movie and it's safe to watch it sometimes, but all the weak and cliché elements in the movie make it far from being recommended. 4/10
