I'm a black man living in a predominantly black city. In view of this, I have some big doubts about Tyler Perry's work. I realize that some people there feel the need to praise him, because he is trying to portray a positive image of culture. But I honestly believe that Perry Wade, this film had NAACP, Al Sharpton and Jessie Jackson all over his ass. I was forced to watch this movie full of hell from a recent and every repetition of watching makes me blood swell. The characters are poorly written and acting. Jokes are so bad, I have to say something should be funny. I'm just going to break this big pile of shit. Madea is shit. The character may have had some complaints, but it's no longer. When it seems that the only thing that seems to have typed the children and threatened adults with violence, it is less than useless. She's unnecessary. The situation with the wife who beat the fiancé was horsesh-t. If a woman is so scared of her husband's death, why would she try to escape when she is in bed? Would not it be more reasonable to leave when he was at work? In any case, the characters in this harbor were so boring and crazy that I hoped to throw it out of the balcony and that it was typed royally when it was not. A bus driver asks a woman by harassing her while she is moving. I could not believe it. I really could not believe it when she agreed to go out with him even more. But what takes up the cake is that the grown man was reduced to throwing stones at the window and leaking banknotes like a decade old by a castrated mega bitch. I do not use this term easily, but this woman had only two ways. Morose's victim and psycho-mother. Regardless of which of these two faces showed, there was one constant. The bus driver did not intend to get it. He even married himself without sampling goods - VTF! Then there is a scene of family gathering. Here we have a mother load that includes the default incest tabs, grinding for grinding, no shirt, excessively muscular, b-ball, plus great taste of Maia Angelou. When these babies dragged their asses out and called the meeting, I sinned that I wanted the oldest of them to get a heart attack. All this shit is happening at a gathering, in ridiculously easy to separate groups, then a bell rings. When they do it, they all drop what they do and switch to a serious conversation, just like Paul's dogs - VTF !! Then you have the last five minutes of the movie. In it we see that the abused brave man got a long-term victim and all the bad actress. There is an improvised wedding where black people are dressed like angels and more from the ceilings - VTF !!! The only reason to look at him as far away, apart from testing your threshold for pain, is the hope that another criminal of this story gets her hand. Guess what's not happening. Instead, Perry comes out in a testicular way and plays in a safe, finishing movie on the tone of forgiveness - VTF !! I'm pretty sure that if I had one day, I could write a doctoral dissertation on all the ways this film is shit. I do not even start with the rest of Tiler Perry's films. I'll just say this. In my opinion, as a black man, D.V. Griffith's heritage lives. The irony is that it does it through the Negro who will be praised for having made the birth of the nation, selling us down the river. I just would like Perry's movies to be the guys to throw them into the eggs. Thank you very much, buddy! What will you follow in 2009, a comedy about rape and wild beating of slaves in Colonial America?
