On the same night I watched this, I watched "Scari Movie 4," making it a messy double figure. Unfortunately, for these killers, the killers could not withstand the rebellion of laughter, which is the Scari Movie franchise. As I fought here with boredom watching jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and brutally bad, a new parody was laughing loudly. How do I want more than that. Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some kind of growth hormone has become terribly wrong and turned tomatoes into killers. But his main goal is to sneak a genre of disaster films that was so great in the day. The scenario smells like stoner humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances with your movie nights, it could be your tea. I'm sober, stuck, watching a grown man go under the cover as a tomato. And that joke, it's never funny, where there is a difference between a Japanese actor and a voice. Some laugh, I'm not. They even had Hitler's joke that was not funny, and I thought that all Hitler's jokes were ridiculous. The story of this film is so fragmented (for no good reason) that it's almost impossible to explain. . Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes occur. Their goal may have been true because their goals are the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives). It's weird that the main selling point of this movie, those rich tomatoes, do not really look much. And when they do it, take this, they play them real tomatoes. This exhausted trick did not do anything to me, because I had a very little look at the packs of tomatoes that devour the body thanks to the spell of tricks with stop cameras. There is also a fear of going to break at work here which prevents this film from being truly funny. Can somebody sleep in almost every scene, can satisfy some members of the audience, but more than likely to be seen as a call to join the party. I can also add that it seems to seem to be some antique human egoism at work here. A man eats tomatoes and it's dinner, a tomato eats a man and that's a world disaster. But that's exactly the way the world works. In the film, the product becomes evil due to genetic modification, but in the real world our products (see: Taco Bell) become evil due to neglect. Like those evil green onions, the duration of this film has long since expired. She has some good laughs. The last blow was pretty great, but it was not close enough to save this moderate bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie buried deep inside this concept, but the script was to be filtered through a dozen overruns to arrive there. And under "there" I mean the level "Scari Movie 4". ** 1/4
