In case you are a self-proficient connoisseur of cult cinema and / or poor film making, is there a certain point in life? preferably earlier than later? You have to watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". This is an inevitable certainty, because this is one of the most notorious films ever made. One small but essential detail, however, is that the "Assassination Attack" is deliberately terrible. It is from the introductory message, which bends Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds," that is obviously conceived as a parody without a budget, and I can not avoid the impression that the writer / director John De Bello did not expect his film to become such a hit. The film underlines the contemporary popular trend of the so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature generally fight against humanity) and introduces the least dangerous types of vegetables that can be imagined as invincible killing machines. A secret government-based agricultural project for the production of large and tasty tomatoes is horribly wrong, and soon reports of attacks of tomatoes from all over the country. The president gathers a team of special forces to fight against a succinct enemy, involving secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with voices called the horror. The first half hour of the "Attack of the killer tomato" is very fun. How stupid, the view of the vegetables normally shaped like jumping out of the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is pretty original and fun. The first half-hour also contains a number of memorable moments such as an attractive thematic song, Javs Hommage and the infamous unforeseen helicopter accidents (see the triviality section for more details) that came to the final cut. After that, however, everything turns into a boring, unstructured and unbearable amateur mess. The quality of the quality of the joke goes from the fresh and the inventive to the unpleasant and not so funny, and it has too many signs and backgrounds. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late 80's and early 90's (which I saw before I saw the original) because they benefit from somewhat better production values, incredibly special effects from tomatoes and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams "). Family ") as a mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as already said, the original unexplained remains a compulsory material for watching at some point in your life.
