The easiest way to describe this movie is satire. The meta satire is quite large, from the US government to corporate America. It's not even dry satire, it's pretty stupid. Think about this movie as a combination of Kentucky Fried, the Airplane and Police Squad series, made with a much smaller budget, not as funny. I see how this film is a saga of many films from the 50's and 60's of the last century. I see this film as a major influence on the Mars Attacks by Tim Burton. The operation is simple enough. Genetically designed giant tomatoes "crazy" and begin to attack people and cities. At first it was covered, and then it turned into a full war. The film covers gamma characters and features: Lois "Fairchild" (clone Lois Lane), very ambitious President's Media Secretary Clark Kent, Mason Dicon (FIA-based agent who did not work from the Bay of Pigs), a useless president (who only seems able to sign his name and attack New York), even an incompetent congress, a weak marketing director, and a Mason team consisting of a thick East German female "swimmer", a diver, a crazy parachute from the Second World War, and an African- an American masking expert (disguised in George Washington, A Braham Lincoln, Hitler and finally as tomatoes). Did I forget to mention a lot of tomatoes? There are all kinds of tomatoes, from small tomatoes, to huge plastic tomatoes, to crushed tomatoes, tomato juice and eventually to people dressed in tomatoes. Above all, you have a couple of music numbers. They are not so good and seem to be synchronized. The best melody is by far the subject of the film ("Attack of killer tomatoes"). It is too attractive and you may eventually buzz or sing in public. Be warned. Much of the movie is quite fun and shows the absurdity of various situations in real life, as well as various genres of entertainment. I do not think I was laughed at, but I mostly smiled and scratched my head. I definitely recommend this movie for lovers of B and C films, but just like renting. Celluloid rehabilitation
