Well, I could not even enjoy this film because of its cult values. This is the action film of B-film, the director of "Commanda", who is, however, too silly and stupid to consider him a good B-movie with enough fun in it. Film from the 90s, but first of all, the movie should resemble an action movie from the '80s, when this type of B-movie was at its peak. These films were always at the top and they never paid much attention to his story or acting. It was all about the blowing up of things, the great hero of the muscles and the bullets that flown around. This movie has all the ingredients in it, but I did not like to watch this movie as much as I like to watch some similar films. It's hard to say why, because story and acting are similarly bad as it would have been in any other genre of the same period. It's probably because the movie is often far too stupid. All these types of movies have their silly moments, but this movie is just filled. Fighting, Dolph Lundgren runs around without a T-shirt, characters, a story. It's just not that good, because it's often too mean for words. The story from time to time did not even try to make a little sense and what is even the main feature in the movie? His story is everywhere and it seems to have been written only to create a film from combat sequences, weapons fighting, and the like. And those sequences are not very good to watch. Tracks are too short and quite disappointing to see, from the man who brought us "Commando". It is primarily Dolph Lundgren, in which he plays a great action hero of a shot with a seemingly relative ease, knows how to handle weapons and other weapons and, of course, gets the girl she plays Tia Carrere. All of this leads us to one of the worst montage sequences in the history of action movie and certainly one of the worst sexual sequences I've seen in any movie. Both are too poor for words and they are only very poorly composed. None of the characters fails just like that. Good guys are cops, but they seem to never act like one. They simply kill around without being accountable to anyone, and they are not very interested in any arrests, nor do they inform anyone about their findings. Even when they find out that the big Japanese criminal syndicate is trying to take the streets of L. and the brewery works as a cover for the drug factory and smuggling of large-scale drugs. And just for a moment, think about what Brandon Lee's overall purpose in the movie is? The film could easily have been done without him and the girl. Too stupid, crappy and simplified and simply not fun enough. 4/10
