*** Warning - this review contains "parcel spoilers", although nothing can "ruin" this movie more than it already is. It's really bad. *** Before I start, I would like everyone to know that this is definitely one of those films that are incredibly bad-that-you-fall-laugh. If you're in the mood and need a cordial laugh, this is a movie for you. Now without further delay, my review: This film was found in a cheap bin in Val-Mart. It should be the first clue about how good a movie is. Secondly, she is an actress with the stupid action star Dolph Lundgren. It should be another clue about how good a movie is. I'm still shocked what is even put on a DVD (which would spend my money doing something like that?), Although, as you can imagine, there are no supplements or bonus videos on the DVD. In fact, there is not even me; the movie just begins to play. First, the writer for this film deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and is struggling with terrible liners; incredible, false dialogue; and inadequate comments (such as Lee's comment on Lundgren, err.Manhood, which I will mention later). There is not a single line of sound in the whole movie. Dialogue and action go hand in hand, as a scenario, and complicate both progress in a completely meaningless way. Two policemen hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then again for no apparent reason, Lee's character is pulled to the side of the road, running around to the other side of the car and saying, "I'm not going to let you go alone, because in spite of myself I love you, and I do not want to see you being killed, or something like that, in any case, there are disgusting liners, Lee says, for example, when you pull him out with a bad guy, Lee says, 'You have the right to be silent. You have the right to be dead! In the end, I am referring to the completely inappropriate and senseless comment that Lee says about Lundgren's lower regions When bad guys start attacking a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrera, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him, "We're dying, I just wanted to tell you that you have the biggest Dick which I've ever seen on a guy. . Yes, he actually says it. It makes no sense and it's not even possible (Lee never saw Lundgren naked, so how would he know that?), But the writer threw him into the script anyway. The whole movie looks like some sort of action video game, and Lee acknowledges it. After Lee and Lundgren just defeated all those bad guys, Lee gives a comment that is really nice: "This is like a video game, we just won the first wave!" Second, the plot of this movie is a disdain.In my opinion, it suffers from the fact that it simply does not exist.The trailer for this movie - which IMDb has available for watching - sounds like a movie about two policemen trying to stop the Japanese yakuza from taking over the Lost Angeles. , this is extremely wrong, because the film has nothing to do with it. They give very short, vague references Iakuzi is trying to get a job with methamphetamines with local drug dealers, but the entire movie is actually about a badly written attempt to deny Kenner (Lundgren's character) the death of his parents, whom Ioshida was killed when he was only 9 years old The whole action can be summarized as follows: Ioshida wants Kenner to die, Kenner wants Ishida to die, and two try to kill him. And of course, as long as Kenner's sarcastic assistant (called Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) behaves like ignorant, and Tia Carrere post is naked. Twice. The acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and their completely dishonest display emphasizes this even more. You would expect a bad action from the action stars anyway, but this film highlights some of the most incredibly bad performances ever recorded. Finally we arrive at the heart of film susceptibility: flagrantly bad actions. There are so many stunningly bad, unreal action sequences in this movie, it's just impressive that they managed to fit them all. Although Lee has a lot of bad scenes, most of the truly horrible actions include Lundgren. For example, Lundgren nonchalantly takes four or five kung fu bad guys with one hand, without spilling tea. Then, when he is surprised by the upcoming car, Lundgren does not necessarily cross over. Or when he comes through a closed door, grab a villain on the other side, pull him back through the door and beat him? Or when picking up Tie Carrera, he slowly walks (does not run) back through the glass door that breaks around him, and jumps to the heights of one floor, while Tia is still in his hand, only to raise the entire car without the least effort. and uses it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All shameful fights are also terrible, Lundgren and Lee are killing each bad guy right now, while the rain bullets from their fifty attackers never hit any of them. This is, of course, the final scene of the film's struggle. Lundgren was killed in naked chests in a region that, even if he managed to miss his heart, still immediately began to fill his lungs with blood and kill him in a matter of seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in top condition and is able to pull out in the middle of a parade with Ishida, a fake super criminal. And, of course, passers-by in parade dressed as samurai carry REAL, completely sharpened katana, which the two use for the fight with the sword. In addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren gets a few deep cracks in his chest and arms. Does it stop him? Of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after he easily killed the evil Ioshidu (who was stabbed in a dartlike-like wheel and then fired into flames for no reason), Lundgren leaned off Tiju and Lee as if he was not injured at all. God, that's terrible. All of these factors are blended with a totally unnecessary, free naked scene every five minutes, including women in toples at a party, separating a woman's head in toples, women at a strip club, naked women in a Japanese spa, and a senseless hot tub and a love scene with Tie. Not to mention the road to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese eat ears from naked women. Which, by the way, encourages Lee to say with a lot of false enthusiasm that, after losing bad guys, he and Lundgren "will go to eat fish from those naked chickens!" What, of course, is followed by an upsetting high five. And we can not even forget about a terrible assembly, as when the villains ruined a man trapped in a car in the yard, and the editors left an obvious failure. Credits also provide a huge list of stuntmen, which implies that film stars have not done much. In the end, this movie outperforms movie bad badness. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result, extremely fun. If you are looking for any kind of imaginary movie, this movie will make you die. If you are looking for good laughter and good time in poor film making, this movie will delight you. As a real movie, I will get this film 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
