I comment on this miniseries from the perspective of someone who first read the novel. And from this perspective, I can honestly say that while I'm enjoying, I see why that has not been lately. More specifically, this mini has some serious problems, such as: 1) It's terribly wrong. The actors who played the younger generation were 15 to 20 years older than the characters. But McGrav (45 at that time) was playing Natalie Jastrov, which was supposed to be around 26. Jan-Michael Vincent (39 at that time) was playing Biron Henry, who was supposed to be around 22. The other Henry kids, and Pamela Tudsburi, acted actors are too old for the characters who were supposed to be in their twenties. 2) Some of the actors were absolutely horrible. But McGrav sometimes almost made this mini invisible. I've seen more convincing performances in high schools. 3) The director was bad. To be fair to Ali McGrew, bad acting and character development were probably directors. The image of Hitler was exaggerated. His character looked and behaved more like a caricature negativac than the charismatic, sometimes charming, but always devil-like genius Herman Vouk painted as a novel. Some of the other characters were made so stereotypically (Berel Jastrov) that they did not get the depth of character that Vouk created for them. 4) This mini is very dated. Hockey music, pretentious narration (it sounded like a junior high school story about the history of the film), and the entire Sapphire Olympic film about top-notch, made it sometimes comical. Also, too often Biron and Natalie are costumed and fictitious so they look like they were in 1979 and not 1939. Someone who sees this with no advantage reading the novel will most likely not go through it all because it will appear more like the late 70s / early 80s to "take too seriously" the drama of soap operas in a hitting term, not a television version of what is certainly a modern American classic. Remake of older films and the like are sometimes badly performed, but this is probably one of the cases where a creative and inspired director can make a very startling, unforgettable and critically acknowledged production. I never see it happening because the remake should have been as long as possible (15 hours) or longer to do it properly, and given the short range of attention of most current US audiences, it would not fly.
