A strange sound that can be heard when you look at this disgusting version of Jules Verne's classic "Road to the Center of Earth" Verne is turning into a grave. The only thing about this 80-minute opus that has anything to do with "Travel to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this brilliant production is new and not worth watching. Actually, the director wrote here on IMDb.COM that he directed only eight minutes of "Travel to the Center of the Earth", and the studio continued the part of the "Dollman" by Alberto Pioun in his "Alien from LA". with Kathy Irish. Apparently, the producers were running out of money and in order to meet their contractual obligations abroad, they transferred Piun's sequel to director Rusta Lemorande's film. Please, do not rent or buy this poor piece of garbage. Unlike director Henry Levin's "Travel to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorand's "Travel to the Earth Center" takes place in modern times in Hawaii. Two guys, a British (Paul Carafotes from "Blind Date") and his comedian obsessed by Brother Brian (Ilan Mitchell-Smith from "Veird Science") are coming out to explore the cave. The heroine Cristina (Nicola Covper from "Undervorld") works for a home office called "Nannies R Us." Being a Nanny is a Blood She is a lifelong dreamer, but she made fewer than all her five nannies, but her cute supervisor, Ms. Ferri (Linda Marshall from Africa Express), sends her to Hawaii. Kristin's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley from "Doomsdai"), who is planning a final concert to revive her career, has a dog named Bernard. "Foul wants Cristina to take Bernard to a spa." Cristina is waiting for her cab taxis to arrive when a mischievous motel boy accidentally puts up a basket that hides Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in the basket because the management at the motel strictly forbids pets in their premises. Foul dressed the dog as a human baby. In any case, Cristina catches a cab and tells the driver to follow Richard. After catching them to bring the dog, the taxi driver leaves and leaves her. Cristina asks Richard to take her back to town, but she has other plans. Unfortunately, Cristina joins the boys and they lose, and then they find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis are constantly informing their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroines are randomly found on Atlantis. Atlantis resembles a disco, and everyone looks like they are punk rock operas. The Ruler of Atlantis, General Rick (Janet Du Plessis of Operation Hit Squad), organizes an attack on the surface of clones of the first person, Vande Saknussemm (Kathi Ireland "Necessary Roughness") to visit Atlantis. Predictably, the general masters of Rick rule in Atlantis and overthrow the Earth, and our heroes and heroes save the day. "The journey to the center of the earth" is a horror. It seems that the film is a comedy in spite of its superficial satire of dictatorships. Albert Pjun is one of my favorite directors for small budgets, but he ruined this light pile of science fiction science.
