A trip to the Earth Center is a story about some tourists in Hawaii, three of them, and one of them is a young British nanny who keeps the dog. When brothers and sisters accidentally ride in their jeep with a dog's biscuit basket, the nanny follows them (maybe it's only safer to buy more) all the way to the cave that the brothers and sisters intended to explore (I suppose). For some reason, they actually go into the cave and then, when the place starts to descend, they try to get out without success, except for a six-year-old sister to whom they say they go for help. In the meantime, the more they move in the cave, they continue to move further and further toward the earth's cavity. And here, there is the city of Atlantis and its bizarre alien residents living under the oppressive rule of an alien who does not want to ask many questions about the outside worlds. I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film director's director, commented on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of this film is actually the sequel to Alien in LA. it was an incredibly cheap movie that I ranked just slightly higher than the Citi Limits (1988 sci-fi movie made in a non-existent budget), because in the end it ends this horrible piece of most incoherent creation of a film that reduces the corners it can be directed to some humor and fun in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is in an alien world in the center of the Earth. I also give him a grade of two stars, not one because it was sometimes ridiculous, even if only in his subtlety. For example, aliens ask the British girl if she is an alien and explains that the Ministry should send her a work visa soon. Or when an alien girl finds Brian and explains that she is in the city of Altantis and that she is mistaken for Atlantic Citi, Nev Jersey. Such little things make idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable. Imagine how the movie could be great if they had 1) who actually had the intention to make it, and 2) actually had the money to do it. I like how in the end nobody asks what happened to a little sister who was initially sent to get help. I would just wander through the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the volcanic eruption.
