This movie actually manages to be a foolish enjoyment for 2/3 times. Unfortunately, the movie becomes too 'confused'. Although I know that some of the plot's actions are standard for movies 'policeman policeman', I have attracted characters who are brilliantly resisting each other, but in the end, the film rely too heavily on chase sequences as a crutches and I lost interest. /> Film makers have done a great job that the characters themselves are doing their own things, and we had to see who they were and identify themselves with both policemen early. We made our own thinking, instead of making us watch them through constant quarrels. In the end, too much is happening and this greatly diminishes what could have been a pleasure in escapism. . Here's what Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) is about at the end of the movie: 1. His real estate deals with 2. His affair with radio-clairvoyant 3. He is investigated by internal affairs 4. Investigation of the killings [br / > If you add to Kasey's concern, you love to be an actor and avenge his father's death. Now some of these things agree and even agree, but all the elements of the plot are gathering in the midst of this fake hook, which is so long and pathetic that I hardly have time to break my crowd and give a shit about what has just happened. Impressive scriptural acrobatics can not overcome bad filming. As if the ridiculous pursuit was not bad enough, the one that had four separate sections and could last for almost half an hour was not bad enough. , Joe Gavilan called his real estate business while he was driving the perpetrator with a pistol. All these extra-curricular lines and jokes make me absolutely absurd whether a criminal is caught or not. We have already forgotten or are no longer worried about the plan of murder at this time, because more planes and sweets from hunting crates have been belittled out of every cognition. While I could talk about hawks and destroy the decent story, I will not. It could have been a very pleasing movie for the formula, but it became too big for his british and turned into a waste of time. Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett really worked pretty well, and the small appearance of Gladys Knight is worth mentioning. Unfortunately, none of the actors can help this hopelessly wrong movie to be forgotten. Although it will probably be better than those like "Hulk" and "Lara Croft II" who still do not make this movie well. Once I heard that Harrison Ford claimed to make only films that he thought would make money, but I'm not sure whether that's true or not. What's true is that if you do not need a great movie or a great actor to get a great boxing, this movie does not even have its main role. My advice to Harrison Ford would be: to stick to Indian Jones, because at least you can still run.
