Josh Hartnett's dead eyes, fat letters and Harrison Ford are comedian cop-policemen! Here are three reasons to hate him, avoid and take advantage of 116 minutes of your life. Movies of friend-cops are fun. However, their true golden age was restored in the eighties and nineties. Making the one who tries to combine action and comedy through the Hollywood police is a good idea, but the end result has proved to be a subjunctive token, but the reason to ask God to be pessimistic on all the past films of the same type, while the worst of them is certainly was greater than (Hollywood killings). What really happened to this fun formula ?! Things have not been the same over a decade. You would have a foolish action that is stubborn for another. I will delight you with some titles that will capture the catastrophe well: (I Spi - 2002), (National Securiti - 2003), (Taki - 2004), (Starski & Hutch - 2004), and the worst of them yet (Miami Vice - 2006) ! I believe that one of the reasons is a natural saturation case after many similar film and television shows for two decades. Add to that, especially here, careless deal and boring humor. In fact, this time is totally unbearable. Yes, we have the characters of 2 loyal policemen who have another job, and the background of the sinister city, but what was new ?! It's not about clichés; It's about a couple of reconstructions mixed with cliches, where both are badly made. Acting, especially from the side (Hartnett), is terrible. This guy is all but a comedian (or an actor!). So his character wanted to be avenged on his father's death! Revenge yourself, he probably died from watching your acting! Even small roles have people who have nothing to do with comedy (or it somehow seemed to be here). The director does not manage to present something that is comical or sharp, some parts have managed to be highly annoying (arresting a blacksmith through a lack?); It's rare to be boring in what should be action / comedy! They did not use Hollivood alone, be it an ironic place where the ugly face is behind a superficial charm, or even as a place with lots of shining or falling stars (cameos that could have given him some interesting moments). It's a very simple movie that is transmitted only to the glamor of its stars, and as a Buddi-policeman film that ends up as one of the worst cases of 2 stars with non-chemistry on the screen (one of them does not have chemistry with the screen itself, God, does not make me, or my children, live enough to testify (Hollywood Homicide? Part 2)! Finally, look at Harrison Ford's performance, he wanted to do well, but at least we did not.
