Lame movie. It's totally uninteresting. There is no chemistry between Indiana Jones and the Black Havk Dovna guy. The car hunt scene continues on and on and on the ad museums. They are able to switch vehicles several times, but always end up on the tail of the villains. The scene in which Hartnett seized a family car with children crying in the back was just as stupid as it could have been. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how it is right to die, which I think the writers thought was funny or even funny. He simply turned out to be moronic, completely incredible and even cruel. Some substations are not even researched, they are only used as fillers. Why does Hartnett get sick from dead bodies, but still orders hamburgers at places of crime? Why, and on what basis, is a bad head of internal control suddenly arrested by the boss? Why can the IA pick up the cops and then just let them answer their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics, and then just let them go away from here without a single blow on the wrist? For some reason, even though Ford was discovered as a cheat and cheat when acting as a real estate broker, (he reimburses prices when he tries to sell a homeowner's home to raise his own commission), they are constantly returning to him. Anyway! They knew both of them were lying! Yet, there were conditions that both of them said they would never go. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of those films with police officers, where they are only shooting frenziedly on public streets without any concern in the world for innocent passers-by. They were there, just standing on the sidewalk that flew away as the people skidded. It's amazing that they did not hit any one person after they fired at 60 rounds .... The script was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the action was just a bottle of very pathetic attempts to have the root for Ford and Hartnett. It's unsuccessful. And Ford's phone! Get the damn thing! How many times could it ring in a two-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustratingly aggravating in the middle of the film! Every 30 seconds, that stupid melody would play! And if it was not Ford, then Hartnett was ringing! It was incredibly bored! Totally wasting time, Ford's worst film of 6 days 7 nights, which was without a doubt the lowest point of his reputable career.
