Well, this film really made me so strong that I applied for an IMDb account just to warn people. Obviously it's AVFUL !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are too many sub-folders to start. The character of Josh Hartnetta is an ambitious actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to live far beyond his ability and only teaches yoga to hot girls (Some of them are waiting in bachelor's room when he returns from work). Add to this the fact that his dad was killed by a broken policeman who is precisely accidental in the current crime investigation by the unfortunate duo. Harrison Ford's Harrison Ford is trying to sell his property from the side and sleep with his former spy interior investigator who is launching a psychological radio show that Ford's character calls from time to time. I can not remember the names of the characters (it's so forgetful) and I'll call them Ford and Hartnett. Then there is a dialogue which is brutal. I mean things that cause tears. Throw in every cliché in a book (having a heart in the heart of a dark bar during the day over a drink where the bartender knows his name; the duo investigates the internal affairs (why?); The hartnett faces the dad's killer), and you have a hellish mess. As I mentioned, the plot is pointless and there is no continuity: 1) When Ford's car is returned, how the hell do repo guys know where to park? Did they follow him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it turns out that the only trace from the crime scene (earring) is replicated on the burned bodies there (it was lucky!) 3) When two were arrested and taken away - Ford continues to answer the phone and Hartnett "center" with yoga pose on the table. Instead of picking up a phone from Ford, the guy from the IA is waiting to ring him every time and then try to grab him from the table before Ford makes it. In the meantime, a female Internal Medicine Officer with Hartnett rubs on him. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) During a car ride, the Hartnet car breaks down and breaks down on Hollywood, but then suddenly the car becomes perfect again. Not scratching! 5) When Ford drives a bad guy into the building and he enters the elevator, how the hell knows where the floor is bad guy? 6) When both of them are chasing a villain in a Harten car, Ford is trying to get a job with the real estate. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most incredible record ever. His motivation for killing an ambitious group of rappers on his label? He could leave his label, and this is a warning that other groups should be loyal. But wait, how will he ever sign a new one with that business plan? 8) Why was eventually arrested the IA type that explores Ford? No explanation !! 9) And Hartnett will use his "acting" to eventually catch a villain. I could go further, I really could. Anyone who looks deeper into this film than a comedy in action needs to examine his head because that's all it is. Nothing else for that! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just bullshit.
