Literally, every aspect of this science-fiction low-budget film falls into categories that are classified for its predecessors, contemporaries and those that follow. Bad special effects, bad stories, funny amounts of blood and bloody, boring and meaningless characters, everything you can expect. "The Sabretooth Attack" is about a new resort owned by the genetic engineer Smilodon cat for attraction. Cats are running away and starting to kill people, the guy who runs the show wants to save them and not warn visitors who do not suspect it, and there are also a group of visitors and some employees who are fighting and planning to kill cats. Special effects, the film is about average achievement with regard to its budget. Sabotors are being represented through the poor CGI. It is astounding, however, that cats look more realistic in a detailed video that is closer, rather than in longer, distant shots where the CGI is better hidden. Their attacks are blatantly bloody and untrustworthy. As you would expect, they attack, tear hands and feet and leave very little behind. This is one of the reasons why the film goes down to a poor school. The action and characters are equally terrible. We have some students who come to the island and plan a hunt for a scavenger. And that very seriously. Even if it collapses into private property, it interferes with security systems, and steals. Why do they take a simple game so seriously? Have I missed something? Was there any money? Or are they sent to do it? I do not know, I could barely follow the film. But they seemed to me to do it just for fun. Nevertheless, they went too far for the norm. "Sabretooth Attack" is a very bad movie. Even for a low-budget sci-fi movie, it's a very bad and cheap example. A greater number of viewers will be subject to tears, maybe it will be appealing to some, and will make you laugh and laugh all the way. And keep in mind, this is not a comedy, this is a cheap horor movie, so it does not need to be comical.
