The three giant tigers (created in a mitochondrial DNA laboratory, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) were accidentally released through a series of events (such as a virus introduced by a computer geek to unlock security measures that keep store stores the complex is closed during construction and the guard leaves the door open while searching for a side missing in a pornographic magic that flew into the breeze) and endangering the lives of those with whom it comes into contact. Tigers are always hungry, but they are not able to digest what they eat. So the tigers just split their prey into pieces. Victims include a group of children from college (.. stereotypes include goth girl, jock and tech nerd), security personnel, and those somewhat developed rich undercoats that we can easily despise and wish for a terrible death. Circling a series of bad sci-fi channels, Attack of the Sabretooth has some of the worst computer simulated animals I've ever seen. And, the final death sequence is so infuriated that you will require in your deepest recesses your time spent on this really terrible exercise in the canon of the character of the creature. It has a good dark humor that comes from the heads that are taken out of the neck, but even here the prosthetic work is inconclusive. Prosthetic parts of the body and blood forms that have been damaged by the victims, cry for help and do not receive anything. I start to sound like a broken record, repeating myself in every user's comment I write for these sci-fi channels. I think it may be time to move to other types of film. Robert Carradine has the role of a ruthless businessman who is attracted by his genuinely repulsive former chicken, Nicholas Bell, the one who opens Primal Park, a resort / zoo with genetically-created tigers as the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still quite delicious, is a security officer trying to persuade Bella to get investors she hopes to invest in her multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Vimmer is a Haiduck lover and his role is a mechanic who maintains operations smoothly. Bell's fate at the end, which is the result of a toothed teatage from the tiger sabotage statue, is a pit. Carradine spends a large part of the film that ruffles the bells, his enemies. The tiger's eyes show people in a light color as they move toward them. The film is ultimately made up of characters walking through darkened corridors (.. the technical nerd virus has cut off power) worried about its safety. Kids from college begin to break and enter to record certain items that are needed (that is, the type of trash hunting activity) to enter the brotherhood / sisterhood. Actors who play these kids do not rise above their clichés.
