The film starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell) who welcomes investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that mutates the original animal using fossilized DNA, such as the Jurassic Park, and some scientists have resurfaced one of the most terrible nature predators, the Sabretooth tiger or Smilodon. However, scientific ambition becomes deadly, and when the fence under high voltage opens, the escape of the creature and begins to slaughter wildly its prey - human visitors, tourists and scientists. a bunch of large prehistoric animals that are more lethal and larger. In addition, the security agent (Staci Haiduk) and her companion (Brian Vimmer) struggle hard against the smilodon. The Sabretoothers themselves, of course, make stars and astounding scary, though not convincing. Wild animals are savagely chasing their prey, and the group faces and fights against the most horrible predators of one nature. In addition, the third Sabretooth is more dangerous and slower than the victims. The film brings goods with plenty of blood and ups like cutting off the head, trembling, full of fear when Sabretooth appears with central special effects. The story provides exciting and exciting entertainment, but the result is pretty boring. Gigantic animals are mostly made by a computer generator and look totally bad. Average performance even though players react appropriately to become food. running, tying and jumping or hanging over the walls. And it's a funny ending deadly scene. Not for small children realistic, bloody and violent attacks. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: retSabretooth (2002) James James R Hickok with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhis Davies and much better .00010.000 BC (2006) Rol Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments was poorly directed by George Miller and without originality as it takes too many elements from the previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (tidal waves, a trip to the center of the earth and many others) and occasionally for cinema (Man from the River Sneg, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Score: Below the average, the bottom of the barrel.
