What I gave by this score 3 is NOT what I would give to the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that the American (studio specializing in ultra-low budget in the sixties) bought this film and completely destroyed it - cutting two hours plus a movie in a 64-minute movie! In addition, a large part of these 64 minutes was a new material (such as "monsters") - so you know that this movie almost does not resemble the original. The original movie seems to be a fairly drama about the Soviet conquest of the universe - although I'm really not sure what the original one was! For a review of the original movie, read Steven Niland's review - it was very useful. By the way, this was the third Soviet sci-fi movie I saw American-International bought and then hacked except to make a "new" movie - a standard practice for a company that was ready to put almost everything on the screen to earn money - provided, of course, it did not cost much more than the dollar First place !! This American film referred to two rival world powers (NOT THE US and the Soviets) trying to be the first on Mars. Happy "bad guys" are trying, but they fail, and "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on Mars month where they see some monsters (added by American-International) who are REAAAALNO cheeses and one has a similarity with a certain part of female anatomy. Then, they are saved - they return to the Earthly Heroes. The conclusion is that the film is slaughtered - transforming an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for now) into a class-C film. That's why the Soviets really had reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that A-I's horrible job with this movie did not convince you to refuse to sell more movies to these jerks! It's worth a look at laughter, but the really bad moments for which you laugh is a bit and far. So, the movie is unsuccessful - it's not bad enough to have to see it for bad movie lovers, and that it's too stupid to take it seriously. I really would like to watch this movie in its original form - it must have been a picture.
