The monster is twisting a twisted film about the evil American concrete factory (is it still in Hollywood?) Which pollutes the waters of the little Colombian city of Chimaio, somehow creating a magical resemblance with loyalty to lambs and free women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, a man sent to Chimaio by his nasty chief Barnes, who can not take his hands off his secretary's butt to reach the bottom of the story. While in Chimaio Bill she has to face a boring reporter who obviously conveys all her stories in perfect English directly to America. I suppose that in the 1970s there was a news market from small South American cities. There is also a radical Sanchez, who wants to sabotage a water pollution factory that supplies the town to jobs for the local population, but why the cold-blooded economy would find itself on the path of sensitive enviro-Marxism. Pete, the head of the factory, unconsciously helps the monster when he intercourse with his ex-girlfriend on the beach tells her to see the daughter of mayor Juanita and that she is finished between them, and then she immediately eats that night. A little side-by-side action without evidence. My hat is on you, sir. John Carradine rounds actors as a priest who believes that God sent a monster to punish sinners. You can see the disdain for who is in this film on his face. Maybe he recorded it running on a local currency to see if his check did not bounce. Allegedly on the true story, so much to say twice in the introductory attachment, this film. It's terrible on all fronts. The recording began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on the throat of Monster, adding his two boring children as new characters, even putting his daughter Andrea into a top-of-the-line account with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is non-existent and most of the scenes seem to have been exposed to a tar through the camera before shooting. This is even more tedious during many scenes that are performed at night. The monster is just funny as it raises its ugly rubber head for an anti-climactic ending. James Mitchum, along with his brother Chris, is proof that nepotism in the active industry must be limited. A completely invisible shit. I was ashamed of you to John Carradine.
