Although not really offensive, the 1967 version of the "Parisian Danger" is certainly moronic. The title could have told you to pay homage to Pearl Vhite (the original Pauline in the series of the 19th silent episode of 1914), but Betty Hutton's version of the 1947 version would better serve you. This 1967 version is a combination of "Casino Roiale" and the weakest Elvis film. Worst of all, it's not a mixture of these, but rather as if someone has joined segments from each of them, so the thing skips back and forth between the two styles. What unity exists in production comes from the pairing of Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman), which is a good combination because both do not have the most basic acting skills (imagine Mandi Moore playing versus Dan Kuaile). Austin will later play against John Aston in the "Evil Roi Slade", with the inequality between them actually painful to watch. In the mid-1960s, she was the girl "Dodge Rebellion", as such was presented in a similar series of dangerous situations - imagine Sandra Dee in a dark blue suit. When the automotive agency replaced her with the Dodge Fever, someone got a great idea to show her in a feature film. What story is there begins with Pauline growing up in the Baskerville Foundling Home, led by an actress who actressed Mrs. Chatsvorth Osborne Sr. on "Dobie Gillis". George falls in love with her (Pauline Ms. Osborne) and sabotages several opportunities to adopt. George goes to search for his fortune, and 19-year-old Pauline gets a job that teaches a young Middle Eastern oil rich. When she tries to add an attractive blonde in her harem, she runs away and runs danger from danger. Among them are African pygmies, a 99-year-old millionaire who wants to freeze while his one-year-old grandson is not old enough for the marriage, film industry and Russian space program. All this was intended to be stupid and charming, but it only managed stupid work. There is some effort to include a silent movie view of the action sequences simulating the undermining of the camera (which speeds up the action). Unfortunately, everything else (film work, production design, editing) is depressing in the 1960s. Nothing here approaches the pictures of Pearl White, tied to a logger that moves to a whistle or bound to a railroad waiting on a moving train. I'm just a kid.
