Here's how you do it: Believe in God and repent of your sins. Then things should turn around for the next day. Until the last fifteen minutes, this movie is just played as a bad recapitulation of a drunk, shy life. His mom dies. His pomp is b_tch. His father is dying. He drinks. He got married. There are children. Drink something else. His wife is angry. He disappoints his children. Woman threatens to leave. Call the Reverend b / c late at night who wants to kill him. Then when the recapitulation occurs, then we get a subtle message "Left Behind". "He needed a salary". This is a phrase I had to repeat over and over again when the credits began to turn around so as not to lose respect for Madsen. Madsen kneels and prays for Christ's forgiveness. When he does, he goes out and actually says he sees the world in a different way. He tells his wife that he has found God and that it is good enough for her. Flip scene for four months and the woman is tired of going to church. Finish the movie while Madsen walks past the bar and gives soliloques about how happy he is with Christ and without alcohol. The final moment? A little enthusiastic about the bar (i.e., the House with a mistake) and gives gay, Miami-Vice, a special congratulation card in the air after freezing the camera. See why I had to repeat the phrase? "He needed a paycheck." Man this film is bad. B-80 production values ​​do not help much. The scenario could easily have been an episode of "Touched Bi An Angel". It could have been thrown in 30 minutes plus commercials. The acting is wooden and never convincing. Even Madsen, whose big fan and the only reason I went through this, clearly shows that this is his first acting career and that he still does not know his $ from his elbows. For 45 minutes I started to discourage myself. This thing was domestic. I just wanted to put it off and say it's ok, I've seen half of it. That's good enough. But not. If I were to sit across the Ninja Cheerleader, I could sit for all this. The only reason I do not give this thing is 1 for two things: 1) I love Madsen. I know it's not fair. But, it's great to see the introductory title "Introducing Michael Madsen". Sue me. 2) Part of the Dialogue is so bad that it is classical. At the end of this I will put some quotes so that you can also enjoy them. It's all. To wrap it, this thing is a piece of shit that should stay washed with other turds. But hey! Take a look at! Michael Madsen! (See also TILT, EXECUTIVE TARGET, MY BOSS'S DAUGHTER, etc.). Now I need to watch the Tanks and watch Madsen torture a cop to take my respect. See you, kids. "This will make me blind, but I will drink it all the time" - Madsen's first taste of cheap alcohol "I do not want" Everything is so nice! "- Madsen walked out after admitting to God" I'll go to town later and pick up the Bible and get a haircut "- Madsen after turning around at the table, because Satan lives in the hair
