In the year that also boasted such disgusting stinkers as Snakes on the plane and Da Vinci Code, it's a pretty brave statement. But I still stand by it. The return of Superman, as well as King Kong 6 months before, is long lasting, hyper-tolerant and with CGI to the eyeballs. My God, these things work my head. Richard Donner had the idea to "stay real" for his two excursions. And I think his approach to special and optical effects is most appropriate. Brian Singer is bombing us with so many CGIs to really get you out of the story and remind you to watch a movie hit that thinks the only way to impress the audience is to spend $ 250 million (totally irresponsible amount of money)) about antipathetic visual effects that do not they fulfill the hyper-u. We saw everything and we were everywhere where the CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a movie that's 95% made up of this shit ... and you understand that. I read so many reviews from fanboys critics about how the film has a 'soul' or 'soul'. human heart 'or' moments of gentle character '. Puh-lease! We had already imagined superheroes who screamed quietly 'I would love to know if I'd known' already ten times in the past few years and the SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the land is a recycled garbage. Lek Luthor (seriously mistakenly thrown and hammi Kevin Spacei) in the plan to destroy land mass America has already been made in the first film! And, well ... it's your part! It's unbelievable that they managed to get this garbage out to 2.5 hours of pain! Even if the actors were cute, it would make it less unbearable. However, Brandon Routh has a feature on the screen on a mahogany drop, Kate Bosworth is completely inconvenient as a journalist for the Pulitzer Prize, James Marsden is 250% wooden, as usual, and Kevin Spacei should really dismiss his agent or get some better judgment. The only member I liked was the lovely Parker Posei. But I'm in strange girls. Each year such films become more and more bombastic. Soon we will have $ 300 million of movies. Studies need to understand that they might need to start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money Varner spent on this bunch of shit, for all the resources this movie cost to make ... is it worth it? In my opinion, surely not! This garbage has put me in the life of Superman!
