It does not really matter what Superman comics are incredibly naive and their target is ten years old. It's important that "Superman Returns" is a bad movie. At first, the question for you, dear readers, how many do you really believe Superman will be defeated by bald Kevin Spaceia? Anyone? Just as I thought. There is no spoiler here. So let's go to some more important issues now. First, this movie looks like a commercial (a scene in the Superman / Clark Kent bar that drinks Budveiser is just a scene that looks the way it should). Imagine Superman's advertisement, a long two and a half hours. Let's be serious, this is not "Amadeus" or "The Departed". You really feel that this movie is too long. And special effects are not so special. Second, the script is stupid. Sometimes, even if something is acceptable in comics, the movie looks stupid. And this is so in this case. Of course, the dialogues are a shame. I can not believe someone took the money to write them. How many times will we be fed with the evil one who speaks? How many laws of physics will be raped? (Jesus, it's not just about Superman's strength, but also about the resistance of the materials he deals with.) How many times will Lois Lane cheat Kent? How many times will Hollywood producers look for a story in ridiculous comic books? Since it's difficult to make a good story, why have you got a bad story to start? It just does not work. Guys, get caught. Try harder, please. Or just stay forever on this strike, who cares. I have the feeling that the VGA is constantly on strike. No offence. I do not doubt the lame money that these people have paid for, but the quality of the products they deliver. In this case, there is no quality. (At this moment you can ask yourself: Is that so bad? Yes, it is.) Thirdly, the performance is poor, which is quite a surprise because Brian Singer (the usual suspect) directs. Kevin Spacey is having fun, but he's the only one. The crowd is no longer in the mood for jokes. The point is that a comic book hero can develop into a true personality, with clear motivations, but also with doubts, fears, some depth. In this case, nobody did the job, and the characters are not very interesting. Finally, the whole effort of the creator turns this film into a parody. The other unit is so bad that it attracts attention, because nothing is happening any more on the screen anyway. The harder they try (if they try), the more fun it is (but it's not laughing). The final conclusion? One word: shame. This movie, ladies and gentlemen, is a camp. Do not waste your time and do not spend your money. Stay home, read the book.
