or: That's a bird? Is that an airplane? No, look ... It's a disaster! or: There is no need to look at the sky. Or: (... OK, that's enough.) If the singer tried to make a romantic titanic movie to crash the record in the box office, he failed. SR structure can not do it, dark and limited color scheme (I would call it "vishi-vashi"), boring common dialogues, clown with advanced alien technology, lack of entertainment and magic, etc. completely disappointing. Simple does not work. The main thing with characters such as superman is that he is a superhero. It's the essence, the most important thing. Love troubles and unfortunately lost depressed Supersoftie can only be the only facets in the Superman film long 2:40, not all the time. Because then it is no longer superman or superhero. It's like (and in this case very bad and boring) social study, where every 30 minutes people fly around. It's a big difference. This film is a joke. Holy shivalker, this is Superman, so give us Supervillains, Superaction and the most important thing, Superfun. We wish ZABAVU! Singer, if you want to make the drama of a long love soul in 2:40 about the lost and sad people? Then take normal human characters and make an ientl remedy. They say: Superman returns. And then, supersadlisoftie stands at the door. Perhaps a singer tried to kill a legend without a kryptonite, but one bad movie can not do it. Do not give up, they are planning a sequel ... The next time the singer (and Varner Brothers), make a superhero movie, not a depressing superlame soap, or let it be. Superhero movie is a colorful fantasy with lots of fun and magic. This film is like a very cheap box for chocolate with super coating. Yes, technically everything is fine, that there are a lot of small conversations, there are several jokes, views of action scenes, etc. But the only thing that matters is that these things are in common is their poor quality. br /> It's nothing more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The ridiculous throwing strategy (throw them as soon as possible, so it can make sequels in the next 25 years) gives the rest. Kate Bosworth plays the 22-year-old star, she looks like 19. Superman was five years old, and she slept with her six years ago and she was 16 years old (she looks like 13) and a daily reporter from the planet, who "dragged" spend the night with superman. "Varner Brothers, that's too much. Routh is not that bad, the game is a little woody, but the whole movie is woody, so ...?! Temporary good were marsh and sometimes and the site, the rest, forget it, even spacious, this is not his terrain. Reeve / Hackman / Kidder behaved so easily, with fun. What a difference. <br /> <br /> Jesus is the next time Spiderman or Batman or Ironman falls and rises as Jesus or angels, or they talk directly to God. Why not? They are superheroes who save human lives every day. So at least one conversation with God every Sunday should be possible ... My God. Maybe this was not the true announced movie, but it's from a bizarre blunt parallel universe. For brothers who enjoy this superlame depressive movement will be the greatest disaster in history. Not just for the money. I understand how difficult it is (perhaps) to create and transmit some messages or feelings, but showing lonely, lost and sad people is not new, and thousands of films or TV shows have done it better, in very old or new ones Magnolia. And flying frogs were more impressive than these flying superchains, I apologize, superman, of course. Singer and VB, they are simply nothing. In fact, it's even more than nothing, it's like a black hole that destroys passion for (comic / superhero) movies and steals us for three hours of our lives. Ms. Smile's younger brother. (Very angry and green like a hawk.)
