This film was extremely poorly designed from every angle other than technological. I stood and watched everyone get out of the theater, their faces were exhausted, their lives flashed in front of their eyes - their eyes wandered by the neighborhood, wondering if they were just them. I think the film is really bad. No one will admit it, this is a classic case of the Emperor wearing no clothes. "Who am I to examine a movie that contains a guy who stops a plane?" But the fact is that every member of the audience is now thinking about what I am writing. Actually, I plagued their faces. Obviously Lois is just excited by the power, she will not even drink coffee with Superman with glasses that do not stop jets. It can not be a look at "his" eyes in the depths of his soul or something like that. In the old Superman, she had some level of connection with him, obviously not the number one priority, but strengthened her character that she was "despised". I bet Henry Kissinger would even win on this Lois before Clark Kent. Now it's officially, the Kryptonites to Superman do what they eat at McDonalds by August. A person. SUPERMAN "ONE" Loses his father on earth and then finds his real super dad, the story is enchanting at every step. He is a man, it refers to people and feels love for people, applies to high school students, refers to people who feel different. It relates. Superman for a return seems to refer only to Superpeople and he seems to be just "doing the job" when saving people. There is something about Clark that Lois loves; she is really internally in love with him, but I can admit, and when she comes to the picture as a Superman, she casts a fall in love on the rocks. Without Superman, she would fall in love with Clark (at least it is a film that indicates whether it was an intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between women and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a bunch of horses for Lois. Literally. SUPERMAN TWO I just looked at him again. As a kid, I "thought" I was enjoying the action, but now I know that it was THE STORY that kept me at that time, looking over and over again. If I saw Superman returning as a child, then I would hate him, I think. In this film there are so many hearts and souls and superpowers that it's sick. Superman gives up his love for love as the story goes, and in the meantime, Lek Luther has something fantastic in his sleeve. SUPERMAN TRI Now there are three love stories between Superman and Lane and Clark, only humanity wins, and Clark's inner nature conquers Superman's power, because when his SUPER moral nature is gone and he is superHUMAN (who works human things with her superpowers), she sees that the power of Superman to whom she is in love is not SUPERpoverman, but SUPERMORTALman who loves - and who really is SUPER. And when he tells Clark to "prefer" him to Superman, he is delighted, he has again established a human relationship. He wants to be accepted for what he is, not just for his ability to fold steel. This is a sort of thing that is falling off the supernumerary returns. Clark's super-hives help the kid get a strike - humanity again. Plus, this is an EXACTLY USE of Supersil. He uses not only brutal power. He smashed coal into a diamond for his wife, because he had to sell his own, love is the only thing that forces him to use his power except for rescue. It looks like nothing is in Superman's return. Even in Superman 3, we see the damage caused by the hostile plan for domination in the world .. we see suffering, we see how it affects Priora and others and people in the middle ... there is no damage, especially. emotionally from Lek's conspiracy to sink the United States. We see that the ball of the crystal is thrown into space. Superman had to be very creative in the first three Superman to stop the plot against him, he could not only "access" his superpowers. In the first, he had to stop two missiles in different directions, and then violated his universal mandate and erased history in order to save Lois's life ... (this was THIRTY YEARS !!). three guys outnumbered him that he was already POWER than, but in combination with Lek's genius, and the immoral tactics of the wicked, Superman's supremacy was not enough, he had to work against each other and outwit them ... In Superman III, again, his supersiles were not enough to win. He had to outwit the computer that calculated everything he saw. He could not use the right aggression on the computer because he calculated it in advance, so he had to use benign acid that would become deadly to the computer after the computer reacted to aggression, and discovered that this acid was earlier, when it could not easily to use his superpowers to destroy the fire, because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his supercars - he could not carry water, so he froze the lake and dropped it on fire. Now in Superman's return, he simply flips the island into the outer space, as a night temperature for UPS. He does not have to understand anything, just uses his "super power". Luther's brilliance was shown at the pre-emptive level of drug addicts. I do not say anything about throwing that island out to the outer space after being kicked with a knife kirptonite knife in the bloodstream and on the island dropping spores of kryptonite on the face, but he just turned his eyes and nose as if he was not Grey Poupon in which he was looking.
