I saw a movie last night and I really wanted to like it. My film expectations go up and down since I've heard it done. For a few days I saw something spectacular, and for a few days I would be disappointed. However, as I am a fan, I had a great hope for this movie, but in the end I was very disappointed. Although I love Richard Donner's films, I did not like their sometimes campistic nature or the changes they made in Superman's character and his powers. The worst elements of Donner's films and put them in his version. While his Lek Luthor is slightly darker, he is still nothing else to shister, a conman and a common criminal. He is not more intelligent than when Gene Hackman played him. Kevin Spacei does everything he can to play Luthor, but in the end he becomes a victim of bad writing and an incomprehensible dialogue. His supporters are more two-dimensional than even comic books. Most of them literally do not have a dialogue in the film. **** SPOILERS AHEAD **** Kitti Kovalski is almost exactly the same character as Mrs. Tesmacher. It seems to be evil and cold as Lek Luthor, but she turned out to be a subordinate person who melts after seeing Superman in trouble and quite predictably issued by Lutor. The biggest disappointment in the film was Frank Langella as Perry Wake. I was not a big fan at the top of Perry Wave in Donner movies, but at least he had a soul. He eventually said and did, a veteran reporter who was looking for the truth and good story. Langelin Perry Vhite is nothing more than a corporate puppet. He wants everyone to focus on Superman stories because they sell newspapers, although every other paper does the same thing. He does not care about the right stories, makes mysteries such as darkness and what Lek Luthor is so far up to now, when he came out of jail. The worst thing about Langelle is that it's DULL! Some actors can be quiet and sober, yet have an underwater stream that allows you to know that deep water is still flowing. Frank Langella is a puddle. Brandon Routh is not a bad actor. He's fine, but again there's not a single unforgettable line in the whole movie. It's not an actor's fault. His movements are obviously intended to look graceful, as the slightest movement of the fingers affects the way he flies. But she still looks choreographed and artificial. Lois Lane while poorly written was surprisingly well-played by Kate Bosworth. Unfortunately, again, for a journalist and writer who won the Pulitzer Prize, she is roughly as eloquent as any teenager at Davson's Creek. Superman than even Routh. Without any superpower she managed to understand Lois Lane's message, flew by plane to the location, boarded the Luthor's yacht and saved Lois and her son. The only moving moment in the movie is when everything is trapped because it is watered with water and tons of tones. See them slowly entering the water. You know Superman will come at the last minute to save them, but you still can not help but regret them. As I said, the plot is very coincidental. Unlike Singer, this is not a superhero movie that comes back and tries to find its place in the world. As soon as he returns, the world welcomes him with open arms. Lois is the only one who is not happy to see him back. Even Luthor is happy that Superman returns because he gives him a chance to match the result with the steel. Superman is probably one of the dumbest heroes in the universe. A large green meteor piece was stolen from the museum, Lek Luthor got out of jail, he now has knowledge of Superman's powers and weaknesses, and yet he is still unable to connect points so that he knows that Luthor would use kryptonite against him. According to the film, the only thing Superman is good about is that it really raises really tough things. All action sequences are incredibly predictable.
