I suppose this film is a convenient tribute to Superman's first movie, because it is as dark and painfully as long as the original. After an introductory scene that consists exclusively of murky intergalactic paintings, credit give honor. even futuristic, unbridled futuristic films of the original Superman. Then there is something else blurry. Ma Kent sees some kind of clutter on the farm and spends a good deal of my life slowly going to some of the cornfield residue. Then Superman sneaks at her and faints. Then we will catch Luthor Luthor in the scene about the many murky big plans of the old lady as she dies. We do not see Luthor's face to the end of the scene, an early example of the film's urge to leave no uncut rock. Lek Luthor is a guy who does not like Superman because he is not a man. Also, he probably does not like people because the film occasionally has some kind of complication about Lek Luthor who plans to kill the majority of the earth's population. After a while, Clark Kent reappears the old job (I forgot to mention, he was absent on a five-year trip where nothing happened). Then she finds out that Lois Lane has an illegal kid and goes out with Cyclops. It disturbs him so much that he loses control of his super power to the extent that he accidentally breaks the picture frame. At this moment, we see Miss Lane on some kind of jet plane fastened to some kind of space shuttle. It's kind of an important event because it's on television. Then we find out in the control room there are people who follow this event. There are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit. The film then reminds us that these people were involved in cutting between them during most of the summer. As the events that led to the inevitable catastrophe began to build, I apologized that I would get the juice. I accidentally returned to the wrong theater and watched this movie about Al Gore showing slides in its entirety. I tried to get back to Superman Returns, but I was somehow wandering into the Prairie Home Companion, which I watched twice in a row. Then it's time for us to stop kidding. I went back to the first theater, found my seat and looked up to see that the upcoming disaster in the space shuttle Lois Lane almost reached us. Still, it seemed to last forever, so I wandered around the theater, met the girl, married, raised his son and sent him to college. While attending my son's medical school, I remembered I should probably report Superman, so I apologized and went back to the theater just to find out that there was no need for a groom. It took another half an hour for things to go upside down for Space Shuttle Lane. When they did, Superman saved everything, which was pretty cool. <br /> <br />. And there's a sublot that Superman turns really creepy and begins to follow Lois Lane and her family with their X-ray vision and super-hearing. Then she's trying to get her to crawl the Cyclops, who looks like a good guy. Meanwhile, Lek Luthor is involved in some kind of competition to show every possible generic behavior of a villain before the end of the movie. . I forgot to take my assessment with you home (they give you one at the door), but I think it has got a damn close to a hundred percent. I hope to win a million dollars. At this point, things begin to prepare for a big blurry final. I think maybe the projector was broken, because the movie looked like it was some time in a loop. I remember seeing the dark things that grew out of the water, Superman got sick, Superman got better, he returned to the blurred things, he's sick again, no waiting, he's fine again. The bad guy is moving: he yells at his girlfriend a bit. Then Superman died and returned to life. I thought the film was over, so I went. Ninety years later, the nursing home I lived in was a bit cold. I realized that I left my T-shirt in the theater, and I went to get it back. When I did it, I was a bit surprised when I discovered that the return of Superman was not over yet. I tried to ask some viewers what I missed, but most of them until now were just skeletons with long gray beards. I leaned over to my old seat and watched Lois Lane wrapping the house for a while. Then Superman appeared and began to quote the beginning of the film, and since I already saw that part, I thought it was okay to leave. It's my review of Superman. Oh, too, if you love jokes about eating dogs or jokes about a dog that eats another dog, you love this movie. That's why there are two jokes like this.
