First, let me just comment on what I like in the movie. Special effects were fantastic, and I rarely felt like watching a video game. There, this is the last good thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would just like everyone to read this to take into account that I can not even say how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. I have countless complaints on the film, but four main complaints fall into the mind. My first big complaint relates to the incredible "plot screw" siren (if you can call it because most people probably saw it move a mile further) where Lois's 5-year-old son turns out to be a super-powered Superman kid. When a paying super-child inserts a piano at Lek's supporters to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. The singer could make a much better movie about Superman, without resorting to cheap tricks as a seemingly fragile but latently illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw a movie and I still want to vomit. My next big complaint is related to the fact that Superman raises a continent made from kryptonite to space. It is not necessary for a comedian from Simpson to show what is wrong with it. I do not know how much comic book Brian Singer read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite, he hardly has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever had the idea to fly to a large island made up of his biggest weakness in space, has no business with any Superman project. The concept is as funny as filming Dracula, where the title character has a role in the heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic in the sun. Why would not Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it, then wash his teeth, and then sleeps in kryptonite pajamas. It is no longer absurd to raise it to the continent of the kryptonite in space, and then disable it through the atmosphere without combustion in the re-entry or sprinkling of the central park when it falls to the ground. My third big complaint has to do with the fact that Singer hits the movie viewers over the face with the religious symbolism of the entire film. I have to deal with his characterization of Superman as the only son of God-like Jor-el who was sent to the earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to Earth to be a rescuer, threw him into the rocket, and rushed him into the universe because his planet just exploded. I will buy Christ's allegory if Brian Singer can show me the role in the Bible, where God sends Christ to the earth, because the sky will explode, and then the radioactive parts of heaven will become Christ's primary weakness. Moreover, the scene of the crucifixion in which Luthor bites Superman aside with a "spear" from the kryptonite only makes me bang face in the brick until I'm too dead to notice the silly apparent and inappropriate symbolism by removing steel in the near future. We could also rename this film "Superman Returns: Passion of the Christ." And when it comes to Luthor, my last big complaint has to do with Singer's presentation of Lek Luthor. Lek Luthor is an insightful, cold-blooded business tycoon that is more capable of running for president (what works in a comic) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be the chief, not to destroy everything. Still, Luthor, who sees Superman returning, like all the previous Superman movies, is an unbelievable theater dumbbell that comes with devastating plans to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of (rather terrible) previous Superman films, this film might not be such an unbearable tragedy. Perhaps the next Singer project could be a Batman movie that focuses on Batman's interpretation of a TV show from the 1960s. FOR M! VHAP! POV !! To summarize, I do not know what I hate more, the film itself, or the fact that so many people seem to give good reviews. Everyone has the right to your opinion, but if you do not hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this to not see this movie if you have not already done so. I do not see it, do not buy it when it appears on a DVD, do not rent it ... basically you do not pay any money to it in any way. This film does not deserve money. In fact, I think that for every person who sees this film, Brian Singer should be punished with $ 45 billion. If you are a fan of Superman and you really want to watch this movie, just get down and let somebody hit you in the eggs and get the same experience without losing 2 hours of your time.
