With his follower, MASTERS OF HORROR, NIGHTMARES AND DREAMSCAPES, they can only be viewed as the absolute overgrowth of the genre, which has begun so well with THE TVILIGHT ZONE and OUTER LIMITS. Of course, part of the problem is not to do anything that would be of interest to a relatively adult audience, instead of targeting the TEN YEAR - OLDS, which can only count body bags, and hardly it can. And so rudeness is the king, and the king is rude. Stephen King is simply illiterate? Generally, he has the ability to tell Bart Simpson. Since she can not read only her inspiration with movies. True, the cinema is not such a bad place to start, because it generally avoided the attack of "realism". But these movies are just rumors, not the thing, and if you want to write, you have to dig deeper. Of course, only PICKMAN had monsters as close acquaintances. But even so, every student should be clear that the vampires are not Dracula and Lugosi. At least AUTOPSI ROOM FOUR is a clear indication of what is wrong. You can almost imagine this pathetic doll sitting at the table trying to make sense of something OLD. No, um, you are trying to accurately describe the horror of the system in which he is an integral part, stupid stupid, but trying to find a scary story for his little nephew. Suppose you were paralyzed and people thought you were dead and started to open like those autopsies! Would not that be rough? And that, boys and girls, is a story. What about Characterization? Oh yes, he is one of these suits, who never really appreciated life, you know, and it's too late now, right? And he shouts? Well, I can not hear it, you know? he says he will sue the hospital, but he is no longer such a big shot, you see, lying there (or it's laying, I can never remember) and all that. And he thinks: Oh, please, please do not cut me, and this is terrible, lying (or laying) like that? Would not that be a great story? You know that I read somewhere that a snake's bastard can do it, I think it was the great medical authority of Agatha Christie. How was that serpent called, oh, yes, BOOMSLANG ?? It has a good sound, is not it? Let's do it PERUVIAN BOOMSLANG! Of course, Steve, that's great? except that BOOMSLANG is African, moron! But how can you really say that the target audience is children, and not just mental defects? It's easy: no sex. Well, there is, but it is the kind that sees through the crack at the door of our parents' bedroom. Modern filmmakers are really great on the erotic aspects of this genre, monsters, women's victims, chase. But unlike UNIVERSAL and LEVTON, they have no idea what's going on. All that really is left is giggle outside SM club and fascist chalk that people with sexual preferences are fundamentally evil. In spite of a certain size mismatch, King Kong knew exactly what to do with Fai Vrai. Freddy Krueger can only kill her. And since there is no real fuss in it, he must first bother? not in any way that could excite him, you understand, because it would disrupt our puritanic feelings. And so, horror and romanticism become simply an embarrassment and annoying psychopaths. Our hero, you see, is a rubber fetishist, and can only get a failure if someone touches him the way you know him down there stuff? rubber gloves. And that's what they use in autopsies, and so they discover that he is, in fact, you know. Obviously, this is the author at the height of his inspirational powers. Too bad, they broke it because it may have alarmed the five-year-old watching the show!
