I just saw the third week of the mini-series of Steven Kings and nightmares; So, so far, I've seen 6 episodes. I must say that the stories are really weak. I read Stephen King's Skeleton Crev, a collection of his short stories that have been published since ancient times. I remember that most of the stories were average to the poor, but there was really great, if not extraordinary. What I'm trying to say is that just because this mini-series from a collection of Steve King's stories does not mean it will be good. In fact, if his previous collection of short stories is any indication, then most of these mini-series will be average for the poor. In the defense of Stephen King I did not read this new short story. They may be as good as a story in a book and can not be easily adapted to television, or it may be the fault of the screenwriter in an attempt to write an interesting script. Who knows. Also, these short stories can be made exclusively for this mini-series, not for printing. Maybe it was a problem. If Steven King sent those stories to the editor, I'm sure the editor would immediately tell him to make it more interesting because it's just boring. What is clear from all this is that the problem is in the stories / script, and not in the actors and actresses, because in this mini series there are excellent people working on it. "series.Any series was only half an hour, but it was tempting and rivet.I do not understand why this mini-series could not achieve a similar feat.I'm sure this mini-series had a lot of money to make a good mini-series, but unfortunately, something did not have to click. For example, this episode shows two episodes this week: the first involved a horror story writer who was buying an image drawn by an artist who committed suicide. He drives home. Feeling embarrassed, he throws a picture, but he always appears Also, the portrait of a person in that picture kills people and is out to kill him (I will not even mention another episode for this week involving criminals and their prey, because it was even more boring than this episode!) I was frustrated because there were too many voids in the story, as well as other material that showed that nothing helped the story. After the last scene, I have more questions than answers. I tried 3 weeks to get into this mini series, but it was too aggravating because of bad stories / scenarios. If this were a movie, I would recommend that people wait for the film to appear on the cable or the like. I would not even recommend renting it in your video. However, having in mind that this is a TNT cable channel, I would say that you have not seen it before, and then try one week. If you do not like this week, then you will not like the past series or the future, because everyone has the same boring feature.
