Most of the short stories by Stephen King are small jewels with original ideas that do not develop for a long time; basically lean - it quickly sets them up on a small number of pages, you read them and you finished before you know you started. They are like the equivalent of a cardboard box of McDonald's French fries - the taste is really good and you know that there is not much nutritional value in them (re: from a literary point, they do not speak much about the universal human condition), but you will still send them, just do not to be a pig and go to extra super-size and fill too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor for prose in King's novels, Find yourself to read one of them and say that you have come-enough with pop-cultural observations or smart Iankee parties - to continue with the story!) He is meeting vio four books collections of short stories. I've read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everithing's Eventual, and they all show the efficiency of getting to a point that sometimes lacks in its novel-sized sizes. But his short stories never exceed their welcome ... which brings us to television adaptations of nightmares and dreams ... How are they (producers of the series) getting green - that the stories that usually average 15 pages turn into 50-minute episodes? I'll tell you - two words - "Stephen King." The stories with his name on them were probably not cheap, and one-hour shows allow more commercials than half an hour, so ... what was supposed to be an anthology of at least 23 or 24 minutes, was converted to double length, and twice more than commercial time ... Ka-Ching! I will not waste my time with the synopsis of these stories - this review assumes that you have already read stories and / or see the show; what follows is just my reaction to what TNT presented ... From the four previous rates, here are my estimates of ten cents (from the first to the worst): The battlefield ... It's not classic at all which way, but hey, so anyone could oppose it to prevent William Hurt from opening his trap by shooting this episode without any line of dialogue? Both the reference to the language and the destruction of the Zuni puppet from the Trilogy of Terror showed me the producers (and the writer of teleplaia, the son of Richard Matheson, the TOT writer) knew their mission with this was to make the action deadly but at the same time amusing. It took more time to get to Hurt's apartment than I needed, but I think he has fulfilled his goal. 8/10 Umnei's latest case - This was primarily due to the appearance of Villiama H. Mation. I think the writer / umnei should have appeared in the story earlier in the private eye / Umney's beginning because he was the real reality of the story, and everyone was acquainted with a short story about the king (probably half, if not more public) knew Chandlereskue set- up was supposed to be interrupted by the reality of the writer, so let's go on with it already, and we cut off a sweet and smart stubborn joke that was already in question. After the family tragedy of Umnei began to reveal myself, I thought the show had developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (at least me) a feeling of sympathy for the real Maci's attempt to escape the grief by usurping his fictitious creation of life. 6/10 <br /> The end of this mess ... This title is how I felt about this episode when it ended. After twenty minutes, I was ready to scream on TV - OK, we already got it, the younger brother is Mega Mensa Genius Prodigi Ektraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston to talk with the camera ("time is running out" - it's not fast enough, I thought) that a young kid would reveal something really bad for humanity - we know that because an airplane has already been built, but he almost died because he could not to turn him off the path of the tree; and shattered his chemical laboratory while teaching chemistry himself (think that the end of the world could have been prevented that this child alone had more parental control). So much time was spent on the establishment of Henry Thomas's genius genius, when we finally came to the solution of his discovery - the end of the world through unplanned idiocy - how much will we see how the world ends? "- a cheap video of a reporter who began to forget what he was reporting on, and short radio shows that announce the Day of Judgment." Oh, and brother's parents are glorifying and singing old songs. "" I mean, if your story is actually "the end of the whole mess of the world) ", I want to see the" mess "because it rises in the flames and collapses and burns. Talk about the ending with a whim, really. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This episode is me I could live with the exposure of happy couples who come to their hotel, playing slapping, lunch, and taking a taxi (t about half the episode there), if they once crossed over to Crouch Endu, the episode brought fever, but failed. Not only was it scary, but also practically funny. Ooh, look - pussy ... wait , they turn ... Oh, my God! Look at this horrible eye! Uh huh. They could have gone far to film the Crouch End sequence at night instead of in the daylight. Things you might inadvertently find funny can become scary when you see them in night shadows. But I suppose the budget was not high enough to be recorded at night on false London sets that tricked together for this. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering in places where they should not dare and horrible things that could be lurking around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was directing and acting - that was really scary. 1/10 Total Series Average (for now): 4/10
