No one goes into a movie like Hills Have Eyes 2 and is expecting another coming Citizen Kane. The same applies to most low-rent horor flicks, especially those that Roger Ebert called "Dead Teenager Movies". Hills Have Eies 2 definitely qualify as Dead Teenager Movie, only here, the teenagers have got the superficial look of military trainees. Some will discuss the "It's just a movie" line when the issues in the film are questionable, but I have always been firmly convinced that all good fantasies have to be rooted in reality to be effective. In Hills Have Eies 2, we believe that the main characters are soldiers at the exercise, but they look and speak as high school students who camp in the desert. Dialogue is terrible and often vulgar to excess. Although the films are not nearly comparable, I've always imagined those "soldiers" in the water and trembling with fear. Very little about the characters appealing to soldiers other than guns and tiredness: radio transmissions were conducted as teenage phone conversations; The colonel addresses himself as a "hey, asshole" by a private person. And it seems that nobody has the slightest idea of ​​what to do, or any sense of command structure, when things start to go wrong. I think of the soldiers in the film Aliens James Cameron, a film of pure fantasy, and that even those futuristic marines acted like real soldiers despite their fantastic situations. Fantasy is rooted in reality. I'm trying to start watching a movie like 5 on a scale of 10, and to evaluate its strengths and weaknesses. You must allow material concessions; There is no way that Star Wars can be as good as film Kum, under equal conditions. But both are excellent examples of their type. In this regard, while Hills Have Eies 2 is a pretty terrible exercise in amateur and immature writing, it's just modestly up in that respect than the typical Dead Teenager Film. On the technical side, the film seems to have decent production values ​​and is pretty well made from this perspective. Scenes that are intended to shock, or which aim to lead to urgency or uncertainty, generally work. So, while watching the Hills Have Eyes 2 really can be the fate of the mountains of death, there are certainly far above horror flicks in circulation. It's worth watching for those who enjoy this kind of thing without a common fanboi luggage, or those who do not tend to think of any movie they see is either the best or the worst ever of all time. If you do not get "horror", especially "Dead Teenager", you will not have a good time with this. 4/10
