THHE remake was a superb film remake in every way. Most of the remakes end up as total rubbish, but under the very talented direction of Alekandra Aya has become one of the best ever made in remake and as far as the mutant inbreed human sub-genre of horror is concerned. In step 2, directed by another individual, Martin Veisz and written by his father and son, a combination of Jonathan and Wes "I can not make a good horror movie to save my life anymore" Craven and if there was any indication of Veiszov's directives and young Craven writing skills we are all in a painful future because THHE 2 not only fails to be good as the first, but also does not manage to have fun at any level. We start with a pretty graphic birth of a mutant who, although quite cool, will not prepare you for the complete garbage to come, just a hint of what could have been in this movie. Then we will see a team of scientists who briefly meet and send out our radiant rejection. In the steps of our main composition of military reservists to save the day, the main problems begin. From very subordinate action (even for this type of film) to the horrible character of the defect. Real slaughter during most of the time THHE 2 becomes a work for watching, because much does not happen because the idiotic soldiers make a mistake after the mistake, only to meet there, not by the mutants but by themselves. Think of marines in aliens exactly the opposite, and you have an idea of ​​how well those soldiers are well dressed. This is the real shame of the film because most Hills residents do not get the killing you would like to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if it did not have THHE 2 attachment at first and a short overview at the beginning of this loosely bonding at first, this could have been almost original for the Sci-Fi channel. Mutant Mountainbillies is also not so much fun this time, in fact, how far they are inferior to our previous series, because they are all pretty designed and uninteresting. And the one who took the cake was Lenny's Mutant (you know the Goaties Leningtons) who help them in the third act. I waited for him to request a baby Ruth or start moving around Rocki Road ice cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the events happening here. Up in the movie, but not nearly as intelligent as the original in reality it seemed that in most cases it was reduced except for the mutant baby-born baby scene, there really is nothing to stand out as in the first one. Another big attack on this movie. So, what worked here, the answer is nothing. This felt like a sequel designed specifically to earn money from the success of the former, rather than making a "good" movie. I can talk about shit Drill SGT. has a speech impediment (that is, he is the type of guy who wants me to come to the aid of a real crisis) or a pacifist fighter resembling the same characteristic mold as our "hero" in the first movie, but I believe you got a point. This film is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first one. He was supposed to get another title and was added to Saturdai Night Line on The Sci-Fi Channel. Real shame as a solid sequel could have been made, but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that throws the ball on almost every level and will get one of my lowest points because I give THHE 2 the same result as its part: 2/10 Terrible: I can not say to describe how this film is totally opposite from its predecessor in every respect, uninspired and unnecessary. The next time, guys, if you're going to make this sequel as bad ... do not bother. Please do not support this garbage in theaters, save money and thank me later !!!!
