Recently I was so obsessed and anticipated this movie that I almost had to see it. Well, since I saw him today, grade 5.8 is completely understandable. I think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a terrible need, it turns out that it does not pay off. Naturally, Hills Have Eies 2 has its moments. It has a very cool and well-developed story that fits well with the product, but it's so self-determined that it's so hard to follow. And if there was no Ves Craven production on this movie, it would have nothing to do with the original remake. But the whole thing makes you go "Did this have to be a horror or COMEDY?" because there are many ridiculous, randomly set moments of jumping and stupid lines (IE "There is a hand in sh ** er!" or "You mother ** I will kill you all the damn sons b ** tches!") and acting It does not even remind you how bad it was. STORY: (This section contains a spoiler, watch out!) The film starts with a woman giving birth to a baby mutant (ooh la la!) and then the screen fades to black with the appearance of the film title and the monologue.Then we go to this office where the random veterans of the mannequins are placed in random order.The audio tracking track has disappeared and everyone is dying! You will be expecting more tone settings tonight. Then we go to this team. While the captain of the parade "Good work on stupidity", their last day of training is in New Mexico, in the desert, where the family is in the last THHE stayed in the hospital, they used the stuck. While you're in the training, things are ultimately wrong, people are dying, and ... do I have to tell you something else? Because right now I have the attention of the goldfish that just forces me to sit here and I'm typing this. What's wrong with THHE2 is that it just does not work. There are no flashbacks here, and the ending is pretty sure ... but with a turn! That's stupid. I'm pretty sure that the Ultra Super Director's holographic cover and Hills Have Eies 3 tickets will show all of his alternate endings, but at this point, I'm not sure if I care. So, surely, if you liked the first THHE, it's almost sin to not see this, then be sure to look. But if not, then avoid it at all costs. That's for your own good. 3/10
