I am not a fan of horror, but my nephews and nephews are my wives. So, I saw the first movie. It was creepy and tense, but not my taste. Still good. For similar reasons, at this moment, I am exposed to the continuation. The premise itself is beyond the aperture. I can buy disasters in the desert. I can buy that mutants exist. I can even make the events perhaps so strange and weird that the army can decide to get involved. It is unlikely, yes, but I am willing to suspend my beliefs. However, under no circumstances I am unwilling to believe that a military unit in charge of the reconstruction of such an area could not be defended. mutant. As a member of the United States Army, I can assure that while new recruits may not have experienced eyes and experience of combat troops, all such recruits would be integrated into a capable detachment. The team of armed soldiers soldiers will not be brought out by several mutants to the knives. That's how it works. The movements of the detachment, much superior firepower, and, of course, the support of the radio, would provide nothing less than complete victory. I'm not saying that you would not have any casualties, but once this area was confirmed as hostile, military training would have an advantage, no one would have gone away to use the bathroom. <br /> <br /> And if it was discovered that the area was so heavy to the enemies, that the detachment was not able to deal with danger, they would come in for support. And believe me, their radio devices would not be stuck, if there was a chance that normal radio would not do, the crew would have a satellite phone with military issues. Chances are, if I can not check in every hour, look. To accept this film, you must accept that our soldiers are incompetent fools, incompetent leaders, and incompetent chain of command. Although it may still be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and a compass, our military forces are full of intelligent, well-trained, competent soldiers. Mutants with knives are far below our ability to deal with it. The whole film can not be imagined with the complete rendering of the movie firmly, the film fails. Instead, we are expected to believe that our soldiers, sailors and airmen are incapable of dealing with even the most basic threats. As a veteran veteran, I consider the film to be offensive.
