Is not anyone else tired of this old cliché, in which an almost dead person appears in a horror movie, gives us some information, and then blows his head off for obvious reasons? I know that I am. The sad thing is that the use in this movie is worthless. If you saw the first movie (the first remake I should say) then the given information is completely worthless, because you would already know that. I guess you can not be worthless for the main characters ... but why does an idiot kill himself in the head? Do not you want to live? Of course, he would die anyway. This is another movie called "The Hills Have Eies II". The first is the sequel to the original 70's movie. It's a little complicated here for someone like me. You see, I am probably part of a minority of people of my age who even knew that there is HHE2 and even less original HHE1. And now that we have a remake of the remake and the fact that this sequel is just called as a sequel to the original HHE1 ... it just worsens! But anyways .. Original Hills Have Eies The whole Craven was decent. In the end, however, the idea was better than the presentation, but most likely had a small budget. To be honest, Ves Craven is not a good horror director. He made only a few good horror films (Nightmare on Elm St., New Nightmare), a few good films (Scream) and a bunch of horrible (cursed, humorous, vampire in Brooklyn). Oh ieah, he also made Svamp Thing, as well ... but the original HHE2 is in the second category. I only saw a few minutes, but it was terrible. Now it's written a new HHE2 .. and it's such a disappointment! Last year's HHE remake was even better than the original film. It was tense. I suppose it had to do with the fact that the main characters are families, not a bunch of beers and crazy teenagers. That's why we felt dirty. For the first hour, we were in hell, and in the end in the last few moments, the good guys turned to bad guys and it was fine. This new movie has no tension. Without any suspension. Only violent things happen mostly to stupid people. There is hardly any scary presence here. Only ugly riders hide under the walls. I'm tired of horror movies in which people are dying because of stupid mistakes they are constantly making. I just watched the "Deep Blue Sea" the other day where Samuel L. Jackson continued to walk around the water while he spoke, and then he ate the shark, just because the idiot stayed close to the water ... something no one would have done in a given situation! Here's the same thing. People go out to leak through, even though they know that people are dying .. seriously, can not they wait for a meaningless break? And then when you think that people will learn, someone else goes away! Seriously, it is not more scary when the characters bring A-game and still lose? I would think so ... Even under delivery. It had to make the first remake look like "The Fog" remake (which was less dangerous than the "Becker" episode). More bad guys. More time in the caves. More tensions. More than anything. But it actually reduces the rating. Less bad guys. No tension. Of course we have more time in the caves, but there is not much to happen. In the end, it seems that there are only two or three bad guys. The last film made it look like the whole tribe of people. Where is this tribe? Who sees them through binoculars? Seriously, these are the things that this film should bring to us, but it ends with the same promise made by the last film, with that same "observed" scene. Come on! I'll give the devil the need. The appearance of the movie is good ... but that's it. I do not even think that fans will like this before .. although I'm probably wrong! It's up there (although most are accelerated while in the dark), but without tension, and the characters that care about you ... the mountains do nothing in my book! In the end, you're not scared. You are not shocked (unless you are an 8-year-old girl). You do not even feel that you have seen something new.
