This ridiculous and incompetent film is certainly the worst version of the "Hamlet" that has ever reached the screen. Branag's approach to material can only be described as vulgar; going to such a long level as to show Ophélie in a flat jacket after the Fortinbras army suddenly appeared on the horizon (like the peak of Monti Pithon and the Holy Grail) when the palace was apparently guarded only by Francisca (who shouts very non- Shakespeare's scream "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before he was killed, and a multitude of stars returning to the days of Jimmy Kagney and Kate Mary Pickford. Branagh chose to set his film in Edward's ambience, but at the same time decided to uses almost uncut text, so often A genius that is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context in which it is performed. And Branagh does not deal with such textural subtleties as the ambiguity of Hamlet and Olpheli's relationship, treating audiences with a vulgar naked sex scene between the couple casting any ambiguity on the window with stained glass. The uncut text allows Branaghu to indulge in his favorite movie party: more footage of Kenneth Branagh. This is never so obvious as in a speech that talks about how all events speak against me that ends in the first half of the nineteenth hour of the film (at least it feels so) that tries to play a dramatic crescendo on the model of Gone Vith \ t Wind "Never I will not be hungry anymore. " This can serve Branagin's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or speech: when I watched a movie in the theater, I leaned toward my companion and smiled "The Great Moments with Mr. Hamlet." Branag saves the funniest and most unforgettable moment for the last time, when he tries to win Olivier's film and his fair glory of Claudius's death, by ramming Hamlet from the high tower to the monarch, hitting him with a sword. Branagin Dane works in the king by throwing a heroic apparent magic rap across the palace to pass through Claudius' heart with bulls the eye of a super hero. The only thing that saved the moment from unbearable harassment was that it was so much fun. Although this film is praised in some circles as a serious display of the tragedy, it is, in fact, nothing other than the star shown by a once-talented filmmaker who overcame his own narcissism. The Emperor does not have any clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, but a few unwanted laughs and a terrible sight of one man outside the control.
