Okay, let's not be confused. If this is a continuation of the remake of the original horror classic, does this mean that it's also automatic remake of the original sequel to the horror classic? Hopefully this is not a general rule, because the continuation of Ves Craven's original "The Hills Have Eies"? released sometime in the mid 80's? It is easily one of the worst and absolute horrible horror films ever recorded. The second part did not have a real plot and a re-used original image was used only to further exploit the success of a truly large and cruel premise. Craven also wanted to believe that even dogs were suffering from flashbacks and painful memories, such as loyal German Shepard from the Carter family again experienced his bloody fight with one of the mountain hills. There were many alarming signs that indicated that this continuation would be a terrible failure. Remake came out just a year ago and here's the sequel? The incredible speed of its publication correctly questions the quality of the scenarios. Do not they need a little longer if they want to make a movie that should be daunting, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alekandra Aja almost changed his general opinion on the choreographic processes, because he had the courage and intellect of changing essential elements in complication and adding more painful blood than anyone could ever hope for. Also, Aja is a rather talented young director and has noticed her French instant cult classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? The "The Hills Have Eies" Eynaes were an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans, as well as younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It's a really good movie, and although the avalanche of new sequences and clones will be inevitable, it's unlikely that one of them will ever equal the surprising quality of Aina's breakup. With all this in mind, plus a fairly large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this urgent continuation is not really as horrible as expected. The script is a routine and a cliché of horror, introducing a fairly large number of characters with little or no backbone and insensibly showing how traditionally repulsive freaks are battered. After the first movie episode, the US military set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico Desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests that had taken place there in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terribly mutant survivors of the mining community who stayed there during the radioactive testing, scientists and researchers form a delicious appetizer until the main course of the incompetent soldiers gets in the truck. They only need to take food and supplies, but to find themselves in their ultimate military exercise when confronting merciless humanoids living in the remains of the mine. Basically, it's just another Slasher number with stupid characters who, even after losing a few of their friends, are still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act as light targets for killing. It is also very easy to point out who will get them out of this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all types of violence, and the other constantly watches videos of his sweet three-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eies II" Are Missing Totally? as expected? originality, logic and convincing situations. Mutated miners are not as dangerous as their colleagues in the first part, mostly because they are not organized this time and they only behave like a slim and sexually hungry prototype of monsters. Since you do not care about the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely do not feel sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this film is much less impressive and includes from the last year's original. The strangest thing, this second film is not nearly so violent and bloody as the first! Sequences usually compensate for the lack of uncertainty and the absence of reversal of surprises with additional bloodshed and graphic kill sequences, but the action in this sequel is really feverish compared to the previous disease recordings. There are several scenes that satisfy the bloodthirsty fanatics of horror? generally shows soldiers falling down the cliff or killing them with their own weapons? but unfortunately there are no unexpected battles with whipping or attacking dogs. What a shame! What is the purpose of the extension if it does not even manage to exceed the level of roughness and / or free dirt of the original? Fortunately, the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you will have the most fun of seeing all things that make no sense! For example, wallets that fall out of the bloody heads of men, women without any muscular force as soldiers of a hard ass and ?? my personal favorite ?? assigning an ONE soldier who is incapable of talking talks about radio communications.
