Last year's 'The Hills Have Eies' remake was one of the best attempts to update the obscure exploitation of horror in the 1970s for the new audience. Alekandre Aya allowed a great degree of character development, and when violence began, it was evil and wild, and everything went on in the landscape of flawless photography and production design. I was one of the few people who actually thought it was better than the original and looked forward to another visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. Brands have eyes 2, published just a year after the original, it seems that an attempt to cash franchise with little thinking about quality seems to be. The scenario of Jonathan Craven could have been written for the weekend, and given the speed at which this film went to the cinema, it was probably. She returns to every exhausted genre cliché in the book, until she offers absolutely nothing new in the mythology of desert mutants. I have always frustrated my disappointment when the sequel replaces civilian characters with the army. Soldiers are always so lazyly written and never able to thoroughly carry the crude caricatures of passionate cat shit. In my opinion, 'Aliens' was the only film that successfully made such a transition, because of the talent of James Cameron, not just to direct the best action scenes around, but never forgetting that the audience must take care that people are slaughtered. It was also helped by some truly talented actors. With 'The Hills Have Eyes 2', it's clear that video director Martin Veisz is not James Cameron, and actors in television bits have no talent or even a tendency to turn their characters from cardboard into something that is approaching life, breathing human beings. Needless to say that every character is wide and generic cliches. They act stupidly and illogically, making a stupid and illogical decision leading them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The other half of the film becomes just another boring scenario that is persecuted through the dark corridors. The 'The Descent' (where Sam McCurdi, incidentally, worked as a cinematographer) proved that these best-performing sequences can still be performed with original originality and uncertainty, but we do not see such an innovation here. The "The Hills Have Eies 2" is just a very lazy movie, devoid of any uncertainty, tension or surprise, with no single individual interested in producing anything of a quality. It's a lively and tired excuse to continue and deserves to spend the rest of your life in the Blockbuster's cheap bin.
