The 'The Hills Eies II', one of the absurd and obviously stupid sequels that come in for some time, is 90 minutes of incapable filming of films at its best. Or worst, you still decide to look at it. While 'Hills' in 2006 was one of the best and most terrifying horror films, this sequel takes every spark from what made such an accomplishment. Part 2 never disappears from the ground, nor is his mental numbing dialogue. Worst of all, it's not that terrible. The 2006 upheaval followed the family that was found in the middle of the desert in New Mexico, abandoned, and picked up by disrupted and sadistic people one by one. People who, as a result of military testing of atomic bombs on their land many years ago, became those who are. Survive travelers wandering in the region. The sequel puts the audience in the same desert, now occupied by the army while secretly exploring the hills and what could have happened to that poor family. When a group of military trainees enter the camp, they are considered to be abandoned without signs of life. The dark reality will soon befall them, because they come to the realization that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been passed on to many before them will soon become their destiny. No need to be a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. But because last year's remake was well received both at the box office and the critics, there was no surprise that the sequel would have been hastened to produce while still having money to get. This time there is no rhyme or reason for it, just an incredible and funny setting that will open the way for thoughtless characters, non-original murders, non-existent story and slipping interest. Initially, the director Alekander Aja turned Craven's cult classic into a remake that was a unique and completely disturbing experience. The one who has abruptly crossed the border on several occasions. His sincere picture of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization and tension in white cowardice were efficiently used to shock and repel the audience. The second time around, this is repeated. No style, no gravel. He tries to raise his tension by breaking up his body, when all this really makes him there, he did such a film, where even the top looks even more pitiful than newer bloodshed. It is a sad state when deformed mutants that catch women for breeding fail to keep your attention. It's boring, nothing more. 'Hills' has no bite. Despite the jump or two, there is nothing terrifying about this horrible movie here and there. I feel like something you could see on the Sci-Fi channel, just with some F-bombs, spraying blood here and there, rape and a graphic birth scene that is more than shocking. That is cheap. And with 'Hills,' you reap what you sow. Without any effort, you can not expect anything in return. Replacing Aja with Martin Veisz as a director was the first big mistake of the movie, all he did was to exhaust the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusually bad script written by Ves Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how much could it be bad? This is a kind of dialogue that makes every comparison look like Shakespeare. The Craven had a fair amount in the past, but I would never expect something similar from him. So it's unintentionally funny, you have to wonder, does Craven play a joke on this? Or did he leave this to his son after his studio paid him? The characters of the film are one-dimensional heads that speak without emotion or common sense. The act is equally bad. The only character that can win you is Napoleon Napoli, a skinny kid who does not fit into others. Even the distorted wicked ones, who were instigated by the instinct, which we may have experienced in the deepest of our thoughts a year ago, came to indifference. Do not hate them, you do not like them. You really do not care. Just like this movie. Even if you have had fun with the fear of 'Hills Have Eyes', as I do, you will have difficult moments to find anything to enjoy this piece of garbage. It's generic as a generic, and here we absolutely do not see anything here many times. I can not say that enough to avoid 'Hills Have Eies II' as a plague. It's terrifying, notorious, angry and boring. Hold on to the remake or Craven's original vision. Because if you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
