I've seen this film about his release and I've been watching him 3 or 4 times, including last week. I'm sorry to have to be a voice of disagreement over the performance of Mr. Brang. This is truly a magnificent, sumptuous movie, let's not talk about an ambitious work longer than 4 hours - beautifully captured and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others work well. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there has ever been a project for a cast for the actor, that's it, and Mr. Branagh does not save anything in putting Ham to Ham. From the cascading throw (which gives us the worst performance ever of the infamous Jack Lemon), to the parts of a disturbing business that is thrown into the sense of "naturalness", its own performance that drives the scale of rejection of the most famous monologue in all literature to scream every line of others. His performance confirms that, although on the scene he can get better when needed more, he was never a big film actor. The Bureau of Landscape could be in charge of catering, g. Branagh eats so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people do not go to see Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger, which means nothing." And if there is a mistake in his direction, it is that he holds the camera firmly glued to his exaggerated effect. Regardless of the theories that people can put on Bard, he, after all, said a finished, drama writer. The glow of his performances lies in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "real" way to play his performances, there is certainly a great deal of acting, good acting and bad acting. Sam Shakespeare gives instruction to players in the text of Hamlet himself. It amazes me how this Mr. Branagh "uttered", but he did not hear it. It was an example of spending too much time to clarify how it will say something, and it is not enough to understand WHAT he is talking. While Mr. Branagh must have done a great job in setting up some fun productions, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His direction was always better than his acting. I still give him a huge merit for resurrecting interest in Shakespeare's recording. He set up an excellent template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on the stage, about 20 lines. But, I hope he will choose to direct more and less. Is it Worth Watching? For sure. There are many little joys in the film. But it's a long, long movie and, after all, it can feel less than it has enjoyed than it survived.
