This film is a portrait of Benjamin's half-spastic teen who has to visit the board due to poor grades in mathematics. Prior to that he did not get the best experience in life and got serious questions about self-esteem. After a rough start in his new school, he begins to get acquainted, falls in love with a girl, and does some American teenage stuff. Apart from some comedic elements, the film is being told in a very serious way. , focusing on Benjamin and his problems. If this story does not like you, save time and watch something else. If you do so, be aware of the following: 1) Benjamin is a total loser. Whatever he does, he is doing so terribly wrong, and then he is constantly going to self-pity. For me, he was not such a "charming loser" for whom you can feel sympathy and laugh. Instead, he and his behavior really upset me and I could hardly look at my teenage years not so far behind me. 2) The movie barely trying to be realistic and the story looks like my experienced characters are just not (except for Janos). And yes, I know that this film is based on autobiography written by a 17-year-old - but I had experience with German schools and German youth, I do not believe him. 3 Displaying sexual awakening is really an important thing for a movie with this topic. But I doubt that teenagers are doing "Ejaculate on cookies" - a competition in which everyone must hit a cookie with their sperm during massive masturbation in the forest and the loser must eat biscuits with sperm. Although this has somehow entertained me in a contemptible way, it is neither ridiculous to emphasize the serious attempts of this film. 4) There is a sub-plan of Benjamin's family and his father betrayed by his wife-and still, I do not know why he is here and where to put it. She just bored me. Well, I personally hated this movie because it had the character of Benjamin, without message, concept, scheme, anything and failed attempts to be dramatic and serious. However, I can imagine that some people seem to be reasonable and touching. If you liked the "Second Sister", you probably will like this. I hated both. 17-year-old boys should not write autobiography and if they do, it does not appear to be the best idea to make a movie out of it. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10.
