I suppose all the inner jokes made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was terrible, although it was probably a much better (and funnier) movie, given the funny story and nature of the characters. Maybe it just needs a real budget. Munchies, as many viewers have already pointed out, are some of Gremlin's parody. So, all references to the movie. The film begins sometime in Peru during archaeological excavations. An upsetting duff named Paul, an ambitious comedian who does not offer sarcasm or witty jokes during the film despite his career plans, is with his dad in the caves. His father is an unconventional type of archaeologist who searches for caves not for artificats or mummies or anything but proof of UF.O.'s. And there are Munchies. Hidden in the cracks of the rock is a ugly little mutant that looks like a rubber doll with a gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, they hide him in a bag and bring him home so that Pavel's dad finally can show evidence of extraterrestrial life. Paul, the idiot who he is, interrupts his promise to his dad to watch Arnold (the bet he made with his father, if he loses, it's at college in the community to get a 'real' career). The angry neighbors with a bad sag, Cecil (television veteran Harvei Korman) wondered what his neighbors are doing. So, he and his lazy son, some hippie guy (who looks more like being a cyclist or enthusiastic heavi metal) to go and get Arnold away. Why? Surely we get a fast fortune. And of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after several times crashing into Arnold, he multiplied in more Munchies. This was not even a movie that was so bad it's good. It was simply terrible. I was hoping Munchies would mutate and kill the morons that were always behind them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least this would be one of the ways to get rid of all the bad performances in this movie that really spoil the movie. Not to mention the bad effects that look like hand-made dolls. And really bad writing all over the place - it was not even ridiculous - even the young policeman who really can give you a kill in the eye. As I said, Munchies, if they got the right budget and better actors, they might have managed to pull a good parody. Pass.
