. . . And that's a bad thing, because at least if this was a Troma movie, it was rampant violence and a greater sense of anarchic abandonment that may have brought my rating. So what instead have a very pitiful (rated PG), a barely lukewarm, low budget (Roger Corman produced it with an unknown director who was then unknown) Gremlins (1984) / Critters (1986) - wannabe with almost exclusively humorous humor, a little logic that made Gremlins do so well - the logic of fantasy or not, no tension, no sense of adventure, and no violence or nudity to make up for it. Although I am sure that film problems are an inherent scenario - we face it, no one can deliver these jokes to be ridiculous - it seems that the biggest guilt must fall into the wing of the director, Bettina Hirsch . In more capable hands, Munchies could have been fun. After all, it begins as a large number of adventure films. Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in Peru on archaeological excavations. Simon is a little wacky archaeologist who always hovers about the theory of links between ancient sites and extraterrestrial civilizations. For example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser cutting of an ancient stone. So, they are in Machu Picchu seeking more evidence of Simon's theories when they occur at a secret chamber. Inside, they quickly found an animal that was later dubbed "Arnold", one of the titular munchies. They take Arnold home home in their little Californian desert city. Simon, who thinks that Arnold is probably an alien entity, has to go to a lecture by his colleague and plans to tell his colleagues that he finally has an alien copy. Paul and his extremely sweet girl, Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde), remain in charge of Arnold, but since they have not seen him for a long time, they leave Arnold uncontrolled while returning to the sack. In the meantime, Simon's brother Cecil (who also played Korman in a dual role), the owner of a successful snack product company, is eager to redeem Simon's home and land - they are near him. Simon does not want to sell, so Cecil guesses a scheme to steal Arnold. Things gradually get out of control, and munchies, who have some cunning to go with the craving for unhealthy foods, begin to flood the city. It is read better in the summary than on the screen. The best recordings in the film are those with natural scenery in the background, as when characters drive on the outskirts of the desert city. Interiors, apart from Cecil's house, usually look like badly arranged, cheaper sets, and more importantly, they show that Hirsch is not very skilled in blocking and uploading images. It's strange, given the lack of production design as a whole, Cecil's house is quite a jewel, fluttered like in the too-big style of the 1980s to the smallest detail, and Cecil's dad, Dude (Jon Stafford), was a fun counterpoint. It's a pity, therefore, that he got out so quickly from the film. In any case, Korman is a fun actor, but here it is much better to meet Simon than Cecil. Unfortunately, Simon ends with most of the movie. Cecil, who is physically different from ridiculous wigs and hair on his face, is not only the "evil capitalist" of the film, he is one of Korman's classic rampant, rude characters - it was one of his specialties, often used in "Carol". Burnett Shov "(1967) skits. Unlike" The Carol Burnett Shov ", which succeeded as directors Clark Jones and Dave Povers had a study way to push the sketches only to the edge of chaos, Hirsch stopped Korman too far, and Cecil's character simply did not Work as it should be. There are many other problems with the director, the smallest unusual tempo and editing that completely exhaust every possible uncertainty or the dramatic dramatic impact of the film. Even the scenes that are they should be horseshoes to boost the drama - like no They are, for example, when malefactors harass the old lady on the road - they are too clumsily assembled to have a lot of influence. There are serious logical problems with the story of what it is. Where came the munchie in the chamber in Machu Picchu: The movie trailer looks like an answer to this question, but it came out of the final clip. The more serious problem is that, unlike Gremlin, there is no clear reason why munchies move from sweet, fuzzy furball to dangerous monsters. It just happens. Further, because Munchies kept the PG, and the violence gradually declined, when creatures were in their monstrous stage, they never threatened. And they are easily dispatched, at least temporarily. However, the essence of the film is not uncertainty, horror, convincing drama or any other thing, but humor. It is intended more like Gremlins' gobbling and innumerable beats. The only problem with this is that the movie is not funny, although I laughed a few times. A surprisingly high percentage of jokes are mild clichés. Too much leftover material consists of non-sequesters. Given the bad weather from Hirsch, it all falls. There was a potential to create a movie that, while he was crazy, was both funny and terrifying, hilarious and disturbing, cheerful and tense, all the same, ala Killer Klovns from the Universe (1988). It's a shame that Munchies does not come close to it.
