Munchies begins in the deepest darkest Peru (it looks more like a clay road) where archaeologist Simon Vatterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon thinks that the ancient buildings of the Aztec were in fact control centers of spacecraft and he was on the mission to get evidence that extraterrestrial life forms had visited the Earth, while in such a structure reveals a strange little creature that holds in a backpack and returns home to the small American city of Sveetvater in California. Simon thinks that this creature is the proof he sought and for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the thing at home while he is going to share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Vatterman (again Harvei Korman) steals the creature so that his brother will not make any money out of it, but his idiotic pastor Dude (Jon Stafford) struggles with him knife, but the individual pieces are returned to separate little creatures that continue to cause much devastation among locals ... Directed by Bettina Hirsch this must be one of the worst horror comedies ever, if not the worst. The scenario of Lance Smith is so inconvenient that he is ill. Every joke in Munchies misses a target from a proverbial mile, I doubt that humor in this piece of shit would even attract pre-teens. It's just not funny in Munchies as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is shit, they just accidentally find this creature moving around without explaining what it is, why no one has ever seen it before, how it manages to learn English so fast, how to teach it, and so on. The whole thing is big. Gremlins (1984) got rid of any of the elements that made the film so good. The characters are stupid, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Ravls), Cecil wears a shameful wig and false mustache and his wife Melvis (Alik Elias) and much more. They are simply confused and funny, defying everyone to find any of these ruined garbage funny. Basically, Munchies does not seem spectacular to be either a comedy or a horror and end up hitting you, shit. Director Hirsch obviously worked with a low budget and it shows, the whole thing takes place in two houses, in the desert, in some caves and on a mini golf course. This is a really cheap and incapable recording. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really terrible, their real dolls are not moving, unless someone pulls out the rope by the camera. I can not say how bad the effects are, these things would not convince my four-year-old nephew (as I did yesterday!). Totally incompetent to the end, this movie is bullshit. Technically, the film is awesome, bad special effects, a lame production design, garbage bags and good, it's all bullshit. The acting is corrupt, from a cop to Korman that has two roles, both of which prove that he can not act and is not funny. Munchies is really a bad movie that does not succeed in anything to try, but surely look if you want I will not stop you, but just do not say that you were not warned! My advice would be to look at Gremlin again, but your decision is yours!
