It was not impressive enough to be really terrible, it was incredible lame. The story was not bad, but the execution was just terrible. For the start, it was too soon to get involved in what is going on emotionally. That was just bad. The dialogue was so inexperienced, only flat and boring. And the characters, almighty, made Deadpula annoying. How the hell do you say Deadpool is boring? He was not even funny. He was not crazy. He was just a boring guy with a pair of swords he did not even know how to use properly. Gambit was boring. And since when did he have a teleconisis so that the cards just float and fly around, or the super power to jump hundreds of feet into the air? And what the hell was with all stupid helicopter moves? I mean, we know that they are mutants, but they still exist in the field of physics. Round staff is not a helicopter blade, you can not fly a fast super-duper. Which Gambit could not have done it anyway. Not Deadpool, especially when you use it as a substitute for the real choreography of the fight. And this film is a proof that the work of the wire should be used only by combat coordinators who know VTH who work, and know better than using it in everyone. one. shot. As a replacement for the true choreography of the fight. Three of the finest fighter in Marvel Comics (Logan, Creed and Wilson), and some of the worst fighting choreographies I've ever seen in film recollection. It was as if the stunt coordinator only shrugged and left it all in the works of special effects. And then you broke out, with all those mutants who did nothing. Even the mutants that showed in their cells that they have the power (nice to see nodding), did everything when they came out. Only Emma-really-chrome-for-this-movie-Frost and Cyclops did something. Since when did Logan be so beautiful? And stupid, "The bullet will take away his memory." Do not you think that Xavier and X-Men would spot large bullet holes in his stupid skull when they X-rayed him X-ray? I'm sorry for the man Liev Schrieber, he brought good Sabretooth into consideration of the script. He made one of Marvel's simple super-villains feel real. But he could not preserve a film from his own epic lameness. Seriously, this was the level of "peasant". A decent story, good actors, an absolutely terrible execution.
