Most would agree that the figure of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in the history of comics. I'm not Marvel's expert, but I grew up with X-Men adventures and definitely approved Hugh Jackman's now-well-known portrait of humble Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, found the sequel too heavy and messy and I liked the third as a comic book. Through three films, I probably enjoyed Jackman more. I thought that the idea of ​​a film about the origins of Volverin could have been a better film than all three X-Men films. If we focus on one character, I realized that there could be a movie that accomplishes what I found that the other film failed - which is a rather complex and characteristic comic book adventure. The reason Volverine's film fails because competition is harder after The Dark Knight. It's not even for planning that is beyond the obvious and rudimentary - although it's certainly not good - no, it's because the movie does not bother at all. To begin with, this can not be considered a good party. There is something in action in this movie that appears as very, very automatic. Without major special effects or elements of uncertainty, and when one event will make you anticipate the next five, it almost feels like Uwe Bolla, who imitates the concept of an action / adventure movie that you've seen ten times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is not as terrible as a Bolshee piece, but when everyone talks clichés as part of a chain of events that is so standard, at least make a connection and that's certainly bad enough. But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, it makes you excuse yourself from many holes and character nonsense. I think you have found the most basic flaw in the title itself. I mean, "Origin". Really? What are the people behind this movie thinking of this title? What do they mean? Want to know the origin of Volverine? He grew up with his brother. They escaped from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, World War I and Vietnam and Vietnam. Why did they do it? Not yet known. In the end, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) becomes evil. "How?" you ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said I do not know !! The film does not explain. He is evil! "Yes, but ... you know," the origin "... Yes, that's the origin! I mean, in any case, they end up with a super secret team of elite soldiers-mutants, something with government, ho-hum. Volvie gets enough and leaves his brother Six years is a happy logger with a beloved person who ends up being a little helpless at a time when Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yes ... but ... why?" - Shut up! - and Volvie decides to be guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientists making him a metal war animal. He goes for all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends with erasing memory, Ks-Men is the first movie Out there It's the origin You can find it on the back of the DVD cover The real movie will tell you nothing else Without worthwhile action scenes without good heroes, evil guys or characters in general (lines from the audience on my couches: Fat suit! Token black guy! Oh, I give you 200 cash if that girl spends this movie ... to be Gambit ...? mmhm, that good ... uh -huh, right), not one line of unforgettable dialogue and zero lines to cover the shirt with, added that common nonsense that destroys credibility in general, you might forgive ... well, that sounds like a waste of time, is not it? Fans will check it, or they already have it. It has no stop. But if you like X-Men movies for something else, but because they were well-made and fun - take a look at them again and do not do your own services trying to look for origin where there are no.
