An immortal husband of a frank cereal. Generic superhero flick. CGI shovcase. Gavin Hood "A series of incredible events". Combinatorial iteration of mutant scenes for a battle characterized by a slow exposition that justifies the formation / decay of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare to be here, but clichés per minute was out of the chart: He received a scream while looking up at the sky and kneeling over the murdered girl. Commander of the army. Predictable double crosses. Revenge is required for the murdered lover. Erased memories. An evil character that reveals morality at the last moment. Wrong attempts to execute nemeses after they were defeated in a crowd. The lover is not really dead. The lover actually acts like a hero spy. The girl / spy actually falls behind the protagonists. Good people are working for antagonists to rescue abducted family members. The evil mastermind does not respect the promise of reluctant employees. A kind old couple takes care of a tired hero and are killed for their troubles. Certain deaths are avoided while third parties arrive on the scene before they hit. Heroes reluctantly joined the secret government agency. Leaving elite squad in protest of slaughtering innocents. Scientists are not able to control an indestructible machine for killing their own creation. An outdated but admirable government 'secret weapon' kills a better-off but soulless heir. The hero is moving away from the wreck and gasping for a while. Once everyone has given up, the heart monitor collects the pulse. The evil mastermind explains plans to see the hero no longer as a threat. Hero refuses to kill a defeated enemy because it is "better than that". Transparent comic relief figure makes hilarious inconsistencies and unusual comments. A cheerful psycho enjoys random killings. Almost indestructible Goliaths throw each other through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill an ordinary mortal. A man sends dozens of pistols to enemies with only skilled swords. Common sense and laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. The antagonist uses the murder of a loved one as an excuse for a wrongly guided cruise. I could go on, but this is just exhausting. If you are older than twelve and do not live in your mother's cell, it probably does not mean anything to you. Extremely depressing, not too far from money for superhero movies, so I refuse everything I wrote if you can not get enough genre.
