Where to start? As with the wrong synopsis: "The Origin of X-Men: The Wolverine tells the story of Volverine's epic violent and romantic past, his complex relationship with Victor Creed and the vexing program of Veapon Ks." /> His epic violent past proved to be extremely nonviolent. His relationship with Creedom is so covered that it's hard to understand how they have any connection at all. We are thrown from a point in the starting scene that portrays them as escaped children, mounting war scenes in which they fought over their long life, and ultimately to the present, in which they are part of the hardcore government team of killers. Nothing can be shown as brothers. Nothing complex has been set up to believe that it is authentic or even we love. The romantic element of the film between Silverfoon and Volverine was forced and sudden. We're thrown into a novel so fast that it's almost before you can blink. After just presenting the character, Silverfok was killed about fifteen minutes later. We still have a question why we would care about this. Who is she at all? For the key element of this story of a weakened revenge, the romance is surprisingly unexplored. He quickly arrived because he needed it. Strange, when Volverine reveals that his love is dead, he leaves in the woods to rot until he leaves to find Sabertooth. Being romantic, he was out of character for him, but he nevertheless had to serve a plot to pull back a very predictable surprise. As for the KS program for weapons, say, after a painful mockery, the Volverine procedure is started and running. In the end, a nice old but mostly beloved couple gets home. Surprisingly, Ma and Pa Kent are not upset when they find a sweaty sweaty man in a stable. Is it strange what kind of fate awaits them? In previous films and comics, the main reason why Volverine's amnesia torture was partly dependent on the fact that it was said that he was mean and malicious Knowing that this was indeed the case ... is it really wanted to remember such horrors or to hide them and to continue with their current positive way of combating the villains of the world together with their teammates? As indicated in X2: Ks-Men United when Striker gives up some of his secrets, it is said that Wolverine would be upset that he knew about the evil work they had done together. This film puts the team pretty well just that they really do not do anything. Without disturbing violence, without merciless action, they are only maltreating several natives in foreign countries for ten or fifteen minutes on the screen. It seems that Wolverine was not a wicked man under Stryker. Instead, he was constantly trying to put a leash on his brother Sabertooth, who was, therefore, a violent agent that we all thought was Volverine. In the end, he just leaves everything together. There is no duality conflict at all here. The idiotic we remove this conflict of character good and evil DULLERI story immensely. Maybe they gave him rubber claws. There have been many other errors in this film that are contrary to the X-Men trilogy, including the introduction of one of the weakest Deus Ek Machinas that has ever hit. Scenario. Worms that erase memory. Really? It is obvious that this is the only thing that can destroy Volverine. However, this is obviously forgotten when the agent is after the agent is sent to bring him down with the bullets and bombs that he will surely not work on. Another problem with this film is that he tried to focus on Volverine while throwing a ton of other mutants that did nothing for nothing. Interesting figures were just the windows of the window and did nothing for the story. Most of them were in the film for a maximum of 5-10 minutes, yet you wanted to see more of them and less than Volverina. Fred Dukes (Blob, but not a comic version) can break through the launched missile tank line with little or no physical damage to it, but a simple Volverines metal strike head is enough to strangle him? lasers) can burn through the buildings, but when they are directly fired at Sabertooth, they simply break it into the ground without damaging his clothes. Adamantium trench does not interfere with anyone? (Gravitational) mutant Gambit, instead of using its signature cards, turns into a kind of crazy acrobat. In a badly arranged scene, he is deserted by Volverine ... then it's amazing a few minutes later on the roof of TOVARDS Volverine. As he came back to consciousness, he escaped a few blocks, climbed onto the building, and then returned to the Volverine and Sabertooth amid scratches, the secret is still unknown. Some have justified it. film weaknesses claiming that it was made of comic books and that it should therefore be weak in character and heavy on the flashes. The idea that this film as a film is comical and superficial due to this fact is incorrect. The original material for the comics, the REAL origin of the Volverine ... is a story worth bringing to the screen. That sugar does not cover his past or treat the reader as a foolish CGI drug addict. It was a well-made story, and although it was recounted and adapted over time, it started with VEAPON Ks by Barry Windsor-Smith. Much more intense and exciting story. This FOKS film should be seriously forgotten. Anyone who has this magic pistol? 4/10
