Really. Does a Sunday go so that Oprah does not remind us that she was abused as a child? It is at the center of every interview. Oprah can not resist responding to the answer to any question she asks. Often interrupts guests before the answer is completed in order to insert your page or an anecdote. Directors are obviously instructed to focus on her reaction to the big plan, not on the faces of guests, because that's what matters - what Oprah feels, what Oprah says. Oprah, Oprah, Oprah. It's always about Oprah. Oprah says - I'm sorry, I was so poor. Feel the pain of my battle with my weight. Feel my pain when I turn away from the store's shop after they have already been closed. Feel good for buying my magazines and books. Feel good for my success. Feel good when you give me the grace to look good. Feel good that makes me rich beyond belief. My interpretation of her point of view: VI VIEWERS ARE ALL DEFENSE AND AVOIDES ANY DAILY COUNCIL. I have all the answers for your life, even though I have nothing in common with your plebes. I've never been married, nor do I want to be. I never had to raise a family - but I know all about it. I do not have much respect for men or marriage. I obviously prefer people like me compared to others - Witness "Ball Legends 2006". Gaile is my best friend, but we are not gay. Since 31.07.2006. The title on her web page actually reads: "Oprah.com is your leading source of information about love, life, yourself, relationships, food, home, spirit and health." How suspicious and disgusting is it? In June 2006, she collapsed two private wedding festivals in Oklahoma to collect recordings for September 2006 broadcasts. He constantly promises to quit television, but her iapfest pulls out of sight in the end. Contrary to what she thinks, Oprah is neither queen nor goddess, nor in a personal mission from God. She is just a very happy black woman with overweight, who copied Fil Donahue's style and called her own. She was accidentally in the right place at the right time and she knew exactly how to suck up a real demographic group. Oprah is P.T. The Barnum of this age is astounding to me that people can not see through its facade. So ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls and you are too much Oprah if you can fit that bubbly ego through the door - This way to a great exit ...
