It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no thought in his pretty little head. Do you wonder why he chose Shu Ki for his husband? Shu (or is it Ki?) Does not appear in this. Instead, we'll get a mysterious Io Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by her song in the end, she's a pop star just like a girl who serves you on Rockin 'Curri's "actress" - and lost to Tadanoob Asano, typically a quality indicator, who is asked to do nothing, but stands there and looks like a mummy Asian hipster, and is too old to do it. Hou philosophy? Life is a limb, nothing much, feel it and go on. I would like to do this, but Hou does not give us anything to feel at Cafe Lumiere, in addition to a senseless photo essay on life in Tokyo, Circa 2003, and the stunning observation that people ships that pass by at night do not make trains that they pass the day, never connecting, each time to their destination, usually some variants of a dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they get lucky. Iikes. Flowers from Shanghai is one of the richest, technically accomplished and enchanting films of all time. How could the same director who created the initial recording of this film, which has about twelve actors who talk at a speed of 10 minutes - an impossible directing venture - trapped by making this laconic sub-yarms pornography of reality for two films in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be dead, but at least it has two large footage, images that point to Hou's true title as film equivalent Odilon Redon: These photos are a scene of sex with arrhythmic blinking lights and the opening of Shu Ki's photo down the blue corridor. His M.O. while it seems that Cafe Lumiere removed two great images from Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You will be a judge if it sounds attractive. Hou does not have to improve - you can not improve the idea of ​​the limb away from the Flower of Shanghai. It needs to be expanded, leaked outdoors, to free the inner expressionist and genre revitalizer that so absurdly disperse about clichéed minimalism. It's time he made the Akri remake or something like that. This kind of artistic film in which actors need to be authentic because they stick it impersonally in a long recording and speak in a monosillable, is now certainly safe, ghettoed and stagnant as a Hollywood action blockbuster. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop chattering.) Then, again, in 2005, she brought big budget films as different and rich in ideas like Aeon Fluke, Island and King Kong, it's now safe to say that even Michael Bai has surpassed Hou, and that's really sad. The good news is that, although Hou is in his 50's, I honestly seem to me that he did not even start. There are a few moments in this film that show that the promise is still present, as there is a bite in the bookstore when the room is reduced to the bloody sunset, while Hitot talks about babies with goblin faces. But no matter what fears keep him, no matter how pleasant it is to make the same movie over and over again and to be praised by the gullible and pretentious as the savior of the film, Hou, your time as dear to Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and everything else that is film The festivals are almost finished, and people get to your doubt quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoian. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now writing out both of these boring scams that will forever come out of their dark tunnels. Rewrite your shirt on sci-fi ep, sell out, be rebuked - but leave social critiques to people who have no eye or heart. Let your artistic talent be fully expressed. Otherwise, you will not get out of the limb.
