I'm relatively boring in the transcendent work of the author's film, Iasujiro Oz, whose masterly underestimated views on Japanese life, especially in the aftermath of the Second World War, illuminate universal truths. Having seen several of his significant films, such as 1949's "Late Spring" and "Tokyo Story" from 1953, I am convinced that Oz had a particularly idiosyncratic gift of transmitting the spectrum of feelings arising from the intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle images. Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien tried to honor Ozu at the centenary of this widely known 2003 film. Among the co-writer T'ien-ven Chuom, Hsiao-hsien seems to receive visual effects, but does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would make glacial pacing tolerable. The story relates to Ioko, a young Japanese writer who explored the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Ven-Ie from the mid-20th century in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan, where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of typed characters, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Iok's friend Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, has an obsession with trains and seems to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this thin plot line with a series of shots that hold for unusually long steps when changing the frame composition. There are also long silences, as well as plenty of scenes with trains. Although these techniques are in accordance with Oz's style, Hsiao-hsien can not enter characters in the psyche as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatrics, especially the Iok's condition is rather rude in the scheme of the presented drama and the reaction of her parents was overrated passive to be interested. In fact, the entire film has an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes the movie endless. The performances are unobtrusive, but difficult to remember. The star of J-pop music Io Hitoto brings natural ease to Ioku, while Tadanoob Asano is something that is a code like Hajime. Other characters are barely able to register, even Nenji Kobaiashi and Kimiko Io as Iok's parents. The filmmaker Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work even though he violates the basic Ozu film rule by keeping the camera stable during shooting. Hitot talk-sings an exciting pop song that is used through final credits, "Hito-Shijian". The DVD contains the documentary "Metro Lumiere" which lasted for an hour and which actually helps to access the film in the context of Hsiao-hsien. Includes excerpts from Oz's films, especially Cancer Ekvinkos, to show parallels with this film, although surprisingly there is no mention of "Tokyo Talks" or "Early Summer", an obvious basis for some scenes and situations. ups. There are also footage of the Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien interviews, as well as a movie trailer.
