"Creepshov 2" is slightly more than a pale imitation of the original, designed for a little bit of purpose other than re-naming the name of the previous film. It even reinforces the defects of its predecessor, which was often predictable and difficult. However, for the first time, there was enough excitement to make up for a periodic slowdown, which resulted in uneven but overall rather entertaining efforts. The continuation has several important moments, so the transparency of the story is even more obvious. From time to time it is delivered, but most of the time only remains there. As in the original, all the stories are about the common theme of revenge and only desserts. Woody Indians revive, refreshing the killers of their owner. Teens devour the water monster. Stoper returns from the dead to lead a careless driver. None of these assumptions are in themselves bad, but they lack inspiration. There are a few surprises and no fear. This is a textbook example of a non-motivated movie number creation. It does not help make this cheap movie suffer from a straightforward directing style, but to be honest, there was not much work to do. In the end, the other story is the best, but not much. In most cases, performances are at best okay. George Kennedy, as an unhappy owner, seems to be an adequate, if not particularly inspired job. Dorothy Lamour, on the other hand, is pretty good as a driver with guilt, causing sympathy for her condition despite the predictable, redundant material. However, most characters are pretty thin. Someone would have thought that "Creepshov 2" would be better shown. George Romero, who directed the original, returned to the script, based on Stephen King's stories. The make-up artist, Tom Savini, turns into a good, bloody work. Why is the film desperate? I guess Romero did not really want to make another movie, but he was forced to do it for financial reasons. It was a decade of horrific sequences, clones, clefts and much more, so this was inevitable. I can imagine that the guy writing the script in a hurry pick up his paycheck and escape. I suppose he had to do what was necessary to finance his projects; we can not blame him. <br /> <br /> Rating: * 1/2 (out ****)
