CREEPSHOV 2 is a misplaced continuation of the original text of George Romero (CREEPSHOV). Every sequel to Romer's film that has not been directed by Romero has some great shoes to be filled, mainly because of fans of Romero who think that he is God. I did not care much about the first film and it was funny enough, I do not care about continuing. The film series had so much potential, but it was short-lived because both films were less than stellar. The biggest problem with CREEPSHOV 2 was that he had only three stories (excluding the story between), and since the first story was too incredible, it left the chance for nearly half of the movie to be really good. I saw CS 2 in movies, and the first segment was a real sigh. Everything dramatic with George 'I Can not Act' Kennedy was automatically condemned to failure, and the story of the Indian statue was too silly and simply did not belong to this sequel. So after a really banal and boring start, there are only two other stories left to reverse the fiasco abortion, and unfortunately two other stories were not big enough to forget the first story. RAFT and HITHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because although the other two segments have their moments, they still fell. The two last stories are basically extended. It was not that I wanted the stories to happen at a fast paced speed and to end quickly, but both good ideas found in those stories were canceled by the fact that they were slow and subdued and eventually fell when segments had to be more energetic, more irregular and with punchier finishes. Also, if the last two stories were not stretched to insert a movie or all three segments were short with better editing and direction, they could add to the bunch the necessary fourth story. With just three padded segments made for a boring feast. The acting and writing in the segments of RAFT and HITCHHIKER are from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. This is probably her best moment on the screen, next to the role of Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and NINTH DEATH. But even her role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the useful direction and the unfocused story. Do we need to hate her or make her feel comfortable? Should we be sympathetic to boring carriers? If other authors on the road found the body of an autostoper, what was it when he attacked Chile? Was it a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body ultimately leave the presence of other people who found him dead to attack Chile? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the ending is pretty boring and unpleasant. As for the infamous RAFT story, the acting is mainly on the horrible side and none of the characters is cute or interesting. The characters would be more interesting if the actors played their own. None of the actors is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than a dumb player who plays, and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not as convincing as a typical whore. It looks too shy. The same could be said with two others who play "ordinary" teens. The idea of ​​a deadly oil stain is interesting and creepy, but it is not well performed. There should have been a fifth figure in the story, perhaps a homeless or ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about the oil stain and could be some kind of alter ego monster. As terrible as the oil stain, it does not make it a convincing "character." And the way the story ends, everything seems meaningless. No way. Apart from several exciting aspects that always make boring things worthwhile, watching CREEPSHOV 2 in the theater was basically a waste of money and time. CS 2 has more rental materials than something you pay to see on the big screen.
