Perhaps I'm not a big fan of the original "Creeps", but his trashy sequel makes anthology look like perfection! And to think that I'm going into this, expecting me to like this even more. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns to the EC Comic style track, and on this pencil is a script for three Steve King's stories. Although, the route surrenders to Michael Gornick. The film mostly falls in that aspect with the uneven brushes created by Gornick. But most of the blame should be on Romer's terribly static and unbearably modest scenario (especially in those dialogues that went through the first and final story). Moralist messages (which came mainly from acid piles of characters) were simply taken by black humor. Oh, that was painful, and the same can be said for lively, rotten music that follows the picture. The loose connection of three stories (Old Head of Wooden Head, Raft and Autostoper) together is a mildly interesting and effective story of joining in the form of nostalgia (80s). I loved this segment more and Creep's wise character was a great light. # The first story of "Old Chief Voodenhead" sees two older owners (George Kennedy and Dorothy Lamour) from the general store in the dying community, Dead River. Looted and eventually killed by a couple of punkers who are dying to live in Hollivood. In front of the store there is a wooden statue of an Indian boss who comes to live to revenge their death. -Please listen to George Kennedy's waffle ... and flick out for 10 minutes on how he is dedicated to his 'great' community. How nice is the sensitive time. Well, just as Kennedy says, this is one monotonous colorless and overly exhausted item that never makes a good premise. A powerful scenario is obvious and performances are appropriate. These two factors really contributed to my headaches. When the Indian revives and turns a vengeance, pigeons face a very fast (though terrible) death. The effects are commendable, but what about this free hair. How could Hollivood be able to put down that hair lock? Ugh! # The second story "Raft" follows a group of smokers and teenagers heading towards a hidden lake. After swimming to the raft in the middle of the lake, they were trapped on the platform because of the evil creature lurking in the water. Now this is much better, MUCH better. What begins with teenage teenagers turns into a mysteriously creepy environment that is full of clutter and claustrophobic tension. And it does not even exhaust the flash of nudity or defiant spatter. It's pretty morbid, and it also applies to the sense of humor. The surprisingly ironic end has a wonderful touch. Performances from anyone are acceptable without a huge rating. Gornick's direction is held by a nasty and rather boisterous side. While the alarming music scene pushed right chords right away. The creature resembling the sludge in the lake (as many have mentioned) looks like a tiny black tarpaulin (to read it right!) Which floats on the water. At the end of number three ends with "The Hitchhiker". A rich but sexually non-existent woman returns home after she is with her male stamp, but she is late. Reflecting on some ideas that would explain her delay, if necessary, she slipped off the road and accidentally hit the car. Instead of checking or receiving help, she goes hoping to return home to her husband. It will soon be terrorizing the damaged body of the dead autostop. - It's not terrible, but I did not get into this funny funny activity at all. Compared to the first two, this was a very different tone and tried instead to scare the ridiculous bone. Lois Chiles was fine in the main role, but those constant assurances and the little conversations she had with them had become sadly aggravating and completely tired. The lively effects of makeup are well displayed and drip with vision. When it hits the car, it's when it becomes hectic, cheesy and over-the-top in its execution. From here, we endlessly hear how our supposedly dead autostoper repeats and repeats ?? and repeat the line, "Thank you for driving!" This happens every time he decides to overtake him. Have some kindness to the dead dear. All in all, the second short story "Splav" and the unpleasant, well-conceived effects are what raises this extreme inferior sequel.
