We were all there, we sat with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terribly it was made and how the acting was bad; In the end, the credits turn around and everyone is turning around and say, "How is it possible that such a film was made? Who paid the money to make this scenario in a feature film?" So Jigsaw is not such a movie, but to ask how this waste is calculated, you wonder why the producers were thrown out of the cannon to the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or imagined, it comes from a guy who saw stories of fire and lake. The film begins in some kind of college, which class I'm not sure, but it's meant to be a class of art. Now these guys got a final project from their idiotic teacher, five of them got the pieces of the model and they were told to design it in any way that suits them, and since there are only five pieces that other students in the classroom receive and automatically A, which is weird that there are only six students in the whole class so that one goth chic gets a free A, good for her! Last week and five students, plus a teacher, plus one husband's brothers, meet at the bar and talk about their project and finish their project, put pieces together, head, hands, legs and inform others why they chose their specifics, now these creative geniuses have used the week to full advantage, one puts the saw blade in the left hand, the other gets a saw with a shotgun, the right leg gets a bunch of broken ceramics and the left cut off newspaper, the head is the worst the camera is in the eye, ala Hellraiser 3, with some rockets for bottle for stylish mo-havk. After everyone has begun their courage about their specificities, now the drunken teacher says he will burn a doll, now appropriately named Jigsaw. By this time, it was a standard movie that was terrible, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it was still pretty credible, but after Jigsaw burn, things turn around for the worst ... The jigsaw is coming alive. to ask? I have no idea, it just works because the writers could not come up with a realistic way of staying a living plastic of two kilograms (Come on guys, the flash of lighting, traveling a priest Voodoo, everything could work.) So, when Jigsaw is alive, he uses his new the ability to walk very slowly and stiffly, using his shaped fingers to seek out the desolation. First he killed a cool guy with a wire, this guy who wanted to climb a hot chick, decides that beer from the country in the distance is more important than what is in front of him. With him, Jigsaw killed a sexy girl in the face, then gave the old man a heart attack with a slight twist in his head. The jigsaw then kills a rolled-up guy with some headless deception. Did I mention that Jigsaw took parts of the body from his victims to make a human version of himself? Not! It does not matter that they do not even show his spooky creation, they do not even show him to steal a torso from his poor creators (Maybe he was trying to create the head of a Detective from In Living Color). So, after these five were killed, the teacher and the reluctant girl were all who remained, the teacher realized that Jigsaw needed only a head to finish his masterpiece, because he is still uninterested in this torus thing. So he is a coward, the teacher connects a girl as a victim to Jigsaw who comes just to go for a teacher with his electric buzz stamp, which is not even included. you will even see a teacher killed or what happened to a girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw was alive or how he burned himself after burning. This film is so embarrassing that you can see it, that's just 71 minutes so it's a small part of your day; For memories of life, Awesome, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge has ruled, watching Jigsaw only if it seems that your plans for the separation of genitals play.
