This film really disappointed me. The acting is terrible. Incredibly. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors play the Puzzles game and in turn start to live the lives of the characters they play. Lately, I watched a lot of movies, thanks to Netflick, and this is the first I have not watched for a long time. I felt that I did not have to see the end; We all know the end of this story. For some, it seems, this "modernization" of the gospel is either sacred or enlightening. I can not speak with anything, because I was not raised in a Christian church. In view of this, I grew up in the United States and live in all Christian culture. I am sufficiently curious about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for the better or for the worse. I did not see Mel Gibson's version, but I suppose it will appeal to those who loved it, except the most conservative. I just want this to be a better movie. Many of these reviews praise Arcand's direction, especially cinema. I did not even like it. The film itself is quite prudent and discerning. I did not believe that personality characters and I were never involved in their life on the screen. The performance in the show is very outdated and I would not, I mean, be wearing my own weight in production in real time. But that does not matter. What I really needed to do was make a stronger development of characters and complications to support the philosophical and theological questions that the film would like to be. And music choices are obvious and non-original. There were two examples of this which are easy to come by. First, the reenactment is a parable about Jesus who launches lenders from the temple: the main actor, who fell for a woman who will play Magdalen and who is also a model and dancer, is frustrated that she must be embarrassed at the audition for advertising (with a ruined producer and a lot of panting men in the audience) with their pants off. He runs the place and searches them all. I suppose it is the level that a film wants to reach. The romance between these two groups is quite arbitrary and is not emotionally realized at all and the scene is played as a high school view of the death of a trader, Not well. Please, stop hitting me with this high "character" on my head. The second is the relationship between the other female leader and the priest who asked them to play, and who ultimately turn against them and betray them to today's corrupt Church. Why. Why sleep with this guy. "It brings him so much satisfaction and it hurts so little to me." Ah, a savage whore and a lovely old fox. It seems that this is only enough for Arcand to label, but not worth the effort to enrich and revive these characters. They go through the movements and I'm looking for a throw button. Feel free to write me as boring, exhausted or simply not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and watch Passion, in all its beauty, sorrow and inspiration, as an amateur and deceptive charade. Feel free to make sure that all your pre-created ideas are confirmed and you see that any neglected artistic integrity is left behind for monotonous confusion. But do not say I did not warn you.
