It's hard to say whether Noonan and Marshall are trying to mimic Abot & Costello, Martin and Levis, Curleia and Larry, or some other comedy team, but whoever they were, they tried to imitate, they failed. She barely smiles at this incredibly stupid picture. Noonan (who helped write the alleged "scenario") and Marshall do not have any chemistry; Marshall seems to be trying to find Dean Martin, a type of hellish cold, but he does not come close. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but being ridiculous certainly is not. He seems to think that his pounding with his hands and feet is full and stinging stupidly at all and the height of the screen comedy; maybe it is for him, but not for the audience. I remember seeing this in the movies when it came out. He was at the bottom of a double account with three-year-old Jeff Chandler in the West ("The Pillars of Heaven," which was pretty good) and a short movie Three Stooges ("Sappi Bullfers", who was not), and about 20 minutes into this thing all the kids in the audience threw things on the screen; It was so astounding that it did not even measure up to the worst of the three short pants. I stayed there for the rest (not that I wanted it, but my guys did not need to pick me up until the film was over), and until the moment the mess ended, I was the only one in the theater. I saw her again about 15 years on the cable of one night, and I stuck to watch it to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing for her was Julie Nevmar, who was as warm as ever; Apart from her, this thing is absolutely NIŠTA that she recommends. The two also play japanese soldiers, and the way in which they make it make the shameful playing of Japanese characters Jerry Levis as a thick, tooth, confused mental defect that look benign in comparison. Marshall continued to host "Hollivood Skuares", and Noonan continued to make efforts to shoot movies, but most of them were almost as bad as this one. Not really, although I do not think anything could be as bad as this. Truly pathetic loss of the film. Do not waste your time on it.
