"Kings and Queens" is a French drama that is endless for two hours and thirty-two minutes without any apparent purpose. The film contains two stories that at first glance look unconnected, but ultimately connect to half the film. The former are turning around Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an elderly father who finds out that he has only a few days left to live. The second story includes a young man named Ismael, a violinist who, unjustly, is thought to have been placed in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling for some time on separate tracks, these two narrative series finally met when we learned that Ismael was the former lover of Nora and the man she had chosen to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic relationship. With a bit more focus and a significant amount of rationalization, "Kings and Queens" may have been a powerful, amazing drama about modern days. There must be moments of enormous insight and emotional power, and the performances are mostly complex and touchy. But, viewed as a whole, the movie intervenes and maunders to the extent that, quite frankly, he begins to search for our patience and to exterminate his welcome early. Even more disturbing is the fact that, although we spend what seems like a slight eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know exactly what to do from them when it is finally over. For example, Nora's father, on a deathbed, writes a cruel criticism against the character of his daughter who simply does not pray with the woman we look at for more than two hours. Nora, of course, is not Mother Theresa (then, again, who is it?), But she certainly does not deserve the murder that her own father had thrown on her. Nora can be accused of being confused, indecisive, sometimes complacent, but enough evil that her father wants her cancer and makes her die in his place? I do not think so. Perhaps this movie is simply working at a depth level that I could not figure out. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have trouble explaining their purpose here. This is a well-acting, pretentious boring movie that the viewer leads to a long journey through the sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that ultimately leaves him wiser or enlightened than he was at the beginning.
