"Rois et Reine" is a vast array of films that will probably irritate as many spectators as they enjoy. She turns alternately to former lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) because each of them faces a great crisis in her now separate lives. While Norina's story plays a straight and dark tone, Ismael plays mainly for laughter, although it's not particularly fun. The Norine crisis causes the terminal illness of her father, Maurice Garrel and Ismael, by his sudden closure to a psychiatric hospital on the mysterious third party incentive. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who shaped Norin's life, and in turn formed it, and the most prominent second is her now deceased first lover Pierre and their young son Elias. As the events of the past and the present are being played for the audience, and the former lovers get intertwined once more in the lives of others, it gradually turns out that Nora's personal view of her life story may be less reliable than she first encounters. The cult director Arnaud Desplechin here created a significant peculiarity, one that earned great praise in France. He deliberately avoids the established narrative convention and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. That this approach is based on a coherent, unifying basic idea or topic that may have worked, but in the end it is not clear what Despatch's film actually is. The heavy allusions to Greek mythology and Freud's theory are obviously overburdened with meaning, but at least for this uneducated film gossip, they remain less helpful in illuminating and interpreting the lives of characters. In other cases, the treatment goes to the kitsch, but the use of the anode "Moonlight River", such as a movie melody, suggests that this is probably intentional. ** Connection Warning ** I suspect that the main theme of the movie is not exactly the original observation that the way we see ourselves can radically differ from what others see or even how we think others see us . This idea is most apparent in the film of the violent death of Pierre and the discovery contained in Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately both appear to be completely separate from what was otherwise revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis's relationship with Nora. . It looks like a defect of Desplechin's part, as if to place the idea in an immediate form, instead of illustrating it more subtle in the natural course of narration. One or two dark surreal touch implies the existence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of people who are terrified, but again they feel more like pretentious decline in the techniques of creating a film, rather than eruption from a deeper reservoir of truth of a peculiar story. In fact, for all his heavy handwritten hints at depth, the characters are unusually underdeveloped and uneven, as if they function more like codes for many of the creator's ideas about people, and not as real people. Much of the details of their lives seem arbitrarily applied, not organic. For example, Ismael, as we always recall, is a viola player, but has gone more than two hours before we really see him or hear how he plays, and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never elaborated. So, he could be a marine biologist or an artist trapeze. Amalric brings a certain manic charm unheed but ultimately a common sense Ismael, but I found Devos that is attractive and monotonous (which can be deliberately, however) as an elusive Nora. In the meantime, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Volliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Voch as a psychologically wounded but defiant synologist who is hospital adherent, has the greatest influence among actors who support him. And Catherine Deneuve is in this, although her role is a bit more than a self-referential team. Ultimately, "Rois et Reine" is a largely acquired taste. If you can not push the buttons, it's very likely that Desplechin's undisciplined and floral approach will frustrate and resent even when you continue to watch.
