This is another feature of 'people against insects / eco-horror'; a theme that was popular in the late 70's. Only you can not call it horror. It has zero uncertainty and no terrible events. In other words: this movie is pretty scary. Not that it's really bad or something; It's very boring. A building near the hotel reveals a large nest of ants. We later learned that, probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite became toxic. Some people bite and go to the hospital and it takes time for the hospital's residents to understand what's going on. Robert Fokvorth first discovers it, and then you can see him blinking with a bathing machine for what looks like a few hours. Then he escapes to the house, waiting to be saved. And, man, you should see all the efforts they have made to save them. I will not get too bad, but at one point they even use a big helicopter. All the while I watched this, I sat and thought: "Come on, people, you all have shoes. Just run away from the building. I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch you." It's all pretty funny. Naturally, during the entire film, many large planes of creeping ants are shown. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: The ants crawl through the faces of the people as the actors breathe through the straws. But when you see groups of ants in a wider frame, they really look like a black rice that the designers are glued to the wall. No, it has nothing to do with the twist in the plot. Brian Dennehi appeared as the chief firefighter. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEVOOD MANOR, but my copy is read by ANTS, and the title during the opening is PANIC AT LAKEVOOD MANOR. That's it. Now, since this has been made for a 70s TV film, I will again be extremely mild in the finals. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another 1976 "Insect People" TV show was much better than this. I even feel I have to go back and add a few points to his rating after I saw ANTS. In the absence of uncertainty, action, excitement, shock, and creepiness, the only thing you will leave after watching ANTS is boring itching.
