MONSTER - He was great; I liked the special effects that created this monster that looked like an updated version of "The Creature From The Black Lagoon". The scenes with this beast wander around the earth and capture people ranging from good to fork. SOCIAL COMMENT: The big part of the story takes place in the quarantine area as doctors (at the government's order). that the disease is similar to SARS. In short, we got a famous story of concealing the government. You know, I expect this liberal paranoid way of thinking with Hollywood films to always paint our government as corrupt, but Koreans seem to copy the format, and this is very tiring. It takes away the excitement and uncertainty of this "monster" here. Just pulling the movie. The main family in the film must look from afar as a young girl in their family, presumably dead, dragged on those creatures. MORAL: Typical "does not pollute water" because this can happen - a terribly mutated monster. " It used to be a message against the 1950 nuclear bomb that caused ghosts of ants, spiders, fish, or anything else in these science fiction films. Now his "environmental issues" are in focus. HUMOR This is mostly stupid. I usually laugh at the slapstick, but it was not funny. I do not know if the Korean sense of humor is so poor, or the film deliberately tried to be an ultra-banana by taking old Godzilla films. Let's hope this is the second. TRANSFER - Video transfer was good. This was a sharp picture, and the sound was decent with a lot of sounds in the back of the speakers. I watched this in Korean with English subtitles. It may have been a mistake because the Korean throaty voice sounded unsettling after half an hour. TOTAL - this was promised, but it turns out that this is a big disappointment, and even boring in too many places, is unforgivable for a modern monster movie. Two hours was too long for this story. As this film attracted records in Korea, I do not know. They must not have many ways that movies can enjoy and support them.
