Gvoemul (host) - Due to the pollution of the river, Han mutates the beast to the rampage. The youngest member of the Park family is abducted from the beast, and the rest of her family is to find it, before it becomes the latest meal of the beast. First I love monstrous films: mutated bears, oversized alligators, packets of piled Komod's dragons, all that. The creatures are my favorite type of Horror movie. So, I really wanted to love the House, but that was not the case. There were three major problems: First, one can see a short look at the IMDb page Genre: Action / Comedy / Drama / Fantasy / Horror / Sci-Fi / Thriller Too damn genres. It was too serious to be a comedy, but it was still too bright to have any real message (although it seemed to be trying to make some sort of statement. Anti-pollution, anti-American or anti-government). The drama is lost and mixed in a confusing mish-mash with all the other styles. Second, after an initial monstrous attack, nothing is going on almost the entire film. The central family is wandering in search of its own, while the governments of Korea and America obviously do nothing. And that's it, they just wander, occasionally hitting each other, probably because of comedy. This lack of action has distracted my attention, and it seems that he has done the same for the director, while a whole series of actions have not been resolved (the mysterious plague invented by the evil Americans has been completely forgotten, and never resolved). And finally, the film is clumsy political. She paints the Americans as stupid and evil, but does not give us more American characters or deeper than the drawing. The introductory scene has the most obvious stupid American and wise Korean moment. With a Korean assistant in the morgue, asking his boss, coroner, not to take the chemical into the Han River. The American coroner is all maneuvering, as he ordered the assistant to continue. Apart from being racist, it's lazy film work and no excuse for that. On the plus side, the monster is good, the kind of blend The Relic and the Deep Rising. Some of the effects of movement are pretty cool, and the initial pursuit of monsters through the park is fun. In the film there are some nice shots. Some of them remind me, strangely, in the way Firefly was shot (trembling cameras, out of focus, etc.). In the end there is a beautiful scene, where the hero and the boy who saved him are sitting in the family. mobile food stand. Night and snow fall, the street lamp gives a cold light, but warm food comes from the food stall. Overall, I was really disappointed with this film. I was pleased with the decent movement of the creature, and instead I got a pseudo-political, horror-comedy. Looking at comments on the IMDb, I can not help but I think that if it was American production, it would have been foreseen. Just because this foreign movement does not mean it was good. In recent years, there have been some great films in Korea (for example, trilogy of revenge and fraternity), but this is certainly not one of them. Once for remake. Strengthen direction, improve scenarios and this could be a good movie. In fact, it's not worth a couple of hours of any time.
