What this movie does well is a combination of action and horror with comedy and drama in a unique way that causes more emotions than the audience than a typical horror movie. Unfortunately, with unconnected narration, frustrating complications and contradictory scenes, this film has most frustrated me and is hardly the "greatest monstrosity ever." We start from good things: comedy, acting and special effects. From the very beginning, this film begins quickly and brazenly. The starting scene - the origin of the monsters - is rocky and fast, paying tribute to the classic 'ecological' catastrophes that have produced so many other monsters. Pacing is fast, a welcome break from the long and often meaningless dramatic scene from other monsters, and allows the movie to jump right into action. Within 10 minutes, you get 'why', 'where,' and 'how,' beast, and you're ready for action. In this movie they are shown. After another short and well-recorded series, the characters are introduced: lazy son and his premature girl, good grandfather and talented sister (aunt) and, of course, a monster. The characters are introduced into the context of each other and their conflicts are presently apparent, allowing the audience to feel for them when the monster suddenly appears in order to ravage the area of ​​the river where they live and work. The monster that I look great looks like: an alien, and yet familiar - somehow like a dog and a fish that squid has pulled out. The effects of the creatures are unrivaled and although it looks weird, it's convincing and at no time can you see the 'wires' in the movie. Even the movement of the monsters was terribly known, like the growing and excited rottweiler on the linoleum, the monster broke through the crowd, slid through the surfaces, crushed and eating the ones on its way. When the path of the monsters crosses with the family, and the tragedy lasts, it's a really painful moment, and you can feel the need for revenge, but from there the film appeal begins to open. The film quickly loses focus and continuity. Lines are introduced, then abandoned, characters change position for no reason, and comedy intertwines into dramatic scenes that confuse intent, while obstacles appear and disappear seemingly randomly. As for comedy, let me say this: I'm ready to accept that much of the humor is probably cultural. I do not know Korean humor, so things may have been lost in translation. However, as an Asian college study and as someone who lives in Japan for the last five years (still here) I would like to think that I have a better understanding of Asian humor than the average white man. I was told that there were many parts of the movie that I realized they should be ridiculous, but for me it was not. ***** burial; Everyone is mourning. A new character is introduced - a brother - and the tension is raised even more, as it becomes obvious that these two brothers are in contradiction. Both begin to mourn for their loss and end up in competition with each other over who is tending. This competition, in its essence, is ridiculous: two brothers who do not like each other so much that they even compete in the funeral - this shows the barbed nature of family love common in Asian comedy. This subtle comedy that entertained the family and ritualized sadness should have been ridiculous, but it seemed truly unreasonable in the context of the lost girl. ************** END SPOILER ************** <br /> <br /> Then come holes for the land. there are so many points in this film that are never explained, or, worse, they explain and disturb them only in order to eventually prove impotent and meaningless. Finding an obstacle is not an obstacle can be a good thing for a character, but you would expect some comment on that nature. Instead, the audience is entertained by anti-climax moments when problems are no longer 'there' and nobody makes any indication that this has ever been a problem. That's why I'm asking you: why do you mention it at all? This was prevalent through the film, as the problems caused new problems, and suddenly the film world was filled with opposing forces that were never solved. Of course, the introduction of new and bigger problems is a tradition of the told story, but if the introduction of a new port leads to the forced shortening of the other, it would be expected that the new arch will receive a complete explanation. Not in this movie. Instead, as if you were given several stories, each explained only 20% of the road, and eventually, parts never converge to complete the whole. Again, I am ready to accept that much can be 'cultural'. Perhaps it is in the Korean tradition of telling the comedy to be tragedy. It may be normal for stories to cross over a child who colors off the lines on each page, but never ends. It may be ok to present a problem to develop a plot, but then remove the problem randomly without any visible solution or catharsis. Or maybe all of these are the features of miserable work and bad narration in a movie that seems to have a much better reputation than it deserves.
