The only thing I liked in this movie was that it was enough enough to keep me in place until the end ... I thought maybe on a NEXT scene of things ... Those who love Gus Van Sant's films - especially his later ones - you'll probably like it. Personally, I think Van Sant's films are boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was the executive producer for this movie, so it's no surprise that the movie could almost have made it - although I personally actually loved this better than Van Sant's latest efforts (eg Elephant). In contrast to many here, I did not think that the film was difficult to understand or unconnected, I thought that above all was a movie that wanted to show a certain mood - the mood of an adolescent who slowly moves into the adult world - so slowly that the changes are barely visible if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but that the mood depicted here, in my opinion, is wrongly chosen for the story that is allegedly occurring. A sleep-like quality so closely connected with nature, here is nicely caught, but it is a mood that much more belongs to a much younger child, one who still fully sees itself in the observation of nature (waves on the beach), grass and flowers, spiders etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of my summer when I was about eight or nine years old. There is a movie that is contrary to what should be a very tense time in adolescent life. When you are caught in love with someone - or if you are the object of abuse at school - you are nothing but despise! There are only two moments that really helped me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan dropped the food, and his mother inserted a little. The frustration of a grown-up adult kid-especially without the presence of a father-seemed real to me. The second and only part of the film with any tension, there were scenes where Leah "(Logan reconstruction of himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him into telephone sex. The first reason I liked it was the person who recorded the voice of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (It helped me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... she even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes which seemed completely convincing among children. And what I especially liked was that Rodeo was just pretending to playing together ... it may have been the best moment in the movie like - finally! - We have some character development. All in all, a little wrong effort ... we'll have to see what he does in his next film before we really can say a lot about the director's possible talents. Meanwhile, if he can escape from Van Sant's influence, he can bring him a good world. Who is this director, one of Van Sant's children's toys?
