First, this movie is GLACIALLI slov-moving, and I see that most viewers lose patience with it completely in the first thirty minutes. The subject matter of the film is one that I think would be the basis for an excellent film; what was missing here most was a complication that would advance fundamental issues. Unfortunately, because in the hands of a writer like (say) Lanford Wilson, I think that symbolism like a mountain lion attacking a school campus could have great, tragic proportions without being a heavy hand. I mean, with a good screenplay that supports the movie, the same film maker, with the same taste, and even with the same actors (who did not even have the opportunity to impress me), maybe he was able to present a significant and touching display of the pain and struggle that the boy is going through when he develops a strong "sympathy" for the older boy he admires. However, I'm sorry to say that without this foundation, and armed with an obscure, boring and uninteresting scenario, without any complication in the eye, and without any reasonable structure (for example, after looking at it , I believe that you will discover that you can not point to climatic scenes, and instead you will find yourself listing "well, maybe that scene, or that was the highlight ...") - the result is 95 minutes of boredom. Without good complication, we will never be terribly interested in any character; Their trials and difficulties are simply boring and boring. Without good complication, dramatic devices and surrealistic overlords become confusing and confusing, not the improvement of the story. I could never believe, for example, the creation of "Leah" and I think that most viewers would be completely confused by the conventional way in which her phone calls were filmed. As the movie stands, I'm afraid I can not recommend it at all. What I can never understand is why a film like OVOG was not re-created by an entrepreneurial filmmaker ... instead of all the central processing of films that were superlative in the first edition! All she needs is a good script, written by good writers, and I think this movie could easily turn into an unforgettable classic about the aspect of the male age that is rarely treated in drama. All elements that were so tired and looked so boring in the movie (messages written on the boy's belly, "Leah" scene, fantasy on the television screen) could become rich if they were supported by good STORILINE. I see in a few comments that people are talking about this movie as a "gay" subject and I think that's wrong. Obviously, "crush" is shown that newly-born boy on an older adolescent boy, but the character of Logan is too young to settle for any particular sexual choice, and indeed, in his depicted fantasies of masturbation, we see all kinds of stimuli, sexual and not -sexual, as we would expect in a very young boy like him. I believe that "crushes," such as Logan, are common among male boys who are growing up and opting for female sexual partners.
