Sitting to watch the 14th season of the first-person ("On the wings of love"), I knew that I would be in "interesting" time. In the passage I watched some of the previous seasons of bacillus; watching an episode or two and missing the next three. I think Bachelor is often attractive and intriguing, although his quality and morality is often lacking. The "On the Wings of Love" describes in detail the journey of Jake, a 31-year-old commercial pilot from Dallas, Texas, to find true love, as true love as he can be found in a seasonal drama from reality. Jake meets 25 beautiful girls from across the country. It starts to meet them a bit, but it's mostly superficial; how well can you meet someone in a few 5-minute conversations? Jake tries to discover his true intentions from the start, at least to the audience. He noted that he does not just want love or good time, he wants a bridegroom or a woman. We can only assume that he made it clear to the women in the competition. If this is the case, it might somehow explain some of the actions of women. Women are super competitive. Although they do not even know Jake yet, they still are about to win it regardless of the price. Not only were women competitive, they were already self-confident and malicious. Threats, excitement and alerts "Watch out!" all this shows that these women were not here for a good time. Jake noticed that he was not just looking for sexual attraction, but he was looking for a "relationship". However, the girls pulled out all the jokes to try to impress Jake with the mentioned sex. They came to the castle in scarce dresses? Although some girls seem to have retained a sense of power, others have completely missed that letter. One girl, Channi, noticed that Jake was a "good guy" to whom she could be a "naughty girl". She continued to say that Jake could land on her "runway at any time". She got Flack from other girls for a provocative statement that showed their takeover for these situations. So, the reality show can not be so bad, is it? Apart from the obvious issue of attraction to sex, there are other issues that interfere with this seemingly harmless show. Is this the right way to find a future partner? compete for someone's attention by flaunting up to extreme proportions? Unfortunately, that's what America has shortened from these days: pleasure and sex without dedication and little luck from the side. The second problem is the premature emotional attachment with which many girls are tied to Jake. It seems that some of the girls were too tied up. One girl said: "If I do not get that first impression, the rose will kill me!" As already mentioned, they do not yet know him, and she spoke of a specific rose, not just one of the 15 roses to not be eliminated. Michelle, it seems, had some issues related to Jake. And other girls have noticed this. After a certain outbreak of Michelle, Vienna claimed that Michelle had a "mental breakdown and that we were here only for an hour." Michelle got the last rose of the evening at the first performance? Is there a lack of elimination? and he was extremely emotional. Other girls thought it was just funny. The other girl was also crying, but because she was eliminated. It started with the Survivor, and from here it just took off ?? rijaliti TV. It shows our fun interests as a country; If we did not watch the shows and gave them good grades, the networks would not continue to lead them. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that America is hooked enough. One thing is clear: America (generally) likes to make television and its traps. This puts me in question: why do we even love to live TV? What is it that leads us to this? Is it because we see similarities with our lives, or because we want to make sure that we are more stable and less pathetic than others? Whatever attracts us, we need to be cautious about the media and entertainment we allow to fill our minds. I'm not saying that all the TV shows are bad; however, I say that we must evaluate each of them. Episodes used for criticism: Premier Season and Episode 2.
