Yes, even as a fan of shows like survivors and apprentice, this performance is pretty bad. I did not mind the first few shows, but then I realized how miserable they really were to go to the show in the first place. To play Alec and Aaron who give people a bad name in the way they cheated or rejected their choices. At first chance it was really not a good look for the show. Ryan, you can have Trista. She had the most boring voices I've ever heard on television, and she was definitely not the smartest girl (very smart for the media, but I doubt there are many more). I did not really watch some of the shows since then, except an occastional re-run on a daily TV. I think it's a good idea to get TV to treat it as "funny garbage". Look at it as something you can laugh, and you do not have to think too much about it (I do not see CSI as a real TV-tired and cliché, but you still have to think too much while looking at it). > <br /> a few thoughts about some of the reasons that appear in the show. At the very beginning, "woman says everything" A woman like Amy (who had a lot of lectures about her) commented that she had tried every scene called the bar and the club scene to meet some guy and that was not happening to her. Hey, Amy, how about joining a club? Hobbies? You do charity jobs, change your job to where you meet more guys, all I know is that going to the bar is not an ideal place to get to know a future partner. It seems that Amy and many other girls were obsessed with the idea of ​​meeting a "perfect man". Indicate ladies: he does not exist. There are, however, many big guys who make big husbands, some who might be right for you! may not earn six figures a year or be similar to JFK juniors, but they are all big boys. The woman's plethora in this show is incredible. I am still a young man, I said that I believe that the woman gradually grew out of their shallowness as they became older and more realistic about their future partner. This show the opposite. All in all, this performance is confirmed by many stereotypes about how a woman sees men in society. It's a really terrible performance, and I think all these types of shows should stop making it. Blind Date and Fifth Wheel are the best way to get out of the country because they're fun. There is nothing more to be maintained between "couples" than a simple night out. Bleeding, unfortunately, takes too seriously.
