** SPOILERS ** Redacts a movie that does not make sense, and the killer runs around dressed in a black dress and wears what looks like a rubber mask of Peter Lorrea. Early in the movie, almost in the first scene, the young Beth Morgan was rehabilitated for the heavy use of drugs after her boyfriend was killed in Tennison Collage a year ago. Also posted is an agent of FBI Sacker (Jeff Conavai), who is obsessed with capturing the killer, the daughter was also killed at Tennison at the same time. When the film "Do you want to know the secret" is finished, it never explained how these two murders in Connecticut had the slaughter of some half dozen college students in Florida a year later? Secondly, the killer, at least in the murder of Beth's boyfriend, had the same funny dress. On a spring vacation in Sunshine State, six students spend their holiday at a beach house and before they find out, they begin to crash one by one. Beginning with Brad Clinton, Chad Allen, the computer blunder, the murder spilled over into a city with a large number of people who have nothing to do with a targeted student, including Gavin Police Chief Jack McGeady, who is open. A masked killer rescues Beth for the last in this strange ceremony in an abandoned church, in what looks like Florida Everglades. Then finally reveals who he is and what his intentions make the same sense as the film does, there is no. Trying to scare the audience all that the film does is confusing and confusing with a number of not too convincing slasher scenes. The most effective those who have the victim of Oz Washington, Tom Jai Jones, have spent at least three attempts in their lives and ended, together with agent Saker, the hero in the film. Oz also had a vicious cut on a large glass glass leg that almost halved him and enriched him, but later he miraculously recovered after being arrested for the murder he did not commit, in fact, he had two more killings with him, and not as much as he had a little lapping in a walk! Nor did it make any sense why Oz and Beth went alone to capture and capture the killer instead of calling the police, with the phone that Oz had instead? Beth's boy, who loses his head over her, in Hank Ford's film, Joseph Lawrence, is also very unpalatable as the two girls in the house on the beach. as victims of killers and then somehow disappear from sight! for a moment, you did not know if they were killed at all, or it was some sort of hallucination at Oz or local police. To the final scene on the wall where they appeared in the church. We also received an insight into the previous relationship between Tina and Hank with her, drunk and acting uncomfortably, trying to get him with Hank while Beth enters without Hank and Tina to notice her. It seemed that Beth upset even more than her boyfriend was killed at the beginning of the film!
