A simply horrible slasher, shaped from fodder, I know that the beautiful rich students spent a spring break in Florida and killed one by one. Failure in any category that can be imagined from a properly built uncertainty to executed death sequences .. nothing is handled properly and characters leave little more than the cartoons that you want to see as quickly as possible. Del Tennei (the Curse of the Living Body; I eat your skin), all the people, the executive producer, the co-writer, and the stars as a priest in a key role whose relationship with the killer presumes that it is something psychotic about. The discovery of the killer is accidentally processed and ineffective, probably not surprising to the watching soul. There are many attempts to jump, one character appears to scare off their friend, who could not even produce a few cheap excitement, because they are calculated in such a lukewarm way. Most attacks occur outside the screen with throat bleeding (.. or pools), which is the only true display of violence. The long-running finale, where the killer continues and continues with the actor who desperately tries to make his villain as a devil and crazy possible, is shameful and tense-less. There is not any positive result that would result from this cliché and boring exercise, but the beautiful goose tried little to rise above its one-dimensional roles. And, for the sake of pity, we could at least let us see how Joey Lawrence cut off her head or something that endured the misery that went through this pile of trash in 90 painful minutes. Dorie Barton, as the heroine's final girlfriend, Beth Morgan, who appears to be a murderer obsessed, could not be more empty and uninteresting (.. oh, she was in rehabilitation and taking pills for her nightmares sea; such an intriguing exhibition). Chad Alen, who fights against the guy as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (... who first disappears from the film, posing the idea that he is the first victim), has a difficult hill to climb his role, steeply stumbles at the end, uncontrolled rolling without end. Jeff Conavai, who needs money, I presume, plays the role of an FBI agent, a murder whose daughter motivates him to seek the killer, leading him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as $$ hole as the Florida Police Chief, who is often nervous with Conavai's agent. Oh, the answer to the title issue ... is not real. Because once you get the answer, you will be wondering why you've been struggling with it anyway.
