The film began as Vheeler slammed into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna Mai Oliver - a person who is too talented for this movie) did not like Vheeler - a feeling she can easily connect to. Aunt decided to take this treasure to a young lady abroad to take her away from Vheeler. They left and Vheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom, because they promised to make it their king. At about the same time, Voolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom and became king. When Vheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they were already friends - which had greatly disappointed people, for killing and replacing the king was a national party. I am a big fan of Comedy from the Golden Age of Hollivood - a silent era for forties. I've seen and looked at hundreds, if not thousands of these films, and yet, despite the love and gratitude of these films, I have never been able to understand the attractiveness of Vheeler and Voolsey - the only comedy team that could be bad like Ritz Brothers! Despite being very successful in their short career in Hollivood (shortened due to the early death of Robert Voolsey), I can not help but notice that virtually every other successful team did the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of this film that resemble Marks Brothers' movie, DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never smiled at me, and DUCK SOUP was stupid and very funny. Sometimes Voolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never had a chance to be even fun! In fact, it seemed to be meaningless. His only funny quality was that he looked stupid - it was certainly not a good reason to put him on the movie. In addition, Vheeler had a comic appeal on a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! The missed opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine that was later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who is in the first place", which was done in this film, but he missed a spark of wit and time. In fact, shortly after they started the game, they just finished the routine - so premature that you were left frustrated. I knew that "who was in the first place" has been present for many years and that it was used by many teams, but I really wanted to see that Vheeler and Voolei made the right move and gave him his own craft. Once again, I found another sub-pair of this duet movie. Although I have to admit that some of the movies I liked mildly (such as SILLI BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 to the IMDb), this was a great test of endurance to end up - something I find happening too often when I watch movies Vheeler and Voolsey. Where is all humor?!
