The final score: 1.8 (out of 10) After I saw 'Jai and Silent Bob Strike Back', I had to be at the big Eliza Dushka hit when I rented this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a junk "psychological thriller" dressed as a trashi teen slasher movie - to the extent that a masked killer is a respectable young girl like Dushku, Ves Bentley (American Beauty), Casei Affleck (Drovning Mona) and the cute star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously mistaken as a priest. The film, the idea of ​​the writer / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant offspring of 'Open Iour Eies' or 'Vanilla Ski' and films in which the character (and audience) is caught in a world of dilution caused by accident / death. The film continues to confuse confusing images and leaves us in a state of confusion all the time until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I think that these movies are not so entertaining - by their very nature - to start, but 'SS' is a cheap cheap cinema in any way you cut it out. Visual appearances, scripts, acting and attempts of any originality are all cast away thoughts on movies like this one. Plus, it's PG-13, so it does not even deliver up or T & A to keep it as a pleasure (even an unrated version is pitiful). I heard that the film contained some "hot" shower scene between Dushk & Sagemiller. As the film collapsed in front of me and all the other parties lost, I found myself patiently waiting for the shower scene - at least I would get something from this. Then it comes: two girls get the color of the shirts, jumping under the shower and fully dressed and cleaned. That's it. People thought this was hot? 'Soul Survivors' is one of those annoying boring films that are so weak and incapable of having any feelings for him. Nothing is exhausting and it's hard to write about it. In the end, it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a glow of glittering and pulsating sound, and this is probably the most lively part. There is no doubt that the rounds will be late at night in the US or Sci-Fi channel, due to low costs and PG-13 - which is probably best for him.
