The world faces the upcoming destruction, and the suicide mission is directed to the Sun to avoid the disaster by dropping a bomb into its heart: yes, it is the Solar Crisis, called the 2050 Crisis, which ignited a huge piece of change that never appeared on the screen in 1990. and returned barely enough to buy Happi Meal for each of the actors in Japan before he immediately went to the video (remember them?) in a re-edited version attributed to one by Alan Smitheu. The hook for the plot is almost the same as Sunshine - a suicide mission toward the Sun, saboter on board, logic discarded - except that this time they do not try to regain the sun, but to prematurely detonate the solar torch before it reaches the Earth. With a bomb that speaks. He said Paul Villiams. Who wants to be promoted so that the team takes it more seriously? Considering that the actor's team includes Jack Palance in his most intelligent OTT, Charlotte Heston in his most demanding Tim Matheson in his most anonymous, original Hills Have Eies unforgettable Michael Berriman (you may not remember the name, but you remember that face) and Peter Boile as an industrialist sabotages the mission, because, if he succeeds, the world will be saved, but his share price will fall, it would be expected that if not laugh laughter is every roll. There is no joy. This is the worst sort of bad movie: boring. The fate of the world may hang in balance, but the whole movie was shot with a complete lack of urgency or momentum at the same unchanging deadly slow pace. It has a low key and passes through it, but the actors do not do it here. Instead, they just stand and watch screens near darkness most of the time. You still hope that Paul Villiams' bomber who speaks to talk about an existential crisis, but instead, the movie just ... stands there, doing nothing. Literally. This is one of the most effective films ever made? so inert that, if Clive Owen was thrown, he almost looked alive alive. Even a poorly explained attempt at suicide repairs fails to raise a pencil of interest, as it generally involves, that gypsum that just stands and still looks at screens near the darkness. Even when the bomb went too early to be counted before it was launched, they are dealing with a new crisis? standing still watching the screens near the dark as if they had all the time in the world. "Trgovac-Ivori" films have better action scenes. Things are not much more vibrant on Earth, where the film spends most of the time while Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson Corin Nemec tried to drive to a space port through an anhydrous landscape with Palance's crazy desert artist "who searches for this note while chickens and continue digging me "while they were driven away by Mad Mak's ripoff and the wicked corporate clothing that followed him so that they could? leave it on a beautiful beach. Just do not expect logic, if you have not already guessed so much. The best moment? The girl at the bar describes Jack Palance as "an old guy with white hair and a face like a rotten skin", although Chucki Babi pulls out a wolf plane with a bascule fired from a hook from the window of the office or beat the barbell likes that his beret is a welcome bite of a camp in a movie that for 99% of its running time offers a lot of craziness. A slightly longer original edition of Richard Sarafian, who played in Japan, offers an extra six minutes but shouts to be reduced to 17 minutes: the director of the Vanishing Point must thank his lucky stars when the redesign gave him an excuse to remove his name from the movie. A film that's so bad it's not good, and it's painful for him to be awkward
