I chose this title from a friend who had it in his exhaustive DVD / Video / Laserdisc collection, so fortunately I did not have to pay for it. I had the impression that it would be a bad movie, but I KNOW what a really bad movie after seeing giants like Children should not play with dead things and incredibly strange creatures that stopped living and became mixed zombies, and now, indeed, nothing puzzles me if it's not astonishingly bad. The solar crisis is bad, but it does not reach that sweet point of absolute pain in which some movies are. In any case, the general conspiracy is that the Sun will release a huge solar torch to a land that will essentially destroy it. In order to confront this immediate threat, humanity has compiled a space ship and a crew whose duty is to fire an antimatter bomb (which the opening describes as the "greatest explosive ever") into the sun, which through some bent science-fantastic effects the logic will cause the flashes to break out at a different angle, leaving the land unharmed. It does not matter that what I just described sounds like a bad episode of the original Star Trek. Even with the acting ensemble (Charlton Heston, Peter Boile and Jack Palance), the Solar Crisis can barely be tackled with this level of mediocrity, thanks to a complication that begins simply, but becomes increasingly meaningless over time. The highlight of this film debacle is the addition of a bad guy (played by Boile) who insists on sabotaging the mission. Through resources that never explain, he sends the fate of a favorite with an embarrassingly bad hairstyle to accomplish some vague electronic control of the mind over the genetically engineered space scientist, played by female leader Annabel Schofield. Why sabotage the mission? In his stupid look, he believes that the torch will not happen and that when it does not, he will become fantastic rich because he dug his evil claws on the stock market. In fact, you have a bad guy with the most absurd stupid motivation imaginable. The film's action becomes staggeringly intricate and develops very slowly, in the time of using characters that have only vague or useless roles in the movie. story. I could sit here and explain in detail what's going on to show the inability of the scriptwriter to make a plot that actually clicks or keeps your attention, but I'm sitting here and I write this review on Microsoft Word and I know this should be three pages, and I just could lose your interest. But again, you would probably get the same effect from watching a movie. In any case, the film is desperately stuck with an extremely bad dialogue. Imagine that everything that ever happened on Star Trek Enterprise was that the characters threw science-fantastic jargon back and forth on each of them. Yes, I know they already do it, but imagine that they did ALL, and used that jargon for setting up vague and almost pointless scenes that do not cause any excitement, tension or interest of viewers. This is best illustrated when the character in the Zero-G environment fixes the bolt to the metal box before it starts crying a few minutes before it suddenly explodes. The scenario is previously attributed to a person who risks an explosion, but does not try to give any solid answer to the question of why or how it happens, and why he really can not escape. All in all, you have a sad cross between bizarre and ridiculous. Then we have several scenes in which dramatic construction leads to nothing. The performance of Jack Palance is lost to a character that only serves to drive a hero (not asking) in the desert, before he cleans it and kills a bunch of suits. On his dead bed, Palance finally tells our hero to survive (while wearing a terrible bruise that looks like someone put a balloon under the eyeball), which he had previously been silent about. Colonel Travis J. Richards. The boy repeats it quietly after it expires, giving the viewers the impression that the name is of some importance later in the film. Perhaps Charlton Heston knows him, and the plot will progress as his name goes on again. Something. Nothing. No. Sorry. Any hope that you will have will be interrupted when this moment turns out to be just another of the many pathetic, unsuccessful attempts to create a drama for such a uniform character and that it will always be a stain on Palance's career, just like those in the Remnant of Actors is similar ugrozen. The ending of the movie is a painfully sharp ending with Schofield's piloting the bomb at the center of the sun in an attempt to rediscover his works while under the magic criminality, a climax that contains yet another well-made sequence of visual effects that, even for The obviously elaborate care in them continues to make the film as it really is. The saddest part of this film is obviously a big budget, tragically lost in the stinking scenario and following the side behind Boile, Heston and Palance, who manage to close the chest with pure exaggerated action. <br /> <br /> Grade: D-
