Oh the hilarites! Oh joy! Another movie that's so bad it's good! Or I thought. In fact, this lacks "such a bad phase" and, unfortunately, goes straight to "it could have been so bad that it was good, but it got screwed and made it ordinary bad". /> To start your journey too long. Lower half an hour and maybe it was more durable. Then put such funny complications as "a man who sabotages a mission to save the Earth, because it has all the food supplies and will be rich if the mission fails!". Ghost !. Or the device that speaks a "talking bomb" was last seen in Dark Star. Guess what .... just like in Dark Star, the bomb has a malfunction ..... hmmmm. Add a hyphen "we can not get out of a kindergarten game" and you have the Solar Crisis in the shortest terms. Light relief will be in the form of Jack Palance (or Jack Pants, as we called it in this film, whose only purpose in the movie is to drive a child into the desert and call the father of a child to come pick it up .. In the end, between driving and telephoning, Jack releases meaningless madness, many lectures and cocoons, but little contributes to the story, such as she. In short, he is the best piece of the movie. My reward for " To the ironic line delivered straight to the face "goes to Charlton Heston, who, when he first met his eldest son, commented that his the son looks a little "out of the form" while he stands there with his hips embroidered over his belt and he is terribly needed by Captain Kirk Corset. Also fun is a bad guy top henchman, who has a brilliant white the hairstyle that made me think of Andy Varchol for some reason. In addition to these joys, I recommend little to this film. The ending is a sequence copied from (but gracefully shorter than) the final sequencing from 2001. Tips for enjoying this movie more, if you're stupid enough to watch it, as I'm learning nio: 1. Every time a bomb is spoken, imagine it's called Tarkuin (Believe me, it works!) 2. Whenever Huck Heston is on the screen and ready is to talk, refute it in advance by saying the line from the Planet of the Monkey, such as "Remove your dirty paws from me!" or similar. 3. Whenever the feminine leadership under stress (this is most of the time) continue to hope to have an aneurysm and will soon die. 4. During the uninterrupted scene, the "ship broke down," he continues to hope that the technical / engineering boys will say Scotti-izma as "You can change the laws of physics!" or something like that shit. In addition, do what you need to go through this. I sat over halfway and woke up to realize that I did not miss anything, nor did the plot (ridiculous, though) progress. So do not worry about setting up for a few, you will not miss anything.
