(This is a review of the later English issue of Disney, with Alison Lohman, Patrick Stevart, and co.) I really wanted this film to be good. Really. I am a great fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Avai, and after I looked at all the great reviews about this earlier Miiazaki movie, I was impatient to see it. But I was shocked, shocked, say, the quality of this movie. These later films have well-created plots, three-dimensional characters and the best film music from ... so ... so far. This movie is just not approaching. It can start with positive aspects. Like all Miiazaki movies, this one is still very imaginative, with a bizarre fantasy / sci-fi setting, in a post-apocalyptic world in which insects are the dominant species. Nausicaa boasts a far superior animation for other films of her time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as Miyazaki's later films) and English voice acting is pretty well made. But this movie ... just ... is not ... good ... The characters are all cards - from sweet sweet little Nausica, to mercilessly evil Tolmekians, for everyone in between. Once you see each of them for 30 seconds, you see everything that exists. The fact that the plot is not helpful. Then there is music ... Now, Hysai's hands are my favorite film composer, but Nausicaa does not do justice to him. Half the music is an 80s overdrive keyboard, and usually enters and goes so abruptly to interfere with visual effects instead of helping them. I very much doubt that Hisaichi was told to compose a lot of music before he even saw the picture. But wait! There is a big message with this movie, is not it?! Let's all save the environment! It's a shame that this movie hits you over the head like a mall. There is a scene in which Nausicaa threw a tree. Not really. I'm not kidding. I'm sadly talking about how this film is chrome. But for some reason, all other IMDb reviews seem to adore him. And when characters have to talk to you in extended sentences to tell you what's going on, it's miserable. If you are an anime admirer, enjoys music 80, and planted wood Every day of Arbor, you will probably like this movie. Otherwise, save money for his later films, because they make a lot of time.
