The essence of Wolf's original novel - in fact, the sense of the whole story - is that things unfold because of the carefully calculated meaning of expediency. The goal is survival within a certain kind of life. Roman is full of malice. The only relationship that is emotionally true is between Sherman and his daughter, Campbell, and it's just touched. Aside from it, everyone is ready for what he can get on the road of publicity, power, money, or self-esteem. Wolfe is criticized for having hit every character and every social segment of the New Yorker over his head. . His answer was denial. After all, he lived in New York himself and belonged to the Committee for the Improvement of Quarters and other Wonderful Organizations, just as they would like in their CV to deny that they do not like New Yorkers. (Wolfe holds a doctorate from American studies from Iale and is not a fake.) These alleged weaknesses made the novel unforgettable. Nobody was good. And Sherman McCoi broke up, a professional demonstrator for social justice. The film rejects it and imposes a moral frame of a story that simply does not fit. Wolfe did the job. Roman is rooted in reality. Every event was not only possible, but also completely convincing. Wolfe may have made a great cultural anthropologist - he knows how to get into the system and record his details. Yes, every one of us found himself, like Sherman and his mistress work, stuck in the South Bronco, threatened a couple of black kids and made an escape after he entered one of them. This scene is neatly transmitted from the press on the celluloid. But after this scene, the film seems to be disbelieving to its audience and sometimes becomes angry with its attempt to send its message, however vague it may be. Sherman could accidentally hit a kid and be arrested for him as in the novel, but would not immediately return to his superb apartment, immediately after his release from prison, take out the shotgun, and start firing him into the ceiling , as it does on the move. In what should be a funny scene, ceiling gypsum falls on all party guests and they leave, shouting. It just would not have happened. The film left an indescribably detailed reality of the novel in the dust. Volfe's sensibility, the work he has invested in capturing the real, is lost. What we get is a noisy, fantastic and silly scene that does nothing but awakening the audience. Below are similar blank scenes screaming for Wolf's credibility. The film also fails because it pushes a lot of sin and redemption into a funny story of moral nihilism. Here we see "Don Juan in hell" in opera. We receive lectures on the redemption of poets with AID. We see a lot of guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of those closing speeches about how we all need to start behaving nicely. A journalist who complains about Sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb. And the happy ending in which Sherman retaliated by breaking the law with an idiotic smile. The scene sits on the movie as a spy cap on the head of a circus elephant. The film not only makes points that are already grumpy and non-genuine, but exaggerates them, as if the audience is not able to absorb any subtlety. It's not an act or it's bad. The film is not bad in these aspects. And the photo is also pretty good, including two quite spectacular shots - the gargoyles of Chrisler's buildings and the landing of Concorde. This is a script that is fundamentally destroyed. The first half of the movie, roughly, is fine for conception and execution. It contains some small details from the novel. Sherman and Judi's dog is called Marshall. Who the hell would call Marshall Dog? It almost completely loses focus in the other half and is not worth watching at all. The Wolf's cynical right-wing right-wingers can be offensive to many people, but he has coyons to lay his percepts out. Unfortunately, writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and missed the opportunity to make a fascinating New York study.
