*** Contains spoilers *** This film I did not like at all. I consider it incredibly bored and pretty superficially made, regardless of the importance and depth of the proposed theme: since in the end we have to die, how should we approach life? In a "light" way, like Tomas; in a "hard" way like Theresa; or to find ways to not face this issue, such as Sabina? How important is loyalty in connection? How many of your professional lives can be disfigured for our loved ones? How much should we be involved in the political life and social issues of our country? Unfortunately, I did not read Kunder's novel, but after I was disappointed with the film, I would definitely: I want to understand whether the story was destroyed by film adaptation (which I guess) or it was boring from the beginning. I disagree with the majority of positive comments that define film as a masterpiece. I simply can not see the reasons why. What I see are many flaws, followed by a sample. 1) The three main characters are thrown at you and it's very difficult to understand what triggers them when making their decisions. 2) "Secondary" characters are there to fill in the gaps, but do not add anything in the story and wonder if they really need it. 3) Not as Tomas was introduced. Nothing is good for him. He is so selfish and selfish. He is not human, in any sense. But when his self-confidence fails and he realizes that he is dependent on others and is emotionally connected to someone, I did not consider that interpretation is credible. her lifestyle in the communist country in 1968. Moreover, all three main characters are very successful in their professions, which sounds weird. a) How can Teresa become such a good photographer without effort? b) How can they work so well in a country that is lacking all economic incentives that usually motivate people to succeed? 5) False accents of English spoken by actors are ridiculous. And I'm not even a native language. Moreover, the letter Sabina receives in the US is written in Czech, which I realized was very inconsistent. the film was shot on the site, so it is not difficult to give a film of Eastern European feelings, and given the inner beauty of Prague it is not difficult to make it look good. 7) I found the end somewhat trivial. Theresa and Thomas, finally happy in the countryside, far from the temptation of the "metropolis", away from the social struggles inhabited by their fellow citizens, separated from their professional lives, are dying in a car accident. But they die after they realized they were really happy. So what? If they died unhappy, would the message of the film be different? I do not think so. I thought it was an inexpensive trick to please the audience. 8) The only thing in a movie that is unbearable light is the way the director displayed the characters. You see them for almost three hours, but ultimately nothing remains. You do not feel empathy, do not treat them, you stay in your couch watching a series of events and scenes that have little to say. 9) I hated "stop music on the restaurant scene (which some comments have been praised)." Why Sabina has such a strong reaction? Why Franz agrees with her? I really do not see the point. The only thing you learn is that Sabina has a very bad temper and a pretty strong personality. That's it. What is so special and unique? After all these negative comments, let me point out that there are two scenes that I like very much ( so I gave him two.) "Naked Women Photoshoot", where they are envious, jealous and uncertain Sabine and Teresa l The second scenario is the one that represents the investigation after the occupation of Prague from the Russians. The images of Theresa, taken to make the world aware of what is happening in Prague, are used to identify people who participate in disorder I thought it was pretty genuine and that Theresa's sense of despair and guilt was well presented. Finally, there is a small possibility that the film is intentionally "designed" in such a way that "Tomas types" go They like him and "Theresa" will hate him. If this is the case (I doubt it very much) then my comment should be drastically revised.
