I did not think this was absolutely horrible as some people obviously do. It goes as one of those horror horror movies, with which you can waste time in the middle of the night when you can not sleep, although it's certainly better quality than that. It's true that the acting is not great - I thought Marianne McAndrev as Cathy Beck, for example, was completely passionate - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot did not make sense to me. Becks is on a journey described by John (Stevart Moss) as part of a job and partly a honeymoon that they never had (now it's romantic!) The work has something to do with the cave tour, which sounds strange in itself (how Turkey is divided groups through the cave are related to someone's work?) but it's becoming weird when we find out that he is a doctor doing research in the field of preventive medicine (huh? That relationship has completely lost me.) He bit a stick while he is in the cave, he begins to transforms into what I suppose was supposed to be a hybrid man-bat ( although when we finally see him in makeup looks a lot more like a monkey-man of some sort) and begins killing. Here's another problem. The first murder is a nurse at the hospital. At first, everyone thinks that her death was an accident. The second murder is a young girl, who is described as being thrown out of her throat. Sheriff (Michael Pataki) tells us that her death was like a sister (which means that her throat was broken? - How could anyone think it was an accident?) What about the sheriff? He seems pretty non-nonsense until he comes to the scene in Cathy's hotel room when he drinks a sip of alcohol and then almost rages, after which it seems that everything returns to normal. It is burdened by the ending that left almost everything unresolved, as well as one of the most exciting topics I've ever heard in the film. Even for all that, there was something that prevented me from watching. Sometimes pure chewing can help you spend an hour and a half. Pretty bad, yes - but not as horrible as some people say.
