Currently, this movie is on the IMDb as the 42nd worst movie ever made - that's why I rent it from NetFlik. However, I regret to say that the film, although bad, is not even close enough to deserve to be at the bottom of the 100 films ever made on the list. I personally saw at least 100 movies above this one. It's hardly a great confirmation, but it just did not meet the expected level of horror to get involved in this notorious list. The film begins with Stevens Moss and Marianne McAndrev on their late honeymoon (by the way, they are married and in real life). He is a doctor who is obsessed with blind mice and insists that they go to a nearby cave. Once they appear, they act very, very, very stupid (bad badge) and quickly bite their bat. According to this film, blind mice like to attack people, and in the United States there are vampire blind mice - which is not true. Strange, after biting him, a man does not even try to go to the hospital !! The first thing in the mind of anyone (especially a doctor) is to get immediate medical attention, but not this sucking. Soon, he has attacks - yet he is still not interested in seeking help! Again and again you are constantly thinking that this is the dumbest couple in the history of the movie !! After a while, he goes to the doctor and sends him to the hospital. But by then it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he starts killing people to get their blood. When it's obvious to everyone that a man is a crazy machine for killing, a woman (who, like her husband, has a brain grape) refuses to believe that she is dangerous - even after she attacks people, steals an emergency and launches a police car from the road !! Now most of the Moss goes through these episodes, his eyes are coming back and he looks like a normal person. Strangely, however, he several times developed his hands like a bat and eventually used some nice prosthetics on it to look a bit like a bat. If this was really a shit, the movie would earn 1. At the very end, in a turn that hardly made any sense, the woman was inexplicably turned into a crazy lady of a bat and had a swarm of swarms killing the sheriff's evil . As all this was agreed, there was a mystery, like Moss and McAndrev's belief that this film would somehow help their careers - even though they both had a fairly long career on television playing important roles since 1974. Overall, very stupid. The action is stupid and does not make sense and strongly relies on people who act too stupid to be real. It's not a good movie at all, but not among the worst movies of all time. NOTE: For some reason, IMDb displays graphics for the three DVD sets for IT'S ALIVE and these are the two sequels of BAT PEOPLE websites. While BAT PEOPLE is seen with the title "It's Alive", two films are not connected at all. It's easy to grasp the error - especially since they both came out in 1974, but the film I just reviewed was played by Stevart Moss and Marianne McAndrev, while the second film was played by John Rian and Sharon Farrell.
