I do not know, sometimes ... you're trying and trying to be charity on all B-Z movies, but sometimes a particular movie just tests your patience until you want everyone to snoop. "Bat People" (which I saw under the title "Lives Night") is just such a film. You can not watch this without thinking that it really should have been an episode on the "Night Gallery" and not one of the better ones. The film has something to do with a doctor who bites the bat, and thus transforms himself into a Vera Bat who is drinking human blood. (In fact, he would have thought that if he turned into a real bats he would eat mosquitoes for a gallon, but because it's a cheap, horrible movie about horror, blood is a word.) Despite the fact that he has huge attacks in the hat's cap , and almost every night interrupt episodes, his friend and fellow doctor, Dr. Mustache Aspen-Ectreme, insists that he only has an "allergic reaction" to the images of the rabies. In the meantime, the most dangerous and stereotyped sheriff in the world suspects that the doctor is responsible for the brutal killing and slaughter of several local girls (and one wine). In the meantime, a doctor's wife decides that denying IS is a river in Egypt and alternately supporting it and instigating it to interfere with it. It's not so much that the acting is bad - you can say that actors make choices at a professional level, and they try to bring some juice and life scenario, even the guy who plays the sheriff. (Ok, that's pretty bad, but it's bad on a cliché, a wooden, professional way). Everything about the acting, the way in which scenes, costumes, dialogue, script, and storyline are staged generally make teeth on the edge and make you want to, well, squeeze everyone involved. I think the film had an extraordinary chance of being silly, disturbing a little cult favorite, OR: 1) The director was supposed to beat Michael Pataki, an experienced actor, with a chair while Pataki did not agree with ACT, and not just Dennis Veaver. 2) He also had to find a script that made a little more sense in the "Bat Bites Human" scenario, which then turns into a bat. " 3) He also needed an actor who played the doctor to find a little physically more convincing part of the theater work for his "episodes" rather than resorting to the page "Man Has Subtracted" from Small Movie. The Golden Book Cliched Acting Mannerisms. 4) He had to process the entire character of a woman, make her more intelligent, less penetrating, and more cautious. I would never again willingly watch this film, except with the help of Mike and Bottom. It's bad, but it's not bad in a stupid, witty or interesting way. It's better than Battlefield Earth or Vatervorld.
