Really, the use of documentary material about the stock of the bare mice that was used by BAT PEOPLE is one of the most effective ever. From the ceilings of the caves, firing bats flying from the caves or spinning around the mouth of the cave. It's just enough to be disturbing: Imagine that they are all crowded? And it really was born in what was supposed to be a sequence that took place for about forty minutes, a completely inadvertent sequence in which a crowd of bats attacked a police car, spraying through a windshield like bloody broken eggs. . The problem is that this series is about fifty minutes too late to save the movie, most of which consist of one or more people running around, screaming, waving their hands on an excited funny guy about some poor baseball who managed to bite his bat . during rest. It is a fear to fight the rabies, which is really shit, so their break is destroyed, because the plot synopsis at the top of the BAT PEOPLE reference site really indicates out. Here's an effective summary of the film: The young couple goes on a romantic escape that was destroyed when the guy bit his bat. They bravely try to hold him, but he starts to rot, trying to convince ones around him that he is a little more involved than rabid, that he can not be controlled, and that everyone should REPRESENT. Now, when a foam in your mouth is covered with sweat, your eyes seem to be one of the cheaper Mupets and screaming at you to get out of me, you escape from it. You're not trying to give him drugs, you're not trying to tell him you love him, give your boyfriend his space, go home, and try a picture of the next year's flight. But no, people in this movie act like morons, insist on pushing him to the edge, and he turns, mutates into the creature of a bat type and kills a bunch of irrelevant secondary characters. There is nothing wrong with this, but the movie forgets that the Creature Feature is a low budget and is trying to be some type of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we have many people running around trying to give this guy a cold pill, and in the end he escapes into the hills that look much more human than he should have, people insist on trying to drive him and pay for the expected цена. The main thing in the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty peaks, and the movie should be about the type AFTER it had been turned into a Bat person, not a trip there. It takes about eighty minutes to really wake up on that front, with some interesting character drawings that include always entertaining Michael Pataki as a little city policeman who lost his moral advantage, and the late Paul Carr as a doctor friend who does not understand anything. The movie is terribly boring, about fifteen minutes too long and missed the opportunity to be beautiful, unforgettable small creatures about creatures about mutants like Italian favorite horror RATMAN, which I watched today and unfortunately was inspired to try this after watching. Me and my great ideas, although the scene with the police cars was a scream: It's a pity we could not have another twenty minutes of it. 3/10
