"The Bat People" is a proud inhabitant of the IMDb Bottom 100. Each time the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films with Paris Hilton or documentaries about American idol stars, but always returns reliably sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most shit on that list, Bat Bat is a legitimate bad movie and deserves to be there regardless of any media influence or internet buzz! This is almost not the worst movie ever made, because the basic concept definitely has some charm and genius, but it's still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The scenario is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary footage and gigantic voids in continuity, yet the main characters remain completely alien throughout the film. Except for the sensible scenario, the film lacks the spectacular sequence of killing and effects of lipstick ?? although the kindness of young Stan Wiston ?? are absurdly incompetent and remain largely invisible to the end of the film. The title of the movie is inaccurate, because "people" refer to the number in plural, while the story actually only turns to one person Bat. Much more than Bruce Vaina, the real Batman plays in this movie and he also has a real Bat-cave and Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The action is a young couple on a cave exploration on a honeymoon and a weekend. They leave the group with a guided tour and he bites him with a bat while trying to protect his wife from the malicious attack of an animal. Concerned that he could be infected with a rage, he is subjected to intensive treatment at a local hospital, but this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty creature of a bat. He kills random people at night and toys around with a suspected police sergeant while his beloved wife is still quite convinced that unpleasant behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to rabies treatment. Of course honey! The script never explains why the bat would attack people and how John would always return to a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of a bat. Basically, "The Bat People" is a variation on a good old jeweler theme, but it's obviously not very interesting. The concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow sub-parcels were centered on drunken and perverse sheriffs instead of horrible monsters. Some settings and exterior shooting locations look impressive, a song that is unsuitable for playing during a loan is unusually attractive, there's a nice piece of blood at the peak (finally!) And the main actress Marianne McAndrev is very excited to look (though not listen) to). This really bad and boring current sheet of film at the bottom 100 is spot number 80, and I personally hope that it will stick somewhere in that region. The list simply would not feel and be traditional without "The Bat People".
