Regards Mari Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Hamilton High School graduation in 1957, where Marie Lou Malonei (Lisa Schrage) cheated on her meeting Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Levis). Bill reveals that he was devastated, while Mari Lou announced the Queen of Graduation in 1957 and came to the stage to accept her reward. Bill, still hurt, decides to embark in a joke with Mari Lou, throwing a petard on the scene, but still the fuse caught up with Mari Lou's dress and burned it, in a matter of minutes, Marie Lou aroused her. 30 years later, and Hamilton High will soon hold an annual graduation evening. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now in charge and has a teenage boy named Craig (Justin Louis) who comes out with Vicki Carpenter (Vendi Lyon) and they both plan to go to a dinner party together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this terrible night 30 years ago continues to haunt Bill and Buddha. One day, Vicki looks at the school basement when she sees the large booty opening, which turns out to be a bad move because Mari Lou's avenging spirit is free and she intends to claim her crown as the Queen of Promotional Fun in her free time trying to revenge her premature death. First, Jess Brovning (Beth Gondek), whose death is reduced to suicide, Mari Lou begins to own Vicino's body as the evening of dancing approaches. After postponing some competition in the form of Kelli Hennenlotter (Terry Havkes) who is trying to fix the prom night to win. Mari Lou in Vicky's Body is crowned by Hamilton High Queen Queen who allows Marie Mari to return from the dead to make an unexpected performance and really revive the fun ... No connection to the original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mari Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's story concentrates more on supernatural elements, not on cheap teenage issues, whether it's a good or bad decision, it will depend on your expectations. Personally, I discovered that different elements do not actually gel or work well at all. The whole movie was slow to make it really pleasant after Marie Lou died, no one else was killed for up to half an hour, and then the film ran for another half hour until Vicki finally won and the film finally came to life. pick up the momentum for the peak in which evil Lou Lou kills a person at a prom night before being allegedly defeated, come to the horror movie fans you expected to clue "the killer is not dead and ready to continue"? Do not expect a high number of bodies, just five throughout the film and no special graphics, although I like the way Monika (Beverley Hendri as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a locker room in the shower room that Mari Lou broke and resulted in a poor Blood monkey monkey. Supernatural side Hello Mari Lou: Prom Night II is shown by Vicki who has a lot of hallucinations for the first hour and Mari Lou controls the facilities during the last stages including a couple of nasty shots of the rocking horses that revives, the scene on the board. it's pretty good as it turns into water and zombie hands drag Vicky into it. Slayer Side Hello Mari Lou: Prom Night II is not extraordinary, I personally liked Mari Lou, while she took out compulsory one-liners and made her a good villain even if she did not kill enough people. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I've managed to show the gifts to various other horror directors with almost all the characters who share their surnames with one, which obviously does not add anything to the movie, but it's a nice little touch I suppose. The act is fine, but the normally dependent Micheal Ironside looks lost and uninterested almost as if he wondered what he was doing and if he would ever work again. Forget about anywhere in the mountains, somebody is hanging, there is a stabbing with a crucifix that happens outside of the screen, someone is surrounded by a neon light, a computer is crazy and a person's electrocery (!?) And Mari Lou comes out of the Wick's body as a rotten zombie It was a pretty cool scene. There are full frontal shots of nudity in girls' shower, if that's your thing. Hello Mari Mari: Prom Night II is ok for watching, it has reasonable production values ​​in general and is generally well made. All in all, I was disappointed with Mari Mari Lou: Prom Night II, it was too slow and extremely unusual to keep interest in almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure whether it deserves a grade of 3 or 4 stars, I will give 4 because there is nothing particularly wrong with that. I guess I went through much worse movies, but just did not do anything for I'm afraid.
