I just got a special edition of Superman 1 with 4 discs for about $ 5. Additional content includes Superman and Mole-Men from 1951. So I hit him in the DVD player last night, and here's my findings. First disappointment - I did not check, and I think I mentally marked it as one of the series Kirk Alin. I'm not a big fan of George Rivas as Superman, and I saw nothing but a strange shot of Kirk Alina - but hey, it does not matter. This black and white production runs less than an hour. It has a sense of several episodes of one of the early Reeves TV series, two-tone, composed for the film edition, although IMDb says it was filmed as a movie release before the first TV series. In any case, this is a strange choice for reasons I will get later. I am the year in which I remember TV and film productions that were limited to one or two locations and sets, so here there were no big surprises. Even so, for a budget with a low budget, this is a really small budget. The story relates to the small city of Silsby - a population of 1,430 - which is, hellishly, the home of the world's deepest oil wells (6 miles). The story opens while the head of the well is urgently taking steps to close the well. This is in conflict with the arrival of reporters Metropolis Kent and Lana to report on the well, according to the oil company's order. As Clark mocks the fact that the drill goes into the radioactive cave 6 miles lower, a few weird little boys (small in height, big in the head, black in the overalls and eyebrows in the eyebrows) come out of the closed roof and start to stutter around the city with confused expressions on their faces. Now take a deep breath, here's the rest of the picture. The little boys are scared of children, so Jeff Corey (playing an unbridled ksenofob in the city) encourages some friends to kill these "creatures". Superman enters (moderately inefficiently) and catches one of the kids who is hit and takes him to a local hospital. Coriy's friends burn the hut and the other kid hides and assumes he was killed, but he escaped and lowered him down the shaft. Corei encourages a personal mafia (despite the fact that the sheriff arrested him) to hang the hospitalized Mole-Man. Superman keeps them from getting into the hospital and taking a wounded chappie on the shaft to return it to their neighbors. A total of 4 Mole Men come up with weapons of some kind that shoot at Jeff Corey (I call it Aargh! Pistol because it seems that the only effect is that Corei goes "Aargh!") And Superman saves him. Immediately changed the path of astonishment when Superman rescued him after he acted, the moles returned through the shaft. The end. Despite the fact that the movie lasts only an hour, there is a huge amount of crawling around, keeping and searching - I omitted everything. "Mole-Man 1 creeps from A to B, watching no one is following. they never engage in any way-they have no dialogue-they only appear, they are persecuted and they are returning. They look a bit creepy, but hardly they are monsters that cause bugs. Reeves is pretty good Clark Kent - A very obstinate journalist, much more than Phillis Coates is a rather indifferent Lois Lane. But he's a horrible, awesome Super Man. Not only does it not seem to be a part (at least his hair is colored in black, which is an improvement compared to the fairly light hair he wore in some episodes of TV), the way he plays it is not right in my book. I'm sure he was told to "hit the post" (what Superman is doing all the time), but somebody should have told him that there should be hands on the hips, not a fist on the ribs. And Superman is playing as a pretty strict and sensitive teacher - he actually He did not waver with a finger in the demonstration, but he may have done it. Superman has a huge amount of walking around (say a huge amount - he's actually not in it all) and a little run. He leaves and land several times, but is not seen in flight at any time. Oh, some bullets are rejected by him and he uses a telescope vision like Clark, but without the accompanying visual effect. Actually, visual effects are striking by their absence, and few who are present are not very good. I tried to consider this effort by referring to the standards of time: but even by these standards I think that this is a rather unsuccessful effort. Fortunately, production standards on TV shows were higher, and at least they tried to make sense of the stories they had a little bit more. Something of disappointment - I will not look again.
