A truly upset, Cannibal psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, catches the campers who make an unfortunate mistake in backpacking in his wilderness. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) enter into a playful quarrel with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, late real wife Garia Kenta) and Teddy (Ann Vilkinson) for surviving in the woods themselves. To prove the point, the girls decide to go to the wild from Los Angeles to a camping trip that disturbs their partners to the extent that they are followed soon. Falling prey to John, Teddy was soon killed as Sharon works for his life as men come late to the wilderness over the overheating of their truck. Fearing, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives some very unusual help. Thus, John's children remain in the desert, spooky apparitions that spy on those in the forest, taking a special affection for Sharon, helping her lead to safety and her friends. In the meantime, Steve and Charlie soon find refuge from the scattering and darkness of the night in the very cave in which John lives. Cooking over fire, the meat that is cooked is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddy! Not knowing, Charlie eats meat when offered by John who finds outsiders in his place of residence! In any case, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie went to find them as morning breaks. In the meantime, John is hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Saron in the struggle for survival. When Steve suffers a complex fracture that stumbles between two massive rocks over the flowing river, he will be handicapped only by increasing the already so-called nightmare scenario, with Sharon following his spooky young friends to the potential security .. even at one point, they recognize their Dad not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, has no such friends. Director Donald Jones (who wrote and spoiled the movie) cleverly shoots a movie in such a beautiful location in Sekuoia National Park, California, where these huge trees reach high altitudes, and I'm basically looking for furrows for that purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find Jones's ambient direction that was very atmospheric .. fear was missing, although there are some rather disturbing attacks from John who used his knife (.. shot in a smart way, Jones's camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, but nevertheless, somehow, still achieves that sigh of what John makes to the victims). Within such picturesque landscapes, in order to see the innocents deceived by the maniac, such a kind of terror is increasing. People from the city try to spend a couple of nice days in a different place, to feel the smell of clean, fresh air, enjoy the view of a beautiful view, just to encounter a terrible predator with a very scary knife. By giving a story of why John is a monster, Jones allows us to testify to his memory of remembering his wife's adultery and reacting accordingly (.. she is also a spirit in the desert looking for her children, seeking to punish them because " he was wrong ") kills her and her lover in the bed (.. cooler fixer). The children, sad and depressed, have committed suicide and now "chase" the wilderness, still interacting with their couples or with anyone they want. I realize that such a novelty, such as the children of spirits in the gravel in the forest, is unique and appreciated by some, but my idea was pretty silly and too stupid to take seriously. They help our heroine escape from several potentially dangerous situations, but it was very difficult for me to go uncontrollably giggling. The music I found disgusting in the '80s and performances is not devastating. I mean, I could react to the situation they were in, because it's really terrible to find yourself in an unknown and hostile territory being hunted by someone who knows the area well. I think that the film is similar in many ways that they do not go into the forest ... just !, except that the forest has the aforementioned children of spirits (... their voices reverberate when talking to Sharon, their father, or each other). Garry Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with rugged clothes, and humanity is lost. As I have already mentioned, violence is not as terrible as it is proposed because the director of the Jones is capable of effectively cutting off the great breakthrough of the knife, but the way he sets the pieces leaves you pretty unadulterated (.. Teddy's murder, the violence that mostly depicted on the surface of a nearby huge stone formation, her request for John to stop and, after being stabbed several times by a knife, tries to diverge from her predator just to be finished; I have seen better and worse than this type of slasher movie, that is pretty central, at best tea, with some effective scenes. I really do not think it's particularly memorable, except for children's spirits.
