The film begins with a couple of camper, men and women, I guess together, walking alone in a huge wildlife. It is certain that a man is hearing something and is so troubled by him that he goes to investigate it. Our killer salutes him with a stab in his stomach. Then she runs the girl and cuts her neck. The camera during the introductory scene is from the point of view of the killer. Then we will meet our four main characters, two pairs, one in which it is on the rocks. Men are joking about how a woman will never be able to deal with camping alone at a double meeting, which caused the blonde's ambition to leave a week earlier. Unexpectedly, men leave on the same day and their car breaks down. When men arrive, they are warned that people in the forest disappear from the crazy Ralph Doppler. They ignore the warning and excitement in the night of blackening, and the song of the '80s plays in the background with texts about killing in the dark forest. Men get lost. In the next scene, we realize that this is not just another clone that burns, but a story about ghosts! Women, frightened and lonely, gather together with the fire. Two children appear in the shade and decide to play Tom as they see it. Well, obviously ghosts are in the way their voices respond! Their mother appears with blood falling from the hole in her forehead and asks two ladies if they saw her children before they disappear, of course. The children run home at Daddy and talk to him about two beautiful ladies by the river. This causes an alert and he gets up, grabbing the knife from the fireplace. "Dad goes hunting," a little girl shouts with a bad acting. It's obvious here that Dad is not a ghost like his children. Something in the wild was loose, and the blonde spat, running blindly into the night, carrying a knife. He meets a father who explains that he is starving and will be fast. This does not make sense for the panther's rejections that we've heard before (maybe it's allergic! Are panthers fair even in California?) She hurts him a bit before she stabs her head. Thunder explodes and men seek shelter, which turns out to be where dad lives. Obviously someone lives here because fire and something weird bake on it. Children appear and warn them of dad, which appears a few moments later. They disappear as soon as it arrives. For any reason, our killer goes only for females. He invites people to have something to eat and tell us the story of his ex-wife. We received feedback that his wife was caught in cheating. The old man does not say that he kills her and her lover after that, but dreams about it. We did not get the reason for the death of the children. Men sleep and stay unharmed. The next morning, men reveal their wife's empty camp. After a brief discussion, they separated. One is to stay in the camp, while the other goes and gets help. The one who returns to his car, breaks his legs. Then we reunite with the children while they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who were killed because they were not sad about their mother. They agree to help a woman reunite with her friends. The next scene defies the logic of the film when Dad kills the guy waiting in the camp. He also went out or was married to a blonde. Somehow children understand that he is killed and tells women about it. She decides to see this on her own and obviously encounters the killer. Fortunately, children make him stop being threatened to leave him forever. You know where this is going. All in all, the movie deserves four stars of ten, and this is generous. For all your doubts, the music score is well done. It's still possible to watch. There are some corners of the camera that look professional, and some of the sets are well-executed. The plot is incredible. There is such a thing as a willing suspicion of disbelief, but with a frog 6 miles away; I can not imagine that the blonde would fly so in the middle of the night. I mean, come on! Alan "Skip" Bannacheck
