I mean all the obscure, overlooked, low-budget horror films that are waiting to be rediscovered in DVD release, why choose THE FOREST? I love an ultra low budget directly to home video or other alternative horror. I love the hacker horror of the 80's. I love puzzles with fools who wander into the night to persecute, kill, and ate psychopaths. I am for the idea that non-professionals work on a horror film as a way to break into industry or just a real movie because they want to make it. I am using public places, non-actors, without the names of talents behind the camera and the studio. NO PROBLEM! The brightest figure from FOREST is the opening of a couple walking in the distance across the woods in the woods: We see them as small, vulnerable creatures entering a dark, dark world, where people may not be at the top of the food chain or the most afraid of the predator. Then the film dives and never recover - we meet for a couple who are backpacking, just as they realize they are up. They split up, they both slaughtered, and then we meet with the protagonists of the movie while driving their cars in a traffic jam. They meet with their friends and decide for camping. The sounds of snoring fill the room, because people who come to watch movie nonsense with their mobile phones, people do not tell them how much film is crap. This film is slow, this film is too boring, and this movie is too talkative. What would not be so bad if the writers would give people something to say except the dumbest, rude and unnecessary things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when it's a character with the most interesting lines of a park guard who alerts everyone away from Cannibal Voods. Speaking of these "forests", they seem far from civilization as an overgrown empty field behind football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive images of the forest rainforest, but there is no real feeling of being in the middle. If any of the characters just sat down on the track and waited long enough, someone could reconcile. What is worst in the movie is that it does not create any human interest: I do not know who these couples are and do not care what will happen to them. The man who was a hermit was uninteresting even when pretending that the freshly cooked meat from the foot of one of his victims served a horrible bite for his boyfriend, who just accidentally sought shelter in his cave. Irony, which is the content of "failures". Together with deliberately mischievous music for synthesizers, a cinema that looks suspiciously like someone tied the camera to a dog and monitors the movement of people, a lack of significant upsets, nudity, terrifying thrills and an unhealthy atmosphere and what we have here is a horror movie not even scary as PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. I do not want to be "emptied" to people behind this movie, because they obviously went to the project with almost nothing, did not encourage them to be creative and ended up with another boring movie about some red foxes who drove women through the woods with a knife. There is nothing wrong with that concept, what is wrong is the uninhibiting and extremely pedestrian way of doing it, until the utterly meaningless conclusion when the film simply disappeared for about 80 minutes. The best you can say about FOREST is that it is relatively quickly completed and that there are not many orders for re-checking - hence my confusion about why anyone would feel the need for DVD releases. It was okay as Prism Video hired years of unusualness, as the DVD would be a $ 5.99 rack gathers within a month of hitting the shelf. There is little or no need to watch a movie, unless you're thinking about making your own ultra-low-budget hacker set up in a public park where no one can charge you for shooting. Here's a guide to the steps to avoid creation. With everything that was said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, that is, a sequence that was both pathetic and thoughtlessly conceived to become an enigma in otherwise cut and dried film: The craze comes home to find a woman in bed with a local artist. He sends his beloved person, armed with a kitchen knife that seems to have been made only to be used in a horror movie and is removed after an interloper. The guy attacks and attacks his quarry, which bypasses and escapes, only to psycho materialize his footsteps with bigger, worse weapons. Psychologists attack again, and the guy escapes. The psychologist repeats himself, and once again, the man gets out. Then again! Finally, in the fifth attempt, the psycho travels with a guy to fall on some kind of spiral device. How did he continue to materialize armed with the worse weapons? Is there any supernatural element for this psychopath? Since the film never explains how it is concerned, the scene is just an enigma, set to build some tension. Its purpose remains unclear. The whole film is really like that, there was no need to make it and perform it in such an angry, uninteresting way that it can not be forgotten what it is. 3/10, and enough evidence that just because you can publish a movie on DVD does not mean that you should do it.
