The title of this obscure and (almost fairly) forgotten 80s slasher inevitably reminds me of The Cure's mega-smash-monster hit song with the same title, hence the portion of the lyrics in the title of this user's comment. Also, I had nothing else to say that was useful. But hey, "Forest" is not completely hopeless, even * that * bad, actually. If anything else, at least he obeys, of course, unwritten, the first rule of the killer of the 80's: to kill somebody in the first 10 minutes of playing. You must have heard about the basic premise of this movie about a dozen times, but do not let it discourage you to watch it, because "The Forest" has several things that can offer more than just an attractive, evil image. In fact, it's a little atypical killer of the 80s! The main characters are not ordinary teenagers without a brain and the script has a solid ambition towards a supernatural being. The concept is not always successful, let alone acceptable, but it's more than interesting to keep your attention, and there are even a few surprisingly powerful moments of tension and twisted dance. Two married couples decide to camp in the California's most protected forests, but due to a stupid bet, women travel separately from their husbands. Barely set for the night, they receive incredible visits from a mother who searches for her two children, the children themselves and at the end of a father who is looking for human flesh. A demented family can be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrive, they are already gone. And men meet their family and learn more about the background that is a bit dysfunctional. "Forest" is, at the very least, a strange and unusual movie. This is not a masterpiece of planning, but a completely strange atmosphere will surely attract open fans of 80 horrors. The murders are rather terrible and recorded, including a slit throat and a painful sight of the sight, and the locations of the shooting are stunningly beautiful. The more you think about the story and its sudden crafts, the less it makes sense, and my advice would be to enjoy this strange viewing experience as long as it lasts, and not a minute longer. Acting performances are a bit above average, music is fine and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for the exploitation of "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a bit more creative than most of the 80's horror films. It's a pity that eventually fails.
