Last night I watched this movie in anticipation, but I was not really impressed. With the exception of 'Combo', I thought that the performance was bad and that the story was limited. It happened as a drama "made for television". I felt that the film was very fictitious. The whole set of hammers in the context of the beginning (yes, we understand that it is the UK of the 80s - you can now stand) was tired and gave a very unilateral view of what life was in Britain - poverty, war versus the kingdom, Margaret Thatcher, but nothing between? Then there were middle classes - only ordinary working people, with a decent salary and a mortgage. Falkland pistons also seemed randomly added to the end, for a 'dramatic effect', I guess. The sequence of events felt that it was then unrelated because the characters moved one action to another without seeing how their thinking could have changed so quickly. The relationship between 'Shaun' and 'Smell' was curling. I could not even watch the scene of a drink. It is very hard for me to believe that a young boy who was not only much younger would attract, but he looked much younger. I know that there were only four years between them, but four years are nothing when you reach your twenties, but there is a big difference in your teens! According to my experience, such a difference in the teenage age occurs only when the girl is younger, because the girls ripen much faster and are more at the wavelength of a boy a few years older. I'm sorry, but I did not buy it - unnecessary plot created for the value of shock. The end was a bit sharp and, again, fictitious. If the flip-flop incident should have been iconic, then it fell in my eyes. It makes me wonder if British movies are just dealing with higher layers or the poor. Do not misunderstand me, I love Trainspotting, and Four Veddings has their charms, but can not the British think of something differently? Why are our movies always so connected to the class system? I was born in 1973, so it did not differ much from the age of 'Shauna' that would have been in 1983. However, my childhood experiences were considerably different from those shown in the film - I do not even remember that racism is a problem (although I do not say that it did not exist). "This is England"? Not by my experience. The bottom thing is that I felt that this movie had no essence, and I was completely boring and uninterrupted.
