It's always hard to have a brother who is better in your life than you, you always struggle to get out of this shadow and do not let that bitterness keep you away from your family. Imagine your elder brother is Santa Claus and then imagine how hard it is. That's the premise here. Vince Vaughn plays the title of Fred, a bitter loser who consumes a lot of energy to ensure that people do not go around expecting that good things will happen to them or give their brother. , Santa Claus (played by Paul Giamatti), is too praised for being simply in the light of a bright, hungry, somewhat creepy guy that Fred would like to portray him as. Then, would not you know, Fred needs financial services and so he has to make up for it by helping his brother in the race for Christmas. And there are joys and life lessons. Well, this should be happening. The reality is that we get a Christmas movie with a few good moments of Vaughn's patented quick conversation, a funny out-of-nowhere moment for a video, Kevin Spacei plays an auditor to close Santa's operation (and he's one of the weakest) I've seen a bit of a bad time ), not enough of Elizabeth Banks in Christmas clothes, too much of John Michael Higgins in his elf clothes (to be honest, it's still the highlight) and a movie that's too much to swim in bitterness to feel like a good season ride, but it's overstretched in the last half, to feel it and as a party to all the bad things about the commercialism of the time. Rachel Veisz is also ready to ride, such as Kathy Bates, but this is nothing other than Vaughn's movie and if you like his style you will find something you will enjoy. Unfortunately, there is little that would recommend this seasonal stink. Beyond Vaughn's ranting, the script barely raises something decent with the exception of a particularly good scene that includes a hilarious support group that deals with a very specific problem. David Dobkin's direction is central and stable as a 20p Christmas greeting you send aunt who you have not seen for 10 years and seems to think that simply placing ingredients without a good mix or decent care is guaranteed by delicious Christmas pudding. No, we get a burnt, gentle chest with too much sugar on top. Forget this and screw up the hilarious Elfa again if you want a great, modern Christmas comedy. Take this if you want: Santa Claus 2, Santa Claus, Santa Claus 3: Escape Clause.
