We Take: A Tired Formula Christmas Comedy. Laughter is tired, and talents seem to be behind him. I love holidays as much as the next guy (even if I often have a bad case of holiday blues), but it seems to be just a landfill for a bunch of Holidai comedies that would be bad movies every day of the year, but that's them It does not make it less painful during the season. As if we already had enough movies about SANTA CLAUDE (we are still counting three and gulp *), who wants to see a movie about his brother? At the store that will be at home with Disney's franchise SANTA CLAUSE (except for the occasional rude humor and the Santa's Little Helper with a short skirt), FRED Claus is one joke of 116 minutes. Of course, Jolly Ol 'Saint Nick has a brother, but where does that go? Damage is real. FRED CLAUS was blessed with plaster that could have made him a pleasant Christmas comedy that would probably melt along with the snow, but that would be much better than this. Vince Vaughn is your typical snob, but it leads us to believe that he is a really lost brother of Santa Claus (Paul Giamatti), who calls his good old brother to visit. Ms. Claus (Miranda Richardson) is reluctant, and worse, an expert on efficiency (Kevin Spacei) has come to look after Christmas Children, and his thing is close to closing. Hah! And guess who's playing Santa's Mother! Kathi Bates of course. Elizabeth Banks is Santa Claus's assistant Charlene, John Michael Higgins is one of the elves, and Rachel Viesz plays Fred's girlfriend! I do not know whether I would praise a casting or hit him. Here we have some famous faces that add a touch of quality, but they are given too little to do with them. Regarding humor, the best that FRED CLAUS can make sense is Santa's Brother, which is his contradiction and some joke about the DJ elf. I have to admit that I had a few laughs, including Fred who attended group counseling for the celebrity brothers (where Stephen Baldwin, Roger Clinton and Frank Stallone joined him), but giggle begins and ends there. Worse still, the film is even subjected to sentimentality that should make us "feel good" and teach us a lesson about "what Christmas really means." Apparently, what Christmas means to Hollywood is to get as much as the rest of our Christmas shopping money can. Rate: ** from 5th.
