"Fred Claus" somehow avoids making this year's "Santa Claus" at least a bit more entertaining moments than Tim Allen, but that does not mean that there is enough to be worth traveling to the theater. As for movies for vacation, it's unnatural and sentimental. But in fact, this could be the least worry when "Fred Claus," boasting of David Dobkin ("The Knights of Shanghai"), contains a really real funny moment while clumsily treading the line between the courageous Vince Vaughn and the fuzzy Christmas movie. In the end, that does not mean much. And with the acting team composed by Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacei, Rachel Veisz and Kathi Bates, he is increasingly disappointed. Vaughn plays Fred, Nick (Giamatti) of an elderly and alienated brother. Once upon a time, they left him and their parents (Bates and Trevor Peacock) after they had enough to support the favor of their parents to his younger sister. Nick grew up in Santa Claus (and as our voice speaks, time is freezing for you and your family when you become a saint), while Fred becomes a man struggling with a tail in Chicago, who hardly recalls his girlfriend Vandin (Veisz) birthday. He was in trouble with the law, and he had to call his younger brother (who slyly looks at least ten years older than him) to get him out of jail. Nick agrees, but only if Fred agrees to help with toys in the North Pole. Fred agrees reluctantly, but his cynicism fights with Santa Claus, and is always blissful with the nature of the elf, even when the Space Expert checks the operations of the toy factory, he is only pleased that all operations in the Arctic turn off if things fail. /> Film, as said, has its moments, but the coated racing length extends them through the duration. In the meantime, the bunch of Christmas movie clips worn better, say, "Elf", and attempts at sentimentality are as dear as last year's fruit cake. Vaugn, as usual, brings out its rough charm. at the desk, but the castrated scenario about Dan Fogelman keeps him REALLY doing his thing. Giamatti, under a bad fat suit, brings a cheerful old charm to his cult character, but unfortunately he has to play another violin for Fred. Spacei brings his face to the game, but his trades usually end up as meaninglessly empty. Ultimately, "Fred Claus" becomes a movie that is forgotten and falls below what they deserve. Of course, there are also worse ways to start a season in the cinema, but of course there are many better ways.
