Painfully bad Christmas movie that has an equally ill performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual frat boi self, but this time for a children's movie, but without the humor or charm that is in his R rated films. Vaughn looks like he is on the autopilot, although most of the film is constantly running into the walls with his obscure performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you would be in contact with your inner eyebrow and say "Bahumbag" about how much this film is immortal and after 30 minutes, you will want to walk about how much the film is unbearable at that moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Veisz bring some life perspectives to paper-tight roles, and this is male because they are both too good for the actors to be in this film. Paul Giamatti brings the depth and warmth of the character of Saint-Nick himself, but is forced to Vaughn's level of juvenile behavior when working his sad brothers. At Giamatti, you can see that he does not entertain himself with his role and painfully shows in certain parts of the film. Rachel Veisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she does not really have much character to do with her and you can see on her face that she is aware of it, so that it seems to be irritated in some parts. Movie. Fortunately for her, she is not at all in the movie and can save some face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be releasing her agent to the end of the movie. The direction also feels uncomfortable, as if there is no feeling or flow that should have, and this is supposedly a movie for a break, but in the end it feels like just staring at the supreme display of the widow who is crumbling. > I do not know what went wrong but with only two actors (Giamatti and Veisz) who tried to at least bring something to the table with an unannounced script they had to work with, they spotted the direction of the subject at hand ( and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who just does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very uneven film that is very painful to watch.
