Recapitulation: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals found in ice in the Antarctic. The mysterious block was dug up and brought to an Antarctic research station. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, was brought in to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation quickly turns awkward, especially as other researchers practically throw it at him. And the block of ice with things in there quickly melts unnaturally. Soon the building is outdoors. The mystery continues even though the object generates a huge amount of electricity. It was decided to open the facility, but shortly before, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open." But too late, and the object explodes as it is finally broken, and two things are released on the ground. The first is an alien, who was asleep in the facility, and the other is a virus that immediately kills research staff. And Washington, who is suspiciously updating this historic event, decides that these things can not be freed on earth. So, the Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons is sent to the Antarctic. Comments: The film has a few surprises. One of them is Carl Levis, who surprisingly puts a good acting performance, and the other is that special effects are nice, well-processed and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many of its own surprises, and this time it's not in a good way. In fact, it's so much of a hole for works that sometimes makes movies consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It has never really been explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is capable of commanding Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and now wakes up. It's really embarrassing to transmit an alien capsule in an understandable English language. Some could explain this by the fact that an alien had previously been on Earth and knew the language (and apparently chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why fine aliens who obviously want to save Earth from the virus send their message "Do not open"! And finally, the end is open as the end can be. The film is a bit fun, but too much energy (from me) must be redirected to fill the gaps in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression about the film is not very good. 3/10
