OK, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer is a friend of the Dalai Lama." What we do is first to get the lead star without any idea of ​​how to make a German accent, and we let him wander between French, German, American and British for more than two hours. Then we gather a series of wild incredible events and distribute them very widely, so that the plot is moving away almost imperceptibly. But just to make sure the viewer does not sleep, we throw out details that are shockingly absurd, such as our hero who smokes a cigarette at a height of 22,000 feet. Of course, we must bear in mind that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have every character, even the lowest peasant in the forbidden closed city of Lhasi in 1943, speaking perfect English, also with dubious accents. Of course, the hard part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so we do this: we have the Dalai Lama to make friends with the now reformed Nazi, because he is so good at playing movie projectors, radio stations. , antique cars, and any other devices that represent the freedom of the capitalist west. In return, our hero finds out from his young patron of a kind of vague, undefined Buddhism that has never been brought to its attention or treated in a serious way. We also have many scenes with a hero who bemoans all the signs of respect and protocol that the rest of the Tibetan society gives Dalai Lama, even as we pretend that the hero deeply and deeply respects those people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we expect the audience to believe that this man is now a Buddhist, in a way, in his own way, although it seems to me that we do not know what his transformation means or how far we want to go. And last but not least, we put statistical data at the end of the film about how the Chinese have staggeredly treated the Tibetans (which is certainly true), opening up the accusations that we made a "political" film, although it is nothing like it. So, then it's the same idea. Are you zinc? Can I make a movie?
