This is not quite enough for the depths of Creepsh 3, but is approaching. It also uses the same technique of using some of the same actors in multiple roles in anthology, which is at least a hindrance. It is also quite irritatingly disconnecting the Twilight Zone (where the bookstore is comparable to Serling's later night gallery). Unfortunately, producers and writers have forgotten that Serling will build sympathies for his characters before they ruin them. None of the characters is particularly cute or interesting to the last segment. The framing of the story: Adam West is ... well, he himself. He is not going to Bruce Vaine / Batman's way, but rarely. He simply plays a non-particularly-enigmatic "Jai" (there is a malignant name for spine-chilling to compare with Dr. Terror, Eramus, and The Criptkeeper), and makes some mild embarrassing / creepy statements. Abernathi: Seen Rod Serling's "Stop at Villoughby"? Then you saw this. Red Herring wife with nutsoom is introduced for no purpose, but even a friend of the protagonist identifies him as a weak person. As can be expected, but essentially inconsistent. Nek's Diner: It resembles various stories about traveling through Serling, mixed with Steve Allen's "Meeting of Minds". Most actors are not bad (except Josh Astin as Cassius, who manages to walk, talk and even breathe awkwardly), and the idea is mildly interesting. But like Abernathy, it does not go anywhere. The main character asks some relatively sensible questions, pulls out something (who would not?), And for some reason end up in a nuclear waste. Life Replai: Not a bad little piece, and it manages to predict both Click and Creepshov 3. I guess it writes something that people are fascinated by magical properties of remote controls. The main character is mildly cute. Nothing really innovative here, but that's fine. Fighting spirit: You see how tweeting is approaching miles away, but as the main character, there is little heart, and it's a decent story of defeat and redemption. /> Finale: Well ... why do people end up in cold warehouses in silver dresses? I do not know. And it does not make sense. So ... all the protagonists entered the bookstore and got trapped? Kinda undermines the happy end of the boxer (thanks, guys!), And the guy in the first segment died. So how was he captured? Did he visit the bookstore before he died, captured and ... did not die? What? Huh? I suppose that is not expected to make sense because it is supernatural. But nevertheless ... All in all: it basically does not differ from the two newer series Tvilight Zone, or some episodes of Tales From the Darkside or Monsters. The last two stories and part of the other are probably worth your time. But nothing is spectacular here.
