And perhaps, as Fred Sandford said, "one over the lips." It's for those who published this film to the public. And perhaps a person in the "Rue Morgue" who called this "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. Five young girls, obviously getting a short house from high school, get lost and stop asking for a direction in a small shop in the middle of nothing. As the driver accidentally hit a parked SUV and faded the headlights, the girls decided to simply leave and find the driver. But the driver came to find them, and it was not just that the headlights on her vehicle were cleared up, but for another reason that the girls still do not understand. When the driver seizes them for the first time, she (yes, it is she) spreads the gun to shoot and makes them crawl, and screaming at them constantly "how much did you see?". Of course, girls are scared to death and do not know what she's talking about. How the Night Is Happening, the girls end up in the game of a cats and mice with a SUV driver, who manages to inflict all kinds of injuries to girls, which are extremely resistant to explosions of pistols and screwdrivers where they did not want them. In the end, they came to discover that something happened in that store after they left, which is the reason for the psychotic rage of this woman. And in the end, they have a chance to retaliate and accept as much as possible. There are elements of this film that are quite disturbing and intimidating, but unfortunately these moments are undermined by bad acting. , bad dialogue and huge credibility failures. One girl is hit by an explosion from a firearm and appears to be deadly wounded, and she feels cold, her life passes through her eyes, but is it better? And how far can the mini-van be driving on an almost empty gas tank at 80 miles per hour? I need one of these things, obviously gets a lot of mileage. It was supposed to end when the girls revenge, but the film goes on a little after that, which is anti-culminating, but they at least learn something about what put off a woman and the driver is still worried that he would "screw up his mother's van," which is obviously the least worry. So, this is not This is the worst movie I've seen, but it's too amateur to be good, and again a bit scary and horrible to be totally horrible. But you need to take a cake for a lot of hysteria and you will want to put two on your ears if you're watching this. Which, by the way, I do not recommend. 4 of 10
