Five Across the Eies begins when five young teenagers ride home in time for their police time, stop at the store and accidentally hit a second car and decide to unwind and leave. Shortly after the second car forced them to quit, a crazy woman with a shotgun went out and yelled at them, forced them to take their clothes and make them drink at them and then rattled randomly. Shaken & shocked girls think their trouble is over, but the crazy woman returns in a few seconds as she looks like the intentions of killing the scared girls who have lost and are low on gas ... Produced and directed by Greg Svinson and Rian Theissen with Svinson writing the thing and Theissen responsible for cinema and editing I must say that Five Across the Eies is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst, I think I'm struggling on a movie I've seen It's worse. Now that I begin to say that I am sure that many film decisions that were made here were intended to provoke the atmosphere, tension, realism and uncertainty, but there is not any aspect of the movie Five Acet the Eies that I do not hate to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that's set on YouTube, and even then it's still a bit embarrassing and honestly worthless loss of 90 minutes from my time that I could do something more fun and fun to pull my nails with tongs. Reviews on the web look pretty positive, but on the IMDb (the amount of reviews with 1 star reveals and they can not all be wrong, right?) And that's the board message that I think is much more than an indicator of what the average person thinks it is absolutely destroyed by everyone, and the term 'worst movie I've ever seen' is used several times and to be honest, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, okay, I suppose it is minimalist, but minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and only feels completely accidentally. This has been going on for years, and the amount of complications here would have struggled to fill thirty minutes for the television program at full length. The dialogue is terrible with these boring girls who do not have a brain cell between them, taking on random things and screaming a lot. O God screaming, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or crying, which not only irritates and annoys and prevents any rational audience from feeling any compassion towards them, but what they are trying to say is almost impossible to hear properly . Then there's a real killer, the entire movie is set up and shot in the limits of a mini van, seriously the camera never leaves this car, and as you can imagine getting bored, add that the low body only one person died on the screen & Five Across the Eies is a movie I hated with passion. Again at the technical level, I see that the film style here was a deliberate choice, but again I have to be honest & sai Over my eyes is the worst movie I've ever seen. As a film admirer, I like my movies to look like real films because it's a visual medium and I definitely do not want to look worse than the average IouTube videos or my home movies recorded on the camcorder while I was drunk. It really seems to be amateur and that's bad, it's a complete eye and I hate every moment every second. Just imagine The Blair Vitch Project (1999) is only ten times higher than it looks and sounds and you will be almost there. There are cases when in "Five Across the Eies" literally you can not tell what is happening or happens because of camera work and almost black and grainy contrasts. Violence was trampled with a few sprays of blood and stab in the end. Low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eies, with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000. one of the lowest-budget movies ever received a wide release. The two vans in the movie were owned by members of the production and this is essentially almost the entire budget right there, at locations. The acting is pretty bad of the acting, I just hated all the fake items on crying and screaming that were not convincing at all, but they were very irritating. Five eyes will fall as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen several movies, whenever someone is asking me now which is the worst movie I've ever seen. Five will be sure to mention . I hated it, every aspect of it and a miserable moment.
