Less than 10 minutes in this movie I wanted to finish because it was painful. All about this "horror" movie was a group of cowards who made a nonsense for 90 minutes, arguing, crying and screaming. Do not let positive reviews deceive you because it's a really horrible movie and you really should not watch it. Film story has the potential to be something great, but it simply does not happen. A group of five "teenage" girls are riding home one night when they find themselves searching for a crazy female driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes into the movie, and the characters are already arguing and this does not stop. All we have in 90 minutes is a bunch of girls who cry, cry, scream, "act" and fight. No dialogue is interesting, so you can not really know these characters or enjoy them. The act was terrible and shocked by the knowledge that these characters were meant to be teenagers. None of these women looked like a day under 20, and one of them seemed to be almost 30 years old. At least find people who look old. Neither of them gave even decent performance, and they seemed to be chosen from the street or were friends of the director without any acting skills. "The actress" who played the killer exaggerated, but at least she showed something that other girls did not - a little talent. Characters do not help things because these girls are a bunch of hooky, stupid bitch. That's all I can really say about them, and it did not help that SVI survived. If I have to deal with details, in one scene, girls are murderers, and their car has been knocked out a lot. One girl hurt and yelled ... four do not wear belts ... what do you expect? One of your friends is brutally attacked by a killer ... and you're simply by chance "too hurt" to help? Anyways. Film shooting is absolutely terrible. I do not care if this movie had a peanut-size budget, the recording was horrible and it was like watching a pirated version of the movie. Kamerman was obviously in a car with girls, somewhere pushed by the window and the amount of time the camera blurred, shaken and wiped out against the "actress" was terrible. It was also grainy, and sometimes you could not hear what the characters said (not that there was something worth listening to). Allegedly, the killers in the film (allegedly affected, even if we only heard an accident) are actually a direct-acting car in real life. No wonder they did not show the car hit! This film is so cheap, I can not even show that the car is scratching. Oh, I have to mention a soundtrack ... if that was. She was terrible ... sad one second and then heavy. At the end of the day, Five Across The Eies feels like a horrible home movie shot in the middle of the night, with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and fighting for 90 minutes. It does not help when the script is awesome, fears / tension / uncertainty and (hardly any worse to compensate) absent, acting is terrible, and image quality and recording are terrible. <br /> <This was a horrible low-budget movie. Avoid it at all costs. 1/10
