- Contains miner's spoilers - I've seen a series of decent Indie horror movies such as The Hamiltons, The Bois Love Mandi Lane and Cabin Fever; Unfortunately, I felt that Five Across the Eies was not included in this category. From the beginning to the end, the film is burdened with an amateur acting that responds to a very bad scenario, God only knows why the writer (s) thought a dialogue like "Do not go there; you: if she gets you, she will kill you and kill you, you're dead "is film quality. This film shows very little character development and to be honest, I do not care less about being pain and torture because they are just a group of girls who do not show almost any characteristic. Everything they do is crying and joking throughout the film and if the girls do not cry their arguments; When they discuss topics, they are completely random: about getting to know the boy or how one of the girls girls is recently cremated (the appropriate subjects when you are being tracked by a psychotic killer). Soundtrack is also an unusual exposure to the techno music core during initial and final credits (although listening to credit music knowing that the end is approaching looks like a sky). I suppose that because of a little or no budget, the director was limited to just one digital camera in the car for girls almost the whole movie. I think it was an attempt to keep the audience as close as possible to the action: to feel and experience what the girls go through. But because of a very cluttered camera, grainy pictures and too close the action, it's hard to say what's going on during the action scenes and it's just chaotic. One thing is to make the movie subjective, but another is that there are actions on the screen that the audience can not decipher because of bad cinema. I understand that Five Across the Eies is a low budget. but this does not justify the extremely poor quality. There are no factors that reveal this movie: bad acting, bad script, poor camera work and no story. In the light of all this, I decided to give a film 1 of 10 because it left me very disappointed; wanting a meteor to hit the ground, bringing me sweet relief. Their 94 minutes of stupid college students are crying, arguing, running smoothly and having accidental conversations. However, how many times do you come to see girls running into their own hands and throwing shit on the windshield of a hunting car.
