I'm astounded. Yes that's right. I'm really caught here. There is no way that it was terrible to me, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in the ghostly hysterical and blatant decoupling. The idea behind such a trio, the minimal low-budget Indie production is not bad, but it's a confused confusion and in the end it did nothing for me. It's amateurish and simple; she wants to use unlimited thinking and do it in such a fashionable, fast-paced style of shooting. We have a documentary camera (handheld) that moves everywhere (despite never coming out of the van), and sometimes it feels uncensored and blurred, making certain details hard to understand. Lately, you get used to it, but there are moments when it becomes too confusing and even tedious. It will continue to help. The context has little foundation (which has five teenagers on the road home from a football game late into the night and is lost on the side roads.) In the store next to the road, they intertwine in a minor accident that breaks down the unoccupied SUV headlights Scared, they flee not too long when behind them there is a light terrain that will soon make its night an unforgettable temptation in horror) spending most of the time playing a drawn, crazy and ruthless game of cats and mice. What about harassment? I suppose it depends. Some moments can make you bother with his attention to pain, desperation and crazy brutality (with the good use of the FKS piercing sound that seems to be more favorite with regard to the images and not forgetting the alienating background sound effects), but I myself found it. In passages, it can be repulsive and intense with a real gradual screaming, but hardly it's likely. Injuries to casual characters never seem so serious as you believed, despite what they should obviously be. Watch how the blood flows freely, but it's not quite convincing and it can become boring. A constant night car search could have done so much before it started to repeat itself. We scream, drop, bleed, crash, weep, body fluids, and so on. There were also quite unfavorable details. With a bit of what to do, he needed a much more powerful script than that dirty compilation that was written. There were too many disturbing moments from him, and there was not much depth for the characters and the situation in which they were. It was around the sets, waiting for the next painful encounter, and he pulled it long enough. The help was unpredictable. Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lillei, Sandra Paduch and Mia Ii are working people with their distressed characters and draw authentic chemistry to make up for the weaknesses of the script in their character. Veronica Garcia has reversed the intensity of stupid eyes as a crazy SUV driver? Yes, something. The true motivation of her character to terrorize girls and her instable state of mind practically does not exist. I suppose the psychotic was good enough. It's probably the worst thing that I've ever encountered in that function was that disgusting music. Terrible techno music, siren hard-rock and overvrought final score. He never felt exaggerated or stopped, but he wrinkled like a painful thumb. Co-directors Greg Svinson and Rian Thiessen try to get the maximum out of their small resources, but even with this nervous spirit it ends up being something quite nervous. Maybe it was pleasant to do, but watching was not the case.
