As horror fans we all know that blind hired crap. Sometimes we find the real gem, but many times we discover that the film that we just spent hard-earned money is nothing more than a hassle that has been exacerbated by the totally undeservised reviews and rewards of the film festivals listed on the box. Such is the case with Five Across the Eies (a title that I am sure is a dual entity that also applies to the budget of movies and to the compulsion that everyone who sees may have to use all five fingers to stab the eyes). The story, or at least what * * * * writers think is going for one, focuses on a group of teenagers who unreasonably decide to go on a stray walk late at night after they leave the football game and escaped by the crazy woman who plays the cat and the mouse with them as a punishment for what she thinks the girls found in her car after finding a bender at the petrol station. Honestly, it's an interesting idea. Some of the best horrors have very simple stories. In the execution of "Five over the eyes" this idea falls. The film tries to be a cross between the Blair Vitch Project and its trembling work on the camera, and Tekas Chainsav Massacre accesses material with bare bones, but it can not be either. Instead, we get superfluous scenes of chase, torture, liberation; Hunt for torture, release, in that order, 94 minutes with long interludes of whipping, mourning and unwary wandering that act as abundant padding between chasing sequences. The appearance of the film is incredibly granular and dark, which in a better made movie may have boosted tension and realism. It's just bored here. The characters are underdeveloped, and the viewer is hard pressed to find anything that would be nice to them. One character stops to get the first aid kit and has a tendency to get some scratches on her face while shooting from the background shows that her friends can be killed. Another girl is mumbling mournfully stupid lines like "Do not go out there, she'll get you, if she gets you, she'll kill you, and if she kills you, you're dead." It was the recognition of Fangoria Magazine and Dreadcentral.com on the list that made me check this out. Talk about a fake orgasm! Perhaps my expectations would have been fulfilled if this was in the comedy section. I'm a low-budget Indi horor, but this one takes shit. Give Five Across the Eies (or FATE; get it?) Pass. RazorFriendli gives FATE 1 slash of five /
