Watching TRUTH OF LOVE (is this a double statement about the star?) It's like turning white noise or water sounds produced to help you sleep - put it in a DVD slot because there is nothing else on the shelves store and you need to hinder after hard day. And for that it makes sense: to be a British romantic comedy is more. The story is pretty simple about Alice (Jennifer Love Hevitt), married to her far-reaching husband Sam (Jimi Mistri) who put her love life on hold due to the burden of his harsh law practice. His partner, Archie (Dougrai Scott), likes Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing attraction to Alice who overcomes friendship. Alice talks to sister Felicity (Kate Miles), the advocate of free love, who encourages Alice to have jobs. On Valentine's Day, after a drunk with her sister, Alice sends the card to Sam signed "Anonymous" as a test to see if Sam answers, testing his loyalty. At the same time, Archie sends Alice a packet of radish seeds, on which he did not enlist the suggestive love. Both have ek post facto regrets. Actually he spent time with his mistress Katja (Branko Katic) and really cheat Alice. Alice arranges meetings with Sam through e-mail and phone calls and is planning to meet with Sam dressed up in 'Anonymous' to test his loyalty. A whole series of characters is captured in a silly manner, and the ending proves that true love must be based on truth - and how it results in different couples is the surprise of a (kind) fluttering scenario. <br /> <British comedies work for the quality of writing and the ultimate quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hoye chose to act as a British actress like Alice, instead of putting a false accent on Jennifer Love Hevitt. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloor bounces between mildly humorous and pathetic in his messages. One terrible distraction is a music score that is consistently so loud that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes in London and a few moments of passionate humor, but in the end this little movie is really best used as background music / white noise. Builds Harp
