I've seen this movie since the time it was premiered. It was based on the idea that autistic children can communicate with typed messages with someone who just helps them and leads them with their hands. Then suddenly these kids, many of whom did not even watch the keyboard or screen when the messages were ticking (they could look up in the ceiling in some cases), but their moderators were eyes glued to keyboards, began to type messages of abuse from their parents and other people, sending parents and childcare facilities to the pro-Tibetan, left and right. opened it to the child and said "type the image you see", and when the presenter turned the folder to the moderator, the fold would collapse, revealing another picture. So while the child may have seen a dog, the moderator saw something like a boat. Every time, every damn time, the name of the typed picture is what the moderator noticed, never what the child is shown. So, who knocked? Never a child. This film has led to a catastrophic reversal, as the Australian poster said, the person who abused the child in the film was in a situation to try to help a child. Yes, Melissa Gilbert never put her son in that place, she would not be abused, that's what the movie says. He was better under her control. If I turn my child into your organization to help, and he is then mistreated, do you think I will be interested in listening to everything you have after that? Not likely! I think it's a sure bet that all these accusatory messages that these kids typed on, on which this film was based, never accuse someone in their operation as it happened here. Unfortunately, do you remember that the film gave a very good performance from Gilbert as autism's mother, but in addition, the film really did not do much. The worst was that a kid knocked at the end of Patti Duke, and we hear a mechanical voice that read what he wrote. . . . . "we won!" This child was abused. If you cut off my leg, and I take you to court and if you are found guilty of damaging me, an attack, anything, then it is legal justice, but it does not return my leg. Best, in my condition, I will watch it as an empty win. Any probability that this child has had on what is perceived as a normality with autism itself is further damaged by abuse. A "normal" child has enough to struggle with such an experience. It's completely superficial to think that you have to look at any situation and go "we are" if that person was found guilty in court. Only poor handling of the situation and the circumstances here.
