"Pretty guys with bad hairstyles !!" "Beautiful girls without any marks!" "Stupid Gangsters Vho Cannot Shoot Straight !!" From the Dragon Dinasti comes the Hong Kong gangster drama "Dragon Heat". For a reason likely to be completely obscure forever, the call for production and voting for the movie 'criminals-on-steroids' is somehow signed Maggie K and Michael Biehn as criminals. But they do not get everything they need to do in this terrible football. They are the two best contemporary actors, each with his biography and list of achievements, and Biehn in particular had the courage to take on some rather challenging and non-heroic roles. Maggie K was a super-bad "Mai" in "Live Free or Die Hard," said Nuff. /> Biehn is, of course, known for being a soldier from the future who "Terminator" from 1984 made such a convincing science-fantasy fantasy, breaking up against Big Arnold, who is now governor of California! Michael Biehn is almost completely lost in this terrible accident in a police drama. There is absolutely no reason to do this because an incredibly tricky action-data mainly in Chinese, such as the Hong Kong story-could have been better developed for a non-Chinese audience with a foreign narrator. In other words, if Biehn was used as something like an Interpol observer or coordinator, or a deep-watered agent that needs to be "split" every five or ten minutes, that would be great. But no, it was brought to him as part of a strange group of bad types of special forces that seem to be free to do their own corrupt work, in the midst of a totally corrupt job involving a local king of corrupt deals. Yes, I said it all. Confused? And I also. "Welcome to the party, comrade." In a truly brilliant criminal drama in Hong Kong, known as "Breaking Nevs", there are a large number of fascinating characters at work, but there is only one story in the plot. Poor guys against good cops. In this miserable and excessively violent attack on the world of the Hong Kong Triad, or gang, it appears that the firearm police seem to be more than a parade of ducks in the gallery, as the criminals slam them. So, it's not surprising, there is an almost incomprehensible scene (in fact, several scenes), where children try to shoot wooden ducks in an arcade game to win prizes with stuffed animals. And so, the hot guys of the good guy quite naturally intervene on their behalf, so the owner of the arcade must renounce the Kevpie doll. There is also a half-hearted attempt to create a "love" interest "between a" visiting policeman "and the only female" visiting officer. "The visiting officers should be material witnesses against the gangster triad leader, who was abducted on his way to his court appearance, but not by his team, but mercenaries (Biehn, Maggie K, and others). These killers want something, but we can not learn what is it all the way to the very end of the movie !! It was a stupid mistake in the whole story. You can not build uncertainty in a criminal drama without getting, or getting, or getting away from being introduced very early in the story. /> Add to it some "cut-off scenes" that are made for purely artistic effects, all of which show bad badness boys and regular recent past bad guys, and every movie lover can easily understand why this dog gets a rating of 1 of this fan of films with criminals and conspirators and Hong Kong.
