At the end of "Dragon Heat," all I could imagine was why I tried to get through the whole thing. The premise of the movie is interesting and that me - like Maggie K - attracts in the first place. But, have I ever been disappointed? Screenwriter-director Daniel Lee can not hold the candle like John Voo, Ringo Lam and Corei Iuen. This must be one of the most adorable films I've ever seen. Lee is so embedded in his visual style - and I use this phrase incredibly loosely - to fill the film with absolutely unnecessary black and white photos, freezing frames, slow motion, quick movements and other visual nonsense. I suppose he did it all to compensate for the lack of a good story or dialogue. Action scenes are nothing special and they play as some accumulated music spot more than anything else. There is little concern for any of the characters - including two allegedly professional snipers who could not hit the wide side of the stables inside! - who are then burdened with some of the funniest dialogues I have seen in one of those Hong Kong shareholders. The plot is devoid of any turning-from the initial set-up, everything takes place in predictable fashion-and Lee feels the need to remind us of the stories of the characters in the case if we did not receive it for the first time several times. This is horrible amateur writing and filming and wasting talents of Sammo Hunga, Michael Biehn and Maggie K. Although, to be honest, it's hard to remember that Biehn was in a good movie not directed by James Cameron. If you are really in the mood for a great action in Hong Kong, it's better to stick to some of the staples - John Voo "The Killer" (1989) and "Hard-Boiled" (1992), Ringo Lam " Citi on Fire "(1987) - stolen by Kuentin Tarantino for" Reservoir Dogs "(1992) - or his" Point Blank "(1967) remake," Full Contact "(1992). Or, even look at Iuen's "So Close" (2002), superb fun, but still meaningless, popcorn. And there's always a great French policeman, "The Nest" (2002). True, most, if not all, are a bit exaggerated, but these are movies that are still exciting, exciting and even tense. They have characters we care about and incredible action sequences. "Dragon's heat", on the other hand, is terribly central. The problem is that Lee did not make a bad action movie, he made a boring film.
