The story goes like this: a girl from the small town of Katie (Jessica Simpson) decides to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When he arrives, he discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then ends up in an adventure that is New York. Filling bicycle comedies and charming accidents. She falls into a hole in the country and in this way introduces charismatic Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first glance, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being "just" a little girl and blonde by a few evil executives in a construction firm decides that she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Following are misunderstandings with harsh and sad consequences. However, this is one blonde who will not take it lying down! People who condemn this movie will soon prove to be wrong. Jokes are safe and convenient, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben is so natural that the shame gives everything Godard created. Multiple talented Jessica Simpson surprises again with a strong role only that she can withdraw. Simpson is truly Marilyn Monroe of our day (she even has one scene honor!). It perfectly balances between vulnerable and hypocritical. Katie really shows us that you can not judge the book by the covers! Luke Wilson is charming as always. Even if it was covered with fertilizer, a man would be as attractive as anyone. His light touch, the eyes of puppies and relaxed manner make it difficult to resist. Andi Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two devil's executives. He really can not be underestimated. The power of the play lies in its restraint. This is incredible, because most actors would simply run away with her and play for cheap laughter. Not this guy! In the end, the director Scott Marshall created an intelligent and often hilarious comedy that was destined to become a classic with masterpieces of the film, such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Honor everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and sincere laughter would make the hardest man come out in a big smile. You may be tough, but not so tough! It is warmly recommended to anyone who wants to get out of the leg and see a romantic comedy that once feels sincere. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and a sound clip! Now, if you have not yet got it. I am Sarcastic. 1/10
