It is usual that the film about repression is somewhat dimmed in style and tone. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and the encouragement of narcolepsy among members of the audience. In "The Secret Life of a Dentist", starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, and the result is a film that never comes out of the circle of rumors about how the teeth are a metaphor for Married Life. Scott gives a good performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist who is married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly establishes the dynamics of their relationship - is completely preoccupied with the everyday commitments to be parenting, she is quietly disappointed with her vigorous family life - and then increases tension when Scott can or can not testify to his wife with another man. From that moment on, the film focuses on whether David will confront his wife, Dana, about her possible adultery, or whether she will win him and leave him forever. From time to time, David visits the imaginary "friends" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (who hardly borrowed Tyler Durden Brad Pitt in the "Fight Club"). Although there is enough uncertainty about Dan's unbelief and David's instability to be questioned, the last two thirds of the film are shamefully empty topics or narratives. Instead, Rudolf creates a drama of a nasty fever that slowly travels through the Hurst family and culminates with a pointless visit to the hospital at the height of the film. The film never refers to indications to which David is truly capable, if he was not so dedicated to his family; nor spends much time watching Danin's uncertain balancing act between family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions. the momentum of his film. When the fifth member of the family appears sweating and disease, the film took full advantage of Scott's well-measured performances. David and Dana eventually returned back and forth, all the way to less than a cathartic finale. Given that nothing could be upgraded in the last hour, the conclusion seems unpleasant and patched. "The Secret Life of a Dentist" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. All in all, a disappointing, unimaginable film.
