Yes, I know - shaking with excitement. Well, * The secret life of a dentist * will not upset your expectations: it's solidly made, but essentially nonimaginary, true, but boring. This relates to the story of a married couple who is by chance a dentist and who share the same practice (a recipe for troubles: that there was no special working life, we would all throw away our spouses from pure irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and attitude do not recall Everiman, such as Ned Flanders of The Simpsons *, is a mild, uber-tat, and Hope Davis is a boring housewife who directs her frustration into an amateur opera. One night, while dad and daughters attended one of Davis's performances, he discovers that his wife directs his frustrations in more than singing: testifies that his wife loves and flirts with the director of the opera. (One nice touch: we never see the face of an opera director.) Reconsidering the possibility of initiating a separation, divorce and detention hearing - profitable only to lawyers - Scott decides to turn into ignorance of his wife's indiscretion. Already now, the scriptures among you begin to chant: ho-hum, another story about the Pathetic, Sniveling Little Cuckold. However, Rudolf, who took the story from Jane Smiley's novel, hopes that the well-being of materials will be compensated by a series of colorful, post-modern touches. For example, one of the Scottish warbler patients (Denis Leary, who remains relentlessly - and blessed - to be checked) will later become a kind of dental imagery design that appears as an advocate of the old - shaped male virtues ("Dump the b - h !", etc.). When not imagined by a new imaginary friend, Scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies involving his wife who is engaged on three occasions with two male dental assistants working in their practice. It does not go too far to say that this movie * For all people (or at least adults). In that sense, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are definitely recognizable human beings compared to the glamorous Coues and Kidman pairs. Furthermore, the * Secret Lives script is obviously more relevant than Kubrick's. As evidence, I offer a presentation of children of dentistry, especially the youngest who is about 3 or 4 years old, whose main statement is "Daddy! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad!" This is family life, well, with all your charms. The film would make an interesting double account with * Kramer vs. Kramer *, too. Feminisation of the American man from 1979 to 2003 can be easily monitored. In this film, Dad is a housewife like in * Kramer *, but he is by no means excited about the local role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too much to make. Here, Scott gets all the small tasks, such as deleting children's vomit, cooking, cleaning, taking away children in any activity after school finishing. And all without objection. (And without a director's comment, it's just taken for granted.) The film has virtues, mostly related to loyalty. However, it is taken from the size by its insistence on trendy disorders, which culminate in a long scene in which a horrible five-day flu is caused by a stomach in the household. We must endure the senseless fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. Whose existence, by the way, is finally reminiscent of the character of Prada in the Ptich Club *. And this ultimately leads to another big lack of film: lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was too easy to refer to many other films. However, this film is the improvement of most of them, but nevertheless. * The secret life of a dentist * is worth a look, but do not be too excited about it. (Not that you were so excited, anyway.)
