Obviously, none of the previous reviewers, most of whom are praising the film for their accuracy, actually read the biography of Louis Pasteur. The most pronounced inaccuracy is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. Although he was not a great character - he was an incompetent politician and a self-proclaimed "military genius" that allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war, he was not the stupid reactionary shown here. He had an intelligent interest in science, and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements she would bring. Far from expelling Pasteur, he was his PATRON, building his laboratory and providing him with all the resources. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. The bureaucrat, deciding that this is a loss of money for building a laboratory for someone who will soon be dead, ordered the job to stop on its own authority. The emperor heard about it, his resentment shook the bureaucracy, and there was a flurry of failure, and the job was immediately resumed. The Emperor personally visited the Pasteur to comfort him and convince him that he would receive his laboratory. members of his palace admired Pasteur's projects, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of the favorites of the emperor. Pasteur's main concern with the Emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was a practically wondrous worker who could do almost everything, and he constantly assigned tasks beyond his previous experience. Pasteur, a very humble man, always protested about it, but Napoleon would have said he had complete faith in him, and Pasteur, despite their doubts, always had close and friendly relations, and after the Car was over, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful for the rest of his life. Part of his daughter who had a baby, and Pasteur sacrificed her principles to get a doctor, it never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, which he was familiar with, is generally correct, but the idea that the anthrax experiment was elevated from darkness to fame He was famous and respected at the time when this happened. This film is OK from a dramatic point of view but very distorted as a biography.
