I saw Chan Is Missing when it first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Perhaps it was a perspective of several years, but this film seems to have better grasped the essence of the city and its people than anything I have ever seen (still). It focuses on a particular community - the Chinese - but that's fine, because a large part of the soul of the city turns through settings, faces and perhaps above all the voices of characters. Not a tourist in San Francisco. The settings are modest and everyday: taxi taxis, Chinese restaurant restaurants, houses in the Richmond District, small apartments in the Chinese district and offices for small businesses, moles, the Philippine elderly center. This is what the city looks like and feels day by day for people living there - even now, in the era of urban renewal of the Silicon Gulp. Unlike, for example, Dirty Harry (in his own way, a great San Francisco film), everything is recorded at street level: We understand the point of view of characters from the perspective that the environment gives them, not from some strange dizziness of Shooting. Vang was apparently shot at B & V because he did not have the money to do it differently, but one of the strongest visual elements of the film is the natural light he achieves. Often rough, ubiquitous quality of sunlight is one of my closest associations with San Francisco: It seems to reveal everything, bringing buildings, hills, other sights in a row and, in a fun way, making people passing through the streets look more individual and potentially closer to you than they could elsewhere. Vang's photograph perfectly conveys this, and even helps the story at all points. Wang sees the speech and style of conversation of the Chinese and other dreams of Franciscans better than anyone ever, I think. If there is such a thing as the true accent from San Francisco, "that's what you hear from a medallion mediator of" a proud taxi "(I think) that appears on the phone in one scene (listen to how he calls a person at the other end" The story is touching and, in spite of a few very slight missteps, it is well expressed by the attitudes of the longing for the hearts of people who live in old immigrant communities - including justified political and ethical insults, and a bit of ironic entertainment, which help to encourage them. - Maybe because That's not to say - it's enough to say that the search for Chan for two hackers becomes a search for something more personal than the 1930s (I suppose) about San Francisco and his crazy diversity. , but somehow not completely.
