Live! Yes, but not hitting. True story: Some time ago, a Dutch TV station announced that it would broadcast a new reality shov. Competition pre. The main participant in this show would be a woman who dies of something terrible and she would donate her kidneys to a happy person with progressive kidney failure. Really. Land and the international media have crossed this story like a fly at the crowd, saying it was a terrible, immoral, what-it-this-world-arrival, and the like. In a way, I had to agree. As the months went by, the tension was built to the point that the government was mostly busy asking whether it should allow this show to continue or not, instead of running the country. The emission was in the air and continued until the last moment. And by the last moment the country was armed, the Prime Minister held speeches, every leaf was written about it, everyone in the country held their breath. And the net is pushed. By the new border on television. And they definitely managed to do just that. They pushed the envelope. The emission was broadcast and we all watched as an inexpressibly ill woman chooses the right candidate for receiving the kidney so that he or she would live, while she would soon die. And then, in the last moments of the show, it was discovered that it was a partial flush. The woman was not sick, but everyone was a candidate. There was no kidney auction. The entire show, which, along with publicity and advertisements, and all discussions, built for months to a fantastic climax, was a publicity to draw attention to the problem of major shortcomings in organ donors. The man who founded this network died of kidney disease. Now this is television. Leaving everything behind in wonder. Do not give me a bad acting, badly directed movie about a woman trying to show Russian roulette on American television. As * As * Spoiler * Like I will believe it will get it through the FCC. It's like I will believe that it will go through the US Supreme Court on the basis of free expression. As if I would trust a meaningless ending where this woman had pulled him away and had problems with conscience because some guy shot himself in the air. Everything has already been done. Instead, watch Running Man with Arnold. At least he had a half-good ending. Spoiler * This is a horrible bad movie, along with a funny ending. So, in the end, she was shot, would it have to make us film with the public feeling better after leaving the theater because there was some kind of justice? Do not take my word for it, but I would say this: leave this alone and watch the test sample, you will get more quality.
