Haiden Christianson and Jessica Alba, two of my least favorite actors of this century, have teamed up with what is probably the thinnest attempt to make the remake already effect the effect of the Butterfly. Budan is so boring and so insensitive that it would be better for you to sleep. Terrance Howard is still recovering from the devil Augustus Rush, sets up a decent fight as a sadistic doctor who seems to be brave to kill Christianson and after watching his performance I would gladly help. The rise of the Silver Surfer. It is naturally catastrophic and equally imperceptible as always. She was only once quite brilliant in being in the safe hands of the director Robert Rodriguez in the City of Sin. Is it possible that Jessica alba is not as bad as an actress as she is responsible for it and that it is likely that her acting skills are narrowed down by a bad scenario. If so, that could explain the awakening. What about a script that would embarrass Plan 9 from the universe. Jessica Alba, Hayden Kristenson and Terrence Howard act for the first time by director / writer Joby Harold, a psychological thriller about a man who has experienced a scary common surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic consciousness", in which those exposed to surgery they remain aware of what is happening around them, even though they are completely paralyzed and incapable of helping. When a successful young boy (Christenson) went under the knife and realized that anesthesia did not fully perform its job, horror is quickly imposed when his worried wife (Alba) is eagerly waiting and the horrible drama takes place in the operating room. Hoping to do what the Final Destination did for the airplanes for operational desks, this first attempt by director Job Harold turns on blood with frozen blood. The pre-loan sequence tells us that one out of 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as 'anesthetic consciousness', where the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during the operation. One such unfortunate individual is Claiton Beresford Jr. (Haiden Christensen), who found himself awake during a heart transplant ... and can feel every piece. Occasionally inventive while checking his martyr Psychos, Avake fails to bring the real horror into his new premise. Spiral of cold simplicity in an absurd plot, interrupting the stiff revolutions of Christensen and Jessica Alba. Would you like to have a sedative before watching? VERDICT: The awakening is at best extremely unsophisticated. A film that does not strike any one that has undoubtedly looked better on paper. As a film, though terribly generic and extreme. Wake up, they fail to put fear into their new premise. The end result is really pretty bad. Alba and Christian are the least worried, because the main lack of films lies in his inability to scare his audience. Wake up the movie you'll most likely sleep.
