This is the happiest and funniest thriller I've ever seen. Oh .... where to start .... Plot (what little there is): Claiton Beresford Jr. (Haiden Christensen), a young billionaire, with a bad heart, desperately needs a transplant. Clay is secretly hired for PA's mother, Samantha, played by Jessica Alba. On the night when these two secretly marry, a donor of heart with the same type of rare blood is accidentally found. Go and understand the chances of it! Once on the operating table, Clai finds that anesthesia does not work, and he can feel everything and hear everything. Fortunately, Clai seems to be able to filter the pain of cutting a sharp scalpel open his chest by concentrating on his memory of Samantha, which we were told to do it through a boring voice that never was stops. If you have not yet scattered in laughter, it will surely start when you see surgical scenes. How would a young billionaire agree to operate a heart transplant by a single surgeon, a nurse, a doctor, and a drunk anesthetist? There were more people in the room when my tooth of wisdom was withdrawn. Not to mention medical behavior, which is too absurd to grasp it seriously ... the operating room is not even sterile ... people are virtually able to just walk in and out of the room without even flushing it. During the operation, the viewer sees Clai's thoughts, none of which is too fascinating. Ah ... but here's what the doctors ... are trying to kill him to take his money. Believing it is unconscious, the villains speak freely. God! What will happen? Well ... at least there is no disturbance from anyone else in the hospital, while the incompetent doctor who has four lawsuits against abuse works against him carries out a major heart surgery. Even Clai's overweight mother is not able to check his status. The only one interested in updating is Samantha ... but oh no ... can I be on it .... You'll quickly find out through some Scooby Doo dialog ... In the end, you would not it was important whether Clai was subjected to anesthesia awareness, because in both cases he would end up in the same way. If you can ignore the feeling that the director / writer is trying to ridicule patients who have become an anesthetist, there may be some stupid fun ... Enjoy ...
