I doubt its importance for Kueer Cinema, because it seems that this is more about homosexual encounter through violent behavior than there would be clear statements about homosexuality and violence. Three stories are clinging to a pretty messy way. I found myself trying to crucify a messy story in the first 15 minutes, which itself did not sit well. Weak points are often repeated as if we were not getting the first 10 times. There was a feeling of coated dialogue throughout the film. More like a 45-minute short child's short film, not a complete movie. He had a certain erotic talent, male nudity and sexual attraction, but the total amount was not equal to his parts. The first part: The Boker / Stalker story was the strongest and yet it felt like it was pulled thin. Bob follows Tim for four years and is only now facing him? I felt like their cat-mouse game was not sufficiently developed to make a conclusion. We needed more information about them and lesser scenes of the parking lot / cupboard with Tim, who constantly said, "What do you want?" Part Two: Danny wants his friend, Tony, to beat him while he gives up. Tony, it seems, does not matter, but he does not even seem interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby - even after doing it naked. This story lacks an important transition from "I'm a real boy who sends my boyfriend to a party" to "I think I could be gay and hit him because I would like to expand my ass and do S / M style." Very an important thing to be left out. It is clear that these stories could transfer their points in half an hour. The third part with the man and the woman who are slapping each other contributes to that thought. Moreover, it was unnecessary and did not add anything to the film. Yes, the actors did a good job under these circumstances and four men were very sexy. Make-up (bruises and cuts), however, was at the same level as the talent for gymnasium showed. In this story there was not enough meat to have any impact on gay politics. The film did not give any statement, lost time, and was not attractive enough or valuable for careful investment. Her fatal defect is an amateur approach, which makes it extremely impossible to take her seriously.
