I give this film props that it was very well made and behaved sensibly. But I could not go through the incredibility of the whole thing. First of all, the game was built around the term "Russian Roulette" that must fill the clock. The big problem is that if you are doing a live broadcast, you are launching the possibility that your first competitor will be the one who is unhappy to pull the "real" shot. What are you doing then? You have 50 minutes to fill in and nothing to show. As a result, it's okay, you come to the end and the first five contestants survive, which means that number six has a bullet and can not get a payoff. At that point, it will not shoot, so it's kind of anti-climatic. Another problem, almost the same. Human nature. People will retreat, panic, ruffle underwear, and do things that would otherwise not be good. Too many coincidences. Therefore, the "real" Real TV is actually firmly scripted and even more stringent. (The only random thing is the "thunder artist" about female victims, which in the past were rare, predictable, because it went through shooting without effect.) We believe that the rating will increase as it unfolds at 1 AM in the morning (unlikely) with an Asian girl sign announcing any increase in points. Point on the race and the pole. Great surprises for the films of two minorities (one gay) and two female contestants are those who survive. So we stayed with two white people, and of course, a little less than them is the one who buys it. The purpose of such a show would be random, but the guy you least like is dying. Klimaks was after he spent two hours fighting for television suicide, the character of Eve Mendes (Mendes produced and acted in this thing, so she does not have anyone to blame except for herself) is actually growing conscience when someone dies. What did she think would happen? He was quickly shot by a passer-by-hearted man (the motives were never explained) and the show continued to be a big hit. Really? The problem with media satire is that he must either have something justified in reality or must be so above all that he is ridiculous (like a network). This is neither one nor the other.
