What an accident is "Shiner". I wanted to like this exaggerated, anti-film aspirant, and actually I found many moments with a strong resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are few. Although I appreciate some of what Calson was trying to do, any advantage tied to bare bones, no budget cinema was destroyed by some really terrible editing that did not benefit the movie. While poor behavior is a very low budget (and big budget) cinema, Shiner has some extremely poor performance that's almost painful to watch. Especially the "straight" couple Linda and Ioung Gui. These are two of the weakest written characters who almost do not offer stories. The act is so harmless and no actor seems capable of resisting a smile or shooting, because they terribly reject their lines with a terrible lack of skill. Tricky editing almost gives the feeling that these roles were completely free and discarded to avoid stereotyped films as a strange gai film. It would be better if it was like that. With all that wrong, there are several performances that seem to catch what Calson hoped to get. Especially about Bob and Tim. These are the two most diverse characters of the character and offer the most rewards with the truly amazing performances of Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelins (Tim). The team is a boxer with serious problems. Extremely low self-esteem is concealed by almost arrogant arrogance that carries as armor. Obsessed by Tim, apparently harmless, but in the end, the angry Bob takes the boxer into a classic cat and mouse. When the tables turn and the hunter becomes hunting, only the true emotional catharsis of the film results. In a film that is so artificially sharp (it's a compliment), one character MUST have that breakthrough (or breakdown, as the case proves here) and the final conflict between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the opportunity to show some real acting <br /> < Like Scott Stepp and Derrick Nile, it seems that Tony and Danny are in the focus of the film, and despite some of their brave moments (including one really disturbing scene that reveals obsession with sex / violence). ), but it seems they can not escape artifacts like a cartoon and it's hard to watch - either beyond their seemingly symphony for a single note and finding anything other than obvious. In the end, this same raw material can (and should) be used to better tell this story. Unfortunately, there is still not much to recommend this, the appearances of Mr King and Zelins, really offer something special and look at what was possible and what is ultimately worth visiting.
