Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, centers around three "pairs" and their relationship with obsession and violence. It's a pretty good start as far as I'm concerned. Interesting. Couples break up in a heterosexual couple, two heterosexual male friends and a real guy who "gay" persecutes a gay man. Movie. There are some scenes showing how they like to be aggressive when having sex or playing with each other, but they seem to have no real purpose because they are so marginalized. My assumption is that they represent a daily illustration of how sex / violence is integrated into the lives of couples. The couple is not very aggressive and not even shot into any erotic way. As characters, they do not add much to the topic or action. Two male friends make up the bulk of complications. They embark on a kind of gay bashing, persuading a homosexual man to have sex with them in the alley. This turns into violence. And violence changes them. It becomes a means of sexual satisfaction. And their need for the release of violence is growing as the movie progresses. The main problem that I had was that violence was not convincing. It never seems that any of the characters is in real danger. It just does not work. Given that the whole topic of the film about the relations of characters with violence is a big problem. Unfortunately, no makeup does not help. Sometimes it's ok, the other time it's very bad. In one scene, I really wondered why one of the characters had a lipstick, coated on the face. Confusing. An interesting pair of characters is a "pair of stalkers". It seemed that Calson had more to say and was able to develop a more coherent story. Perhaps because the characters seem to develop more and have a resolution at the end. Shiner may have been much better off staying with these two. I appreciate that Calson wanted to achieve a lot with this movie. That's wonderful. Most low-budget moves do not matter much. I think Calson did not achieve the desire for which he was trying. I personally did not find anything particularly controversial or disturbing. Shiner was inconsistent. This, however, does not mean that the director can not achieve something with his next film. It seems to have something to say.
