-SPOILES- Lame south of an adventurous film at the border that has to do with the participation of a great associate of Rosenlos, president of Unasco Inc., hunting lamb David Ziegler who lives in Reilly, or Ziegler, on his beach house in Cancun, Mexico. Having this CD, which he gave to his brother James, he has three years of telephone conversations between Rosenly and the United States President who are involved in criminal matters. This CD gave David the advantage over international mobsters who sought him. The fact that James is a bit greedy trying to shake Rosenlos for 2 million diamonds, not only cost him his life, but also put David at risk of losing him. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David about the CD by persuading his ex-wife Liz to talk to him about giving up, Rosnelly has agreed to repay his debts if he comes. David later killed Rosenlicky's Mexican hit man Tony, with the help of a large white shark, which simply does not go to all those quiet jobs on his boss. Tony took the CD Liz left for his boss in the local hotel safe and now wants to kill James, as he did with David, and at the same time keep the CD to have something over Rosenlos. David secretly hiding the diamonds that James had with him at the time of his murder, is now the target of Tony and his men to shut him down forever. David also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss Rosenlos the impression that the CD that David lost, but to use it later, and that Rosenlos does not know who stands behind him, to blackmail him. The movie "Night of Sharks" has numerous attacks of sharks in it with this huge, one-piece white shark that ends with the drawing of about half a dozen members of the acting team, including Tony. David, who firmly believes in weapons control, uses knives and explosives and Molotov cocktails, as well as his fists, to take out the whole Tony crew. Even the shark killer ended Tony, but a hunting knife, not a gun. When the use of firearms came to save his friend and assistant Paco, the girl Juanita and his priest Father Mattia lived from Tony, and his cannons were no-no with David; he was more a knife and a spear than anything else. The end of the movie was as predictable as you can make with David who thought he would kill a one-wing shark later, when Rosenlski was convinced that he was dead and left the village. David continues his life as a free living and beloved swimmer, without anyone killing him, and about two million dollars more rich. David's credit to his friend Pac gave Rosensky his CD back, but under the condition that if something happens, his cousin, who Rosenlski does not know who he is and where he is, shot at his big mouth and let the whole world know about his dirty and criminal affairs.
