So, did this really happen? Are we, as adult supporters, guilty of the next generation of cinema, the lack of cinematographic understanding and the ability of celluloid? As far as Vaians and Co are concerned, the latest addition to the motion picture scenario; Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parenting Guidance), everyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, certified film, which is the content of what has now developed in the worst case when the cigarette has been "erased" from the image of the film icon. 1950s. In front of an audience of over twelve years old, and some of them were unattended, they sat there obediently, all taking this into account, not considering their subject and partly growing characteristics that the Little Man shows, at least partially. Films generally can be better than this bad attempt, while these nonsense enters while they are still young and fresh, and the biggest fear for the future of China is that the ignorance of a child can only continue to an adult bliss. The cinema deserves more than that, as its constantly growing, and literally, the audience, this obvious cash cow is fed to the omnipresent minds of young people. Cinema experience does not exist here, without an open look, without respect for the magic of movies. There is nothing else to confusion and contempt, for the lack of essence, the originality and the delivery of the mind less boredom and the parody of everything that is ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, because of the quick profit, we need to sustain our future a cinema audience for films of similar archetypal disaster. Will this have Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner in their graves? The money everyone loved, no doubt, but the talent and lust for perfection and quality, to a large extent, respect for their profession and audience, were never short. We see, once again, the works of the clan Vaians, another cliché of bad taste, while the beloved Wit Chicks (2004) were no doubt the sting of the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony is that the two leading protagonists, again played by the Vaians brothers, are so concealed that all acknowledgment is non-existent, and that's what a better movie does, and actor Terri Crevs gives Vhite Chickens their substance and personality, not Vaiane. Once again, with their pasty from the 1970s movie Blakploitation, as well as with the 1988 film, I'll take you Sucka, this can be considered a comic and fun movie, with heavy weights like which are Isaac Haies, Jim Brovn, Bernie Casei and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that the little man has absolutely no person of any kind, so he is shallow and narcissistic, without respect or value to his followers, he quickly dips into your money and before we find out, he hides the teeth of commercialism . There is no recognizable effort to spend our money, after Scari Movie (2000), things could only increase, but, unfortunately, there were no major reflections on artistic value and no doubt that the meal from this fearless film Next Mogul movies will be directly on video, only can be hoped. It seems that the Vaians themselves have made a film genre; to death they killed the parody of the film, diluted every time and their inevitable style. They slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that Cinema gave us, whether the ghosts of the past films are so modest in their assessment, as their audience is on the rise, so far, it seems that, at a time when the balloon bursts, they may even understand.
