America. Earth of freedom, hope and dreams. It is a nation that, from its independence, has sought to bring democracy, prosperity and peace to the whole world, for the good of all mankind. There are times, however, when it can not help but does not want Americans to just stay on their side of the Atlantic. This 'movie' (and I use this word with some reservations) evokes these feelings with intense purity. This vision of hell follows the adventures of Calvin, a strange dragon thief that was created by attaching Marlon Vajan's cut off head to the body of two dwarfs of a high foot. After unwittingly dropping the big diamond into Vanesse's bag, a career-loving wife who does not care for children, Calvin realizes that he must return to her to regain the diamond. So, like any normal man, Kalvin dresses as a two-year-old and parks on the threshold of a poor woman, where she is discovered by Darryl, the evil Vanessa's wife. Darrily does not fall on Calvin's mask despite the fact that the baby has a full teeth, a stubble, a tattoo, a scar of a knife and a sex drive of a 16-year-old. old. Even more absurd, Vanessa also does not see the history of Calvin's baby and is actually trying to breastfeed a miniature pervert. This miserable attack on the soul of mankind tries, and fails, to find humor in rape, scatology, sexual assault and pedophilia, however, in a dishonorable attempt to turn into a part of the "family fun" of your brothers, your disgusting feeling and bad morale. Brothers attempt Freud's rehabilitation of their thug rapist to discover that he "had a bad father". Continuous hitting Darryl into the groin allows Calvin to develop a love affair for his father and son whom he and Darryl always wanted. As if this was not ridiculous enough, Calvin's attempts to sexually attack Vanessa somehow asserts that she is selfish for a woman to give up a successful career, and that instead she should spend her life playing the role of a home-made house. , who spends her time, alternatively squeezing out babies and cooking for her husband. In this film, the Vaian brothers blended their coarse and distorted form of humor along with clichéped sentimentality that infected much of the recent Hollywood work. In addition, they are the endemics of the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for transforming Afro-American humor into a poor and poor shadow that exaggerates jokes and dirty sex jokes. According to the rights, these two should be legally forbidden to pick up anything that would ever be like a camera. Unfortunately, the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinema means that by next month they will undoubtedly record two sequels and make millions of dollars from embarrassing jobs.
