Timon and Pumbaa look at the King of the Lions. Timon decides to return BEFORE the beginning, until the story really started. So they're coming back. Put it back. Back, even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old home that was miles away from Pride Rock. Clan mercat that was dug underground to hide from hyena. The worst digger in the clan was a pompous, concentrated meerkat named Timon. His mother pitied him, but uncle Mak shook his head. The mother suggested that Timon be put on duty; Timon had dreams about a bigger and better place out there somewhere. It was then that Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hijak arrived and almost killed the poor uncle Mac. That was a success. Other Merkati just wanted Timon to go as Timon took himself to leave. So he kissed his mother with goodbye and left. He did not stop a long time before he started to fight. Just then he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant, so he continued on and met a nipple named Pumba, which was alone due to overwhelming problems. Timon and Pumbai joined it then, but Timon declared them to acquaintances, not friends. they gathered. What happened? Timon did not care. They continued. Timon then saw Rafikia at the top of Pride Rock, which had risen in the air, something he could not see. That's when all the animals took the bow. Is this a tribute to the birth of a new king? No, Pumbaa passed the gas and the animals bowed to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa try out a range of new homes, but each one is uncomfortable due to constant singing or hyenas or a great stampede gnome! Pumbai and Timon suddenly found themselves walking downstream. When they arrive on the land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look at their newly discovered paradise. It was wonderful: trees and water fall down until the eye can see. Timon called this place a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go to bowling for thieves one afternoon when they suddenly hit Simba. They take it under their wing and become paternal figures. They teach him the art of having fun and biting. Soon, teenager Simba takes over Timon at the snail competition. Simba won, leaving Timon deadly ill. Then one day Simina's girlfriend from childhood Nala arrived. Timon and Pumbaa knew they would stop their friendship. Suddenly, Simba is running away. Nala and Pumbao run after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay in "Hakuna Matati" himself, while Rafiki "did not speak" about him, and joined his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and uncle Mak arrive then. While Simba struggles with Scar, the mother and the Mak are digging a big hole to catch the Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hijabas inside. The scar was soon thrown into the same hole where devouring hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Mak, and others live live with Timon and Pumba in paradise, which is Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbao finish the film when suddenly the mother, uncle Mak, Simba and Rafiki want to look at him again. I Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snake Wake, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Bois, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. Well, I have to say that The Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I was hoping for. It was too funny and funny. The original king of the lion was a masterpiece. She had a serious story with a blatant comedy. She was silly and laughed. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are too exaggerated. They are exaggerated to the extent that they are no longer ridiculous, just boring. The original voice is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthev Broddrick as Adult Simba, Vhoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New in the actors are Julie Cavern from TV (Too) long-time series The Simpsons like Timon's Mom and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Mak. In any case, this film is not the King of Lions III, and this is not II because there already exists II. This happens immediately after the first and second part is removed. So it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to tear down the fans of Lion King because it is too funny and attractive. However, children will love her, so I recommend them. I hope this will be LAST Lion King movie. Two are enough. "Lion King 1 1/2". What we expected from the creators of Disney's sequels. <br /> <br /> -
