The director and his crew move to the isolated Beal castle to create a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that happened there in the last century. Even with the guard's warnings, the director does not pay attention to the supposedly damn house. One of the crew members found a book called the Tibetan Book of the Dead, and he used some of these articles for his script. But when they do it, when they red up the spirit from the grave. Bored, confusing and sticky, all in one, it's equally to this nasty production of horror at midnight. What feels like eternity, it seems that it never goes or shows something effective from somewhat decent ideas. Although the director Paul Harrison managed to build a couple of spooky, humorous and atmospheric sets in an awkward direction. But laziness made it early. The entire film takes a large part of the film in the film structure, and little and nothing happens very much in the meantime. It's not fun either. Think about Bob Clark "Children do not have to play with dead things (1972)," and now we have older actors. However, I found the "Seven corpses" to be inferior. At the beginning, the script abounded with some cutting, before it ended as gray, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. Not a cheap foundation that included limited kits was helped by anything, but the bleak, dark appearance in the palace had creepy air. The performances of the recognizable b-cast are generally rigid. John Carradine in a small part is mostly lurking. John Irish plays a stupid director, an empty actress Faith Domergue needs attention and Charles Macaulai screws him up. The controversial grinding space is between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie settings. However, not all this is attractive, even with occult and supernatural edges. Even they are thrown into the cemetery, without any dominance. When the glowing spirit appears? Finally, but a little late. It's getting a little better, if it's confusing. Just as an inspired opening, the ending is tasty low. For the bad ones, they are constantly retreating. Continuity in many scenes is perceived as non-existent, and death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but really poorly derived) in the movie they make, then what actually happens to them when a zombie appears. Generic musical scandals were with their trembling but sincere Gothic characters, and the work on the camera was politely set up with a lack of imagination. Shooting and frame. Shooting and frame. Job done. It's a fact.
