This is the type of movie in which it's really painful to admit it's real, really shit. I usually consecrate such things! Grindhouse recorded excellent sounding titles and a low-budget atmosphere that is usually ROCK in the early 70's of the last century. The "House of the Seven Corps" seems to have even more trumpets, since the actor's gathering of great veteran genres (including John Carradine, John Irish and Faith Domergue) and recording locations (titular house, cemetery) are obviously very suitable for a grim story of terror. The film opens with its absolutely the largest and most immediate unforgettable sequences, although unfortunately they are the only ones who qualify as such. Credits are a brilliant fit, along with strange color effects and frozen freezing, which illustrate how the titular house has gained its notorious reputation. Here the last seven owners are mysteriously murdered, and credit editing merrily shows their last moments. Someone fell down the balcony and screamed, the lady drowned in the bathtub, and another female body hanging from the ceiling and another four creepy chairs. Needless to say, the house is cursed, and the disadvantage of Mr. Price (Carradine) is just to consolidate this reputation. In other words, the house is an ideal terrain for the praised director of Erik Hartman (John Ireland) to record his project of a Satanic horror film. The structure of film within the film is what mostly leads to the "House of Seven corpses" being so boring and insignificant. Many movie materials are spent on crew members who put film coils in the camera and pull around the cables or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulai portray the terribly unbearable stereotypes of actors. The action finally becomes a little interesting (just a little, watch) when one of the characters reads some lines from the occult book and accidentally awakens the rotten body in the backyard. The asthmatic (judging by the sounds of the productions) zombie slowly moves towards the house and kills the entire film team, recalling how the previous seven turned into corpses. After about 60 minutes of work, the film suddenly turns from boredom into simply strange and confusing. I'm still not sure whether the final reversal is related to the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence, and all the other characters suddenly look like they are going through huge mental transformations just before they die, for some reason. I am sincerely sorry to confirm that the "House of Seven Corps" is a pretty horrible movie. Locations and landscapes are gloomy, but they are not nearly fully exploited and there is a serious lack of terrible bloodshed. Numerous low-budget jewels of the 1970s were stunningly harsh, so the lack of financial resources is not an excuse, and murders in a film within the film are not counted. Even the always reliable stars of the veterans deliver hammy performances and Harrison's direction is totally abnormal. It is not recommended, unless you think that it is zero cool than four and a half minutes of playing open loan installations worth the effort to buy a copy.
