After reading the previous comments, I'm just glad I was not the only person who was confused, especially for the last 20 minutes. John Carradine is shown twice as he goes down into the grave and pulls the lid after him. I was impatiently expecting some explanation for this strange behavior ... of course, I assumed that he had something to do with the bad events in the house, but since he was killed by the first growing corpse (hereinafter Zombie # 1), these scenes did not have any sense. Please, if somebody knows why Carradine is always descended into the graves - let us rest on it !! All the actions are limited for the last 20 minutes and I will try to synopsis. John Carradine goes to the graveyard to investigate, and Zombie # 1 is suppressed. For now, it's good. But then we got a confusing scene in which John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, on a small recording of the moon at the cemetery, discovered the dead body of Carradine. Strickler repeatedly tries to push Ireland into the open grave from which Zombie # 1 came out, but Ireland manages to transfer it to the open grave and PRESTO! Strickler comes out as Zombie # 2! Yes, I suppose I can conclude that Strickler was dead all together (witch?), But why he did not change from normal appearance to a rotten version by getting into the grave of Zombie # 1 has never been explained. (Considering how slow-moving zombies I thought he would prefer to stay in his "normal" form until the job finishes. This scene also raises the question - who is Zombie # 1? Just assume that Zombie # 1 is one of the original victims of murders screened during the opening of the films, but who knows what it is or why there is a particular complaint against the film crew. In any case, after Ireland sees this transformation and Running, we see THE SAME SAME Zombie # 2 that breaks through trees as we've seen for Zom ie # 1. (This leads to an immediate confusion over the extent to which zombies really are.) Then, in the best horoscope mode of 1950, Ireland managed to travel while running. It is easy to throw on a small tombstone of the dead cat Faith Domergue (it was not nice of John Carradine to carve a tombstone for a cat that he barely knew?) Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 destroyed the house. It easily sends three members of the film crew and then moves along the stairs. Vera Domergue is hearing him, and he thinks it's a lover John Irish from his night-time shooting, he's gone. After she saw that it was just Zombie # 1, she screamed and retreated to the bedroom where the Irish revolver was being returned. While Starlet Carole Vells is showering at this moment and does not hear a scream, her star Charles Macaulei (who is drunk and stabbed in the mirror in her bedroom) works. Taking his sweet time (and only after a few more sips from the bottle), he finally decides to explore. (One thing that affects the viewer in the last quarter of this film is how SLOV TO REACT that the stars are screaming and screaming). Domergue returns to the corridor armed and ready, but he's sore Macaulei for Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He made a nice acrobatic escort over the fence, then horrified Domergue lifted, right in the hold of Zombie # 1. Carole Vells has so far come out of the shower and dried up when he hears. Shots and Domergue Screams; it also does not feel a great need to expose. So at that time, Zombie # 1 has time to hitch Domergue out of the door with a rope. Vells sees Domergue's body and he faints. The next time we see her, she's in the stream in front of the house (???) - but more about it later. In the meantime, Ireland has regained its senses and bursts into a house that reveals the bloody slaughter of Zombie # 1. Although Ireland has just encountered 3 dead, it is more concerned that its film has been exposed and destroyed! Fortunately for him (and the audience), Zombie # 1 throws some movie equipment to the head from the second floor. This is the last thing we see from Zombie # 1. At this moment, the audience was treated with the installation of all fatalities, showing that new "mirrors" are old. How deep is that. Zombie # 2 has in the meantime got closer to home (remember, these zombies are slowly moving like a molasses in January) where he accidentally saw Carole Vells floating in the brook, and the fish out of it. How did she get there? Was Zombie # 1 wrapped and stuffed, then zoomed up to break John Ireland? One of the original victims seems to have been sunk in the bathtub, so Vells must drown (but why is it never explained in the stream instead of in the bath). Zombie # 2 never goes into the house (everyone is dead so far, thanks to Zombie # 1) but instead Carol Vells takes it back to the cemetery. As the credits end up on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with dead love still in his hands, descending into the open grave. The spectator is asking: Yes, but is not this Zombie # 1 a grave? Why is Zombie # 2 settled? And what if Zombie # 1 comes and wants to climb back - will Zombie # 2 allow it, or will it be a zombie fight? Will the zombies be shared by the tomb and the newborn Carole Vells? And what about the dead John Carradine now - where will he stay? After all, from the earlier scenes we know that he is obviously at home in the grave ... If this dance synopsis of the finale left you confused, do not worry, because you are not alone.
