Jill Dunne (played by Mitzi Kapture) is an attractive, beautiful woman overwhelmed by a smart teenage daughter, Liv (Martha MacIsaac) and a tiny, two-month husband, Sean (Rick Roberts) This is advertised as a problematic family chased by a crazy killer during a relentless storm. Storm even does not happen until about the last 5 minutes of the movie, and then it's nothing to send someone to go to the basement. Enrollment also does not become intense until the end of the movie. The bulk of the movie we spend listening to Jill and her unbearable daughter Liv are arguing until I want to return my daughter to the next week. Jill's problem with Liv is that Zack, a boy of suspicious character, has taken a permanent place and is constantly coming out - in fact, Jill comes home to find the two on Livina's bed. You spend time listening to Jill's husband Sean or joking on Jill or criticize her. Sean was not at all attractive - since his face was so covered with puddles that could be played, connect points. The story starts with Jill being informed of a non-existent credit card bill for a hotel she has never been, and she thought Sean was never in any of them. to a hotel where he gets to know the owner and manager of Richard Grant (Nick Mancuso), a very fine, elderly, divorced man who is sympathetic to her. In fact, when she sees her husband again, she calls Jill and gives her a tip. Jill returns to the hotel, see Sean with another woman. She is upset, leaves without Sean to see her, and she does absolutely nothing. In fact, she does not even say anything to Sean when she gets home. This did not make any sense to me. Jill gave Richard her card, so he's called and she's obviously in real estate. She showed him the apartment. After that, they drink a drink, and things get comfortable between them. Richard and Jill do it, hot and heavy. In fact, it seems to be a little more aggressive than necessary, when Jill suddenly decides to get rid of it. Jill and Sean have a clash over his cheating. Sean was yelling about how Jill had let him go since her father died. His defect seemed to be just her fault. In the end, Jill acknowledges her lack of morality and almost adultery against Sean - and of course that's her fault, as far as Sean is concerned. The small family decides to go camping - which means that even more of them are boiling and shaking, especially from spoiled daughters. So much I tried to get the stalker to get it all, but Jill.
