I have three comments on this movie, which I discovered to hang out in the lower shelf on Blockbuster. First, it's interesting to see how filmmakers try to record essentially unfiltered works. Some, like Kubrick did with "Lolita," get the original author to write a script that is something as original work. Of course this can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing has long been dead. Some used the rooms of the original work as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (this comes to my mind the most recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandi"). You can silence it - the film "Slaughterhouse Five" is, in my opinion, an example of this. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to show it in cinematic vignettes. That would be the access to Voody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex," and, perhaps, this film. After considering, this is probably the only thing that can be done with scientific work such as Psychopathia Sekualis. The potential loss is that any cumulative point that the original work was blurred or destroyed. And so it is here. The second point is film style. Some would call it "respectfully" Murnau, Pabst, Carlo Dreier, etc., But I think that it is rougher than that. It's too heavy a hand and self-conscious to be effective for a long time. That's just boring in the end. Point three is perhaps less intellectual observation. How are the people responsible for this have managed to make a film about wild sexual deviation and perversion that is so incredibly boring? I think that the film can not pay attention, and anyone who is not automatically drawn depictions of sexual deviance will find it so well. I do not want to be completely unprofessional and I say that the film is meaningless, but I must say that any point by filmmakers had vaguely sheltered nature of the source material, an open copy of film styles and stubborn refusal to attract the audience on an emotional level (possibly due to fear of will be charged with subtitling). The film is from the very beginning of a suspicious exercise and does not work for me, I'm sorry, sai.
