Vov, this is very unusual in one sense: usually the first film in the long series of sequences is the best of the crowd. People are surprised when the sequel is actually better. With Tarzan, I thought this film was the worst of the crowd, or at least the first six that made my Tarzan Collection DVD package. I will look forward to continuing many times, but I am sitting through this turkey, thanks to several characters. - Enough action with many wild animals on the show, even if they're just footage. You see the attacks of lions, crocodiles, nilskins, panthers, and you see several different tribes of all kinds, including pigmeas (which are called "dwarves" in the film). Since this film was shot almost 75 years ago, I can not even type one realism because I did not have it in movies that were long ago. They do the best they can, so you suffer from the actors who speak in front of the false backgrounds. However, Veissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in great shape. He and O'Sullivan make a well-built handsome couple, if ever he was in those Golden Age movies. The film has a historical value (with so many sequels) in showing Tarzan's acquisition of Jane and his early learning of English. Bad - From the moment when "Jane Parker" was shot by Tarzan, almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan in hysteria, screaming and screaming after the scene. It's enough to give you a headache and it destroys the movie. Luckily, she calmed down in the sequels, but not in this film. The film also does not favor the image of the "Big White Hunter" as C. Aubrei Smith, playing Jane's father, and Neil Hamilton, as "Harri Holt", a safari guide that shoots every animal in the sight, whether the beast is threatened or not. These people are killed - happy, especially Smith. On the other hand, the damage that nothing here explains how Tarzan was in the jungle at all. There is no history about him or a picture of his growing up. He is there only when Jane and the group reach a certain point in Africa.
