Dreamgirls, despite his hand, Tony, wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, was never what could be called a gem in the crowns of a musical. However, this does not mean that in real cinematographic hands it can not be exhausted and turned into something valuable on the screen. Unfortunately, what is being transmitted to the screen is essentially a robustly faithful version of the hits with all its inherent weaknesses. First, the result has never been one of the strong sides of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too?), But few of them are particularly striking. The closest tunes are the cover song and One Night Onli - much more praised, and I'm telling you not to go any less a great song than a dramatic setting for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is smooth and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and have no resonance. There is an interest in the initial moments, seeing Jamie Fokk's manager of the Svengali manipulate his act to the top, but it occupies the back seat in the second part of the film, when the story simply tries to throw him out as a villain, despite being right in business Positions for a good majority of the movie. Beionce Knovles is wonderful and perfectly singing her songs, but is stuck with a face that is basically all surface gloss. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trilogy literally has nothing to do with the whole movie. Eddie Murphi is well known as a singer, apparently based on James Borovnen, but the role is not particularly fleshy and ultimately has little impact. Fokk would seem to be ideal casting, but it looks strangely drawn and bored. The biggest selling point in the film is the former American Idol / Oskar Jennifer Hudson contestant in the role of Effie Vhite, a temperamental singer who fights from the group and makes a triumphant final act. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in the show and the movie. The movie obviously wants to make you feel sorry for her and to cheat her, but I've never been sure that this guy deserves such a commitment. From the very beginning, Effie usually acts as a disgusting, selfish, selfish giant, who is more interested in what others can do for her, not for many interests in the group in which she is a part. When she fights the group because of her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, the accusations are more than justified, but the theater performance seems to think that Effie should be unrestrictedly loosened because it has an excellent voice. Although the movie is trying to soften some of the Effie hard edges to make it even more cute, cartridges are still standing. Her story is becoming increasingly manipulative by suggesting that she should have our further compassion because an unmarried mother struggling to raise her daughter - using implications that (similar to a talent card) motherhood instantly makes justification for any behavior. Indeed, the only great effort the film is investing to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it, and then to include the scene in which she barks on her daughter in the office for the unemployed, insists that the girl does not have a "father" and then refuses to seek profitable employment Support them, because singing is all he knows. In the hands of skilled actors, gaps could be repaired by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not an actress. She sings well, but the moments that are taking place in the dialogue do not come naturally or make great emotional moments. Effie's signature (mentioned number I am Tell Iou ...) was well sang by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie should express her anger and despair because of her difficulties, but Hudson appears as a cabaret executive who pronounces a hot number. All in all, not quite an emotional review that is expected. This second part of the film is essentially a predictable mix of events that Fokk maneuver into Hudson's earlier position and allows her to return and submit to everyone. Fokk's crimes in the film are undoubtedly parallel to many producers who are struggling with the record, but the apparent implication of the film that he comes from helping to introduce the disco era is pretty funny, not to mention pretentious and patronizing, especially coming from the movie with all the depths of the puddle. The end result is a faithful interpretation of a scene hit, exhausted by emotions, energy, or anything that can be described as dynamic.
