It's funny I'm forced to watch this movie, but here I am. I'm reviewing it because I only recently had the opportunity to testify to the revival of R.C. Sheriff's play "The Way to the End" on stage in New York, Belasco Theater, starring Hugh Darcy, Boeing Gaines, Jefferson Mais and others, as well as masterpiece by David Grindley. Theater Shattered. I'm not exaggerating, I was stunned. After almost two and a half hours of re-claustrophobic depiction of the lives of soldiers in the trenches of Somme (I guess), during the First World War, who were all alive alive, I left the theater with Shakes. Remember, I'm not easily shocked, nor am I too sensitive. I am also a theater actor and director, so I know that the buttons are pressed to achieve certain effects, both emotionally and psychologically. But what I just testified, so much was revived. I had a fever in my back when I was leaving. None of these emotions was revived, while watching Aces High, a film based on this performance, and even adapted for the screen, in cooperation with RC Sheriff himself, shortly before he died . So, he went to the claustrophobic environment to start. The only plus film are air combat scenes that look outdated in their special effects, compared to today's standards, but still very important in the Flight Tactics adopted on the screen. Several screen adaptations "All Quietly on the Western Front" of Erich Maria Remarkue, assigned in trenches, and not in the sky, were assigned, but this was a "German" vision of things if you liked be picky on such things. "End of the trip" is just the other side of the medal, and it would turn into a great movie, if left alone and undamaged. DVD transmission is bad, although it's on a wide screen and adapted to 16: 9 TV screens, the quality of the movie itself is that movie theater. Nothing more. It has various disadvantages, such as less scratches and dots, although the copy is clean. If in your collection you want another VVI film, especially for those who love and enjoy seeing air battles among indigenous people, then this is the picture for you. But I would rather propose Von Richthofen and Brovn as an alternative, even if this film is full of inaccuracies. For the rest of you, who love good acting and drama, I would go this one. Buy a show. Go look at the play, if you have a chance to come to a decent resurgence in the vicinity, but stay away from this potential adaptation. It's an antiwar movie, approved, but the weakest I've ever seen in my life ever. The presence of actors such as Trevor Howard, Rai Milland, Richard Johnson and John Gielgud is just a bluff, because they are seen only in very weak and very short roles in the film. McDovell, highly talented Christopher Plummer, Simon Ward and Peter Firth, deliver very poor performance, not because of lack of skills, but because of the lack of truth. and a solid direction. In it there are too many voids, and as previously said, it pulls into a suspicious end. Suspicious, because in the original play, none of the people we know and feel is left alive. Everyone was killed in a fatal and futile mission. In the film, everyone dies, except Malcolm McDowell, who somehow manages to stay alive for another day, as the commander has covered the unhappy crowd, only to receive another three pilots to fly and die for another lost case. <br /> <br The end of the show leaves a naked stage in complete darkness. You just hear how cannon pumps, machine guns and grenade hits through the theater. Then, suddenly, complete peace and quiet. The curtain appears. Lights. And here everyone is. Fixed, standing flat and rigid. Obedient corpses ... Far more interesting and far more shocking than the "Aces High" final, which is also hauled. It is up to you to judge. For me, if I had money and contacts to do it, I would take the game and develop it, as it meant it. Adding here and there some action scenes in the field, just to visualize the "external" horror and the slaughter that happens in the "vast fields of France" around the people involved, but then, only focusing heavily on what is happening, that small "cottage" on the verge of common sense and the world ... Do you want such a movie? Then ask him. It's not that.
