Before I start, I want to say briefly that this film is in itself very well made and well-behaved by all involved, including Vhittaker, who really deserves his nomination. It's very fun, and. . . in the right context, like the work of FICTION, it's a very good movie. For this I give him two stars. However, instead of wasting time with what you can read a hundred times in other places, I want to point out the absolute fictitious nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a fiction as if it were true. I emphasize that this film does not reveal in any of the contributions that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of the fiction. Instead, this figure represents a true historical setting, and allows an untrained viewer to assume that he is truly real, and what they see is true. I have no problem with merging facts and fiction - but to do it in such a dishonest thing, it's a word, I say, condemned. There is no doubt that Africa, along with most of the Third World of the Earth, is full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to capture the suffering of people in these countries on the film. But Hollywood also has the eye to earn money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to be occurring everywhere, but the West is to experience it for itself, or at least to capture it in an honest documentary. But these images of fictional characters in true historical environments can only be so. After all, they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for themselves, and more about taking you from the picture to the picture and hitting you on the head screaming: "SEE YOU, YOU WOULD HAVE BREAK!" A basic example of this can be found by anyone who is willing to watch a documentary on a DVD after sitting in a movie. Probably the most shocking image of the movie is watching the body of Kai Amin, Go to the Other Woman, which he killed when he discovered her disbelief. In the film we see that her limbs were cut off and turned back (legs and vice versa). This is the director who is trying to understand that Amin, as the Gungans say, is B-bad! But, looking at the documentary, we find out that this is in fact nothing more than a bribe, which at that time, the Minister of Health, says that it is not true. So. . . What . . . just make these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, so! They do not believe that we will come to the right conclusion. You see, she was killed and dismembered by herself enough to conclude that Amin was not the kind of guy she showed in the media - we do not need this Texas massage of the mask inspired by the image to fix it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the casual viewer is that the main character of Garrigan is himself fictional. There was no young Scottish doctor under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is obviously only present to help us foolish Westerners understand the African world. It seems that the producers think that we will not be interested in a film about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even a titular character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem with this is that the film is no longer an exhibition of Amina and his regime, but instead an exploit thriller about the white westerner who comes to Africa for all the wrong reasons, making some terrible mistakes, and then "redemption," even at the cost of three more innocent lives. Frankly, I must say that it's almost impossible to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amen was the result of an attempt with a fictitious Scottish doctor - almost seems to be a morbid joke for fun! I really would like Hollivood stopping us for our money. First I realized his inclination to do it with the terrible manipulation of A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman's sweet-sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which wiped out the darker side of a man to present only a tortured hero whom America can not just have. The sad truth is that Hollivood has sold us these forgery for years, and viewers, who are predictable and understandable too lazy or insensitive to investigate themselves, buy these fake portraits, line and toner. See, I certainly do not claim that Amine turns into a criminal who is not. My point is that the truth is so shocking to convince us of the brutality of man, why Hollivood must go to such fictional lengths? Why is Hollivood still insulting us holding our hands through these films? Why can not we believe that we are thinking? Can we not show sincere displays on the screen and allow the audience to decide for themselves? I invite everyone who continues to watch Hollywood supposedly "real" movies to do the service themselves ALWAYS to explore for themselves, and NEVER assume that what's on the screen is even close to the truth!
