The performance of Forest Whitaker is even more impressive because it's almost worth to sit through this duck. "Historical Fiction" does not justify a change in history. Apsurd starts from the foundation of the imaginary main character played by James McAvoi. To create a fictional observer for the purpose of giving a link point reader in the book is regret, regretting that white people can not only read a book without which the white protagonist can connect, but at least some passive role has been taken. Making a false historical actor and attributing this fiction to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. The action of this creation was not convincing or even just a criminal, and opened the door for movies like the one they plan to do with Leonard DiCaprio as a heroic Enron whistleblower that NEVER STILL. The logic of the world is not applied in this movie where a Scottish kid thinks it is right to sleep with a murdered dictator's wife. It does not apply where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with some stupid, irresponsible white boy. In that case, EVERYONE was set to sleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, even Gillian Anderson licking his pieces. Allow me to declare, I do not like James McAvoi. I'm not sure what it's all about, but I thought his g. Tumnus in Narnia is creepy and fierce. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can not believe that a woman of a mighty dangerous man like Amina would risk and lose her life for him. I do not trust him as a doctor and I do not see an appeal. His character seems to have far more arrogance than it would make sense, and the attempt to make him look like a bastard in shooting the cow was just ... that this word again ... is absurd. Think about it, watch how all these characters bend into knots to adapt to this incredible main character, and there was never such a type. Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Vhitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance and emphasizes, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscars, how much he acted. Too bad the film around him had no reason to exist.
