"Women? They are all fishermen ...!" No, it's not a good translation; not at all! This lags behind last year's "daddy's army," it's completely lacking in the special, small screen magic of the original television sitcom, and not playing interesting with the big screen ... it could be said that this film is well representing the decline of Britain and, more precisely, even more of which, the British film industry has fallen. And that's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of sad nonsense ... Everything that remains after the subtlety of the original TV is surgically seized, Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless, crooked musicals, yawning, from the theme Ron Grainer ... enhanced sentimentality (that bad, thick ears ... how courageous the other Stepo's movie looks in comparison) increased confusion - with directors and writers who seem to be completely separated - completely applicable something like 'bad monstrosity' (your truth on this place) from 1973, "Mutations". There is an unusual failure about the scene in which Harold was beaten up in a rugby club, which I hate and refuse him (for now, as a friend who was intimidated, from the mood of the TV series ...), but this at least looks like an original slope, and symbolizes tensions that only rise to boiling in Britain in 1972 ... However, there is some implicit prostitute, like "golden gold", which is dissolved. -transport 'pon poor auld' Arold - and extra-caricature writing of 'class' element; Not to mention, surprisingly wrongly assessed performance from the usual bosses. Brambel and Korbet agree with the script and really do not manage to cure him of the essential ham. What would Anthony Aloisius Hancock do from all this? I will only admit that a few moments of work - mostly those in which G & S plays a little more careful, and nervous bands with touch on tenders - and this is not an inviolable affair at all. But, oh, oh, how it hurts me to say that: it's tired, boring, and deliberately separate from reality and what made the TV series great, and also completely compatible with the lazy, fierce, misogynist "fuck it, it will do ... "the reality of much of what was allowed to pass for the mainstream filmmaking in the United Kingdom of that time.
