All right, let me again acknowledge that I have not seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) movie. I did not even see more of the famous works of the director, so my ability to argue before the rain outside the analysis of the film itself is relaxed. With that reception, let me start. Before the Rain is a different movie that does not know which genre it wants to be. At first it turns out to be romantic. In most Romanes, the protagonist falls in love, is separated from a supportive character and (sometimes) unites with his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover, but he can not be with her. His name is Henri Moores and is called Sajani, and they live in southern India during the last days of Paradise (the British imperial rule). Henry was absent from London for a long time and fell in love with a married Indian maid, despite marriage marriage and a child abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak out for intimate afternoon while some kids do not receive them. She talks to Sajani's wife who questions her relationship with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his loyalty and makes suicide. Keep in mind that these events take place in the initial third of the film. The film changes tone and becomes a criminal drama in its final parts. Sage's body was discovered as Moores's family is coming to visit. It is alleged that the alleged perpetrator Moores' trained assistant T.K. T.K. he knows his master's affair, but he keeps silent until his life becomes threatened. When proclaimed innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K. It is too nasty and leaves it on a dirty road as rain rises. I want to warn you, this is not a romantic movie. The DVD cover and theater posters feature an Indian female and male white race in an idealized tropical setting. This picture was shot directly from the film's opening, but quickly disappears. Then it's over. It seems like an attempt to exploit the focus of the West on forbidden love. It's not effective at all. Not only is the film not a romantic, but its characters lack any personality. These are the sheaves of cliché walking. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, T.K. T.K. is torn between its own heritage and its educational background. Sajani is a woman unable to choose her romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moores' family was curious about the death of Sajani, but it was a bit racist toward the Indians. If the tone was not so serious, I would be willing to overlook these problems, but it was not. The film is presented with a didactic narrative that emphasizes its bad character development. No, this movie is not terrible. Except for the ridiculous scenario, it's not bad. Actors are all experienced and are well performing. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the great Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently oversaw the Terrorist, who is part of the "Big Movies" collection by Roger Ebert. What happened here? Why is this film so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned that he was inspired to direct this film because of the short film he looked at in Israel called Red Roofs. Obviously, the story was "timeless," and Sivan tried to create a similar experience set up in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been too motivated this time. Actors, cinemas and scenography are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is to assume you are not in line with it and look at something else. Final consensus: * and ½ of *****
