Although the actors are convincingly playing losers parading the screen, the fact that these characters can not be identified with me was watching my watch for only 20 minutes in the movie (and more than once after that). The development of the plot is unconnected and slow, the verbal diarrhea of ​​the main character of the main character is practically unbearable, the basic quality of most actions of characters and the cavalier's way of treatment is unpleasant. Typically, Ventura Pons exhibits gross psychologically handicapped characters. However, this false sociological analysis is a major step from CARICIAS or Caresses, where characters are mistreated and despised for well-founded reasons that are played during this film. In AMOR IDIOTI, we are forced to follow the meanders of genuine subnormal intelligence while he seizes a seriously depressed and separated woman. It is allegedly because of his own depression, but this scenario does not support this. I will not give up the rest of the story only if there are some masochists there? Is it cured through her obsession or is a woman shocked by her own depression through her unwavering attention? Although I looked at the whole thing, I did not care for any of them for a moment. If you can sit through all these prejudices, ignorance, betrayal, bad dialogue, weak philosophy, etc ?? work on the camera was pretty good and it seems that something was inspired by the DOGMA group. Make-up was also aimed at displaying these players in raw and big light, because it's the worst I've ever seen in any Caietane Guillen Cuervo movie (while it's personally really attractive). > I suppose that if the idea is to be forced to see the lower strata of the society in order to be grateful, we are not part of it, then Pons has achieved its goal. The burden of almost identical sex scenes was a real loss of the film (if the actors were filmed, but once in the blue-green clothing wallpaper it could change into a study of special effects for a little thing). The truth is that I have heard that most of the male audience is in their places, but objective viewing proves that this was not the real goal of these scenes. Take a look and see something else.
