I understand after I looked this again for the first time after many years as it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy. For me, it's not as close as bad as "Air Raid Vardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some definitive huge defects in it. The film was set to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is ridiculous as London Bridge leader, surrounded by 20th-century star players, while in the neighboring room, Laurel teaches a ballerina for beginners while wearing a ballerina. An unpretentious carpenter sheds a glue on the floor, leading to a predictable node in which Hardy ends the loser. Then came the rackets, which are now selling insurance covering their racket for protection. One of them is very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as the boys are being bullied in the purchase of insurance, they are arrested. This is the end of the gangster and the last time we see a dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Lorel and Hardy's support of the rich patrons Trudy Marshall and her boyfriend inventor Robert Bailey. First they try to help them hide their relationship from the parents who approve them (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the trusted junior Allan Lane, whom we immediately say is not a good pig. This leads to the fact that Briggs' hidden bartet is discovered by Dumont, and that the knot that is literally drawn from the rich patriarch is crumbling in bed below the lake. When Bailey uses boys to help him display his pistol, a pandemonium arises. Butler announces to Case and Dumont that their house is in flames. Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to get the money to pay the rent of his dance studio and hope that Laurel will break. leg to do it. No mention is made of the fact that insurance agents were gangsters and that politics would probably be invalid. (Even if they became a legitimate insurance vendor after being arrested, their licenses would be abolished). In the end, Laurel left the bus left by the driver for the allegedly angry dog ​​(only a covered glaze, a cake that devoured Toto, or maybe dogs), and Oliver ended up on a big beach bus that somehow ended up on the bus, perfectly fits your wheels on the rails. Gags can be exciting, as seen in "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollivood", and this one is fun but anticlimatic. As the story ends, all of these notes do not point to it, leaving the impression that it's just a series of one-time windings designed to make the whole trait, we hope it will be part of the double account. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, lost much of his brilliance after he left Hal Roach's job, but surprisingly here, they do not fall as an old and tired look like in films made in the same movie. years. If the gigs were not so entertaining, as was the case with some of their other films, that would surely mark "2" versus "3".
