For those fans of Lorel and Hardy, in the 1940s and later, they were very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios expired and were now "free agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired boys did not have any touch for their comedy. In addition, Stan and Ollie were much older and watched that those geriatric men who were in trouble looked sad, and not particularly funny. The apartment looked very rough, and Ollie's weight rose to the point where he could hardly walk - and for that reason I felt uneasy laughing at their very, very calming fools. Apart from their age, this film suffers because Fok Studios strangely throws it in a supporting role and creates a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that shortened their screen time and turned them into useless "hangers" "instead of being alone. Sweet and muddy Stan and Ollie are very strangers to the old Laurel and Hardy in the 1920s and 1930s - and they looked very weird and badly suited them. Now even with their age, this might have been a decent movie to get decent writing and if the studio showed up - and it's quite obvious that they used the "B unit" here - in best case, with another class. In particular, there is very little laughter, and the last 10 minutes of the film is simply terrible - relying solely on a messy screen designed for the backdrop for the stupid scene of the run - which could perhaps be classified as one of the worst of its kind in film history. For lovers of dolls and Hardy who are mind-boggling zombies, it's probably a movie that will love. But, for fans of the team who are willing to honestly evaluate this film in comparison to their fantastic earlier films, it simply comes to your liking. In fact, from all their feature films before 1940, I can not remember what I liked more than the Dance Masters. Unfortunately, movies after 1940, this could be just one of their best. Unfortunately, it has become much worse - with miserable films such as BIG SHINE AND NECK, but the problem. I just would like that the boys just retreated after SAPS IN THE SEA. Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews for this IMDb movie can reflect the love of the reviewers towards the team more than the indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that is not already in love with the team, I do not know how this film will do anything but listen to the audience - it will surely not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were a comic genius. But even comedy geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
