This film uses all clichés from art-house (slow tempo, long static recordings, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth watching here: there's no complication to speak, the characters are a shitty (female) lead) or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and they never talk to each other about anything related to their rather carefree life. The film focuses on a woman who finds out about the adultery of her husbands. Instead of confronting him, she is half refreshed by making her own adultery. After a fight and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asked her husband to stop cheating. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other stories - the planned resettlement of an elderly father of a woman with a young woman in Guernsey and a rivalry with a wife's sister - do not offer any interesting development. The suicide of a fellow female who, as if initiating events in a film, is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year - this is not enough to make an interesting movie. Moreover, the small possibilities for dramatic development in the script are not used or consciously avoided, as when a woman and her sister are marking a certain piece of furniture from their father's house that will be sold because of their planned move. Both sisters want this particular work and taking into account their rivalry in the past - over much more important things from furniture: men - that in theory could lead to confrontation. Or a thing could be solved by one sister who would give way to another. In any case, it would not be very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it would be development. The film clearly sets this situation (while both sisters look carefully at each other during marking, and one sister mentions that she does not want to draw straw), but she is cheating on us from any resolution: the scene is simply over and how - in itself, it is quite gloomy and materialistic - the issue is solved, it is not shown. Although almost completely absent, the dialogue found in the film is painfully flat and lukewarm. For example, when during the visit to Guernsey, the two sisters turn to their rivalry, it is in the three-line dialogue that has a childhood "yes, it is - no, not" a bell. Scene of struggle and reconciliation with two sisters is completely without dialogue - it gives a very artificial, overly stylized and unrealistic impression and significantly reduces its influence. The way in which a woman finally - finally! - Turning to her adultery in husbands in one line of dialogue to see that he is believed - and at the same time totally unbelievable. It seems that the husband does not have any noticeable reaction or, if so, is not shown. The woman does not mention her adultery to her wife. A scene that shows the wife, husband and their little son sleeping on a plane, seen by a sister, probably meant it as a happy ending, but the way in which the characters dealt with questions of their lives in what preceded makes this unlikely. > Due to the slow pace, the insatiable nature of the story, the direction of the lead and the absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film as an example of everything that could be wrong in an art film and a complete waste of time.
