I do not know what I missed here, but I can not believe in all these positive comments by many people in this film. I thought it was stupid, and a little above the top. I liked Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, but the rest were just ... boring. Now I love B movies, I really am, but this was a bit lower in alphabetical order for me. I saw someone compare the humor and horror in this with Armi Of Darkness and Shaun of the Dead as well as Par on the Re-Animator. You must be joking. I did not think this movie was ridiculous, tried, made an effort, (maybe too much effort) but failed in my opinion. While I was hit by a third or fourth liner, I tipped my eyes and checked the watch. It was definitely a homage made for several other films, which is always cool, such as an internal joke for our fans of horror. But here maybe only a lack of original thought. However, there were some nice special effects, good bones, but it can not carry the whole movie. The mutated Grant looked like a cross between the Jabba hut and early stages of the mutation - Chet from "Veird Science" (after being transformed into a monster) and one of the alien creatures / children from the "Researcher". Simply failed. I thought it looked like something a Class 5 art classmate could do. Then there was Brenda, a woman Grant impregnated and tied in a barn. When she finally came to the aid, she looked like a giant patch waiting to be thrown out. The design was once again completely unimaginable. A balloon of a round body of face color in the middle. * iavn * Now about zombies - The more movies I see with zombies these days, the more I like that George A. Romero had a patent on them and was the only writer / director to whom he was allowed to make films about them. He is the only person he has done so far, except Edgar Worth and Simon Peggy (but it was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boile, but they were a different Zombie style. Perhaps Mr. Romero destroyed any zombie film for me because of his ingenious ability to make his actors to sigh, sigh, and snap, as if their joints were dry and without the drops of synovial fluid, and their muscles struggled against the effects caused by rigor mortis began to be set before they were revived. People "Vheelsi" simply did not have the right motivation ... they were terrible zombies. So in the end I give "Slither" 3, for a couple of laughs and a few. nice up scene.
