Skating is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has one scene that is extremely good, any number of cyber working, but very few real fears and insufficient humor to maintain the film. In addition, the scenario does not focus on the hero and the heroine, and in several places it is excluded. The great failure of this movie is to introduce, and then leaves her hero (Fillion) to follow. Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) was first introduced and then became a monster. All this part of the film is diverting - Michael Rocher's character is not so interesting to us as a person, and watching while passing through a series of movements while acting in the interests of the monster, it might be interesting that this is Grant - Portrait of a man Turning to a monster, not a movie about the invasion of aliens. In the final analysis, the problems of this film are in the script - this is not so important for the audience how the monster behaves or propagates. The purpose of the horror comedy is to support the heroes in a corner with shotguns and then toss their bugs on them, and they break every time something scary or disgusting happens. Instead, we are exploring the habits and tactics of aliens that just make this part of the movie more difficult. The obvious hero (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is central in this part, but I still felt that the film had abandoned its narrative path, unless it planned to follow Grant Grant to the end. When Fillion and his pursuit finally confront the alien, the film begins cooking, but it's a problem in the script again. To this point, the audience knows - characters need to know - that Grant does not suffer from a disease alone, and acts accordingly (shotguns) - instead they are constantly negotiating against ever-increasing evidence that this is not something "let's we get "in the hospital" will help you. Although their reactions could be human and real, they were characters in an action movie and were simply supposed to do what the movie promised - delivered the action. Lack of action scenes in the movie with just a few ideas, because this is a big failure. *** SPOILERS FORWARD *** After the first conflict and the cracking of extraterrestrial larvae character and perhaps the best scene in the film) the script once again issues the movie. At this point, one of the characters has almost been taken over by an alien and is developing an insight into the alien. The writer-director (Gunn) as this character chooses a completely new character, not one of the already developed smaller characters. Why? Why did he have to introduce a brand new character over an hour into a movie that becomes a central plot? By the time this character is attacked, we hardly know anything about it and may be less of a concern for her, although she is a very nice teenager in her bathroom. If Gunn had decided not to use this character and had used only one of the smaller characters he could, he completely avoided the introduction of his family and saved time and money. Moreover, the hero and heroes would be filled up in alien plans without any additional characters, and they could have switched to it and fired the aliens faster and with more power. My last criticism is based on the look of the film. Gunn is primarily a writer, or perhaps a budget constraint, but this film looked ugly and uninteresting. Most actions take place at night in the forest or in the field, and the screen just looks gray. The sets in Vheelsi (a fictional city in which action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Bok Office Mojo says the film budget was $ 15 million, the newspaper says $ 29 million, and since they did not use any talent, I would say that money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive and rarely looks deadly. The last critique is primarily based on the reality of the actions of the character. At a time when Fillion and Co began to love Grant / alien, one woman disappeared and Grant is known to have broken animals. At the moment, I expected the FBI or at least the state police to appear and take over from the sheriff. The woman is gone and is probably killed, and the local woman is acting psychologically. It's time to call the authorities. But basically, I was hoping that this would happen because I just wanted to see some characters and ACT. Although this film is allegedly a comedy of horror, the film that most resembles Dreamcatcher is the conditions of the monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much more problem with the story (especially the whole of Morgan Freeman's background), and in particular the ending, in many ways he was stronger, primarily because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, because he looked nice. Although it may be anathema - preferring a film that is weaker in the general action and a structural spinal column due to productive values ​​- it only shows how uninteresting it has found the look of Slither.
