I usually only write reviews for movies that I really hated or really liked. And, as you probably can say by the number of stars above, I did not like that. I guess you already read the plot or maybe even watch the movie, so I'll skip the summary. Separate this, advantages and disadvantages: Cons: Concept: The space is set to be interesting. The use of the theory of Haos as a theme was interesting. However, this was not so good. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me that the chaos theory was misrepresented. The event that took place in the movie seemed more like a fictional coincidence than anything. I suppose the effect of the butterfly was presented as a whole "God (and) causes the tsunami to restore the statue." The presentation is really messy. Some call it intelligent, but it seems to be another action movie. Story: Is it just me or does Kamal seem to throw this together to give him an excuse to play ten roles? The plot is extremely fictitious; Govind was still losing the bottle so many times in unknown accidents (his friend accidentally mixed the bottle with a packet that he sent to India, and a crazy old woman is just throwing a bottle into idol, and half the head just happens unexpectedly met in the same hospital the idol case just mixed up with one who belonged to a famous singer.) CGI: Oh God, CGI. It was even worse than the special effects in the jaw 3 and those that were sucked. I immediately knew which parts were animated. Even my 10-year-old cousin knows that underwater cars do not look like that. Stunts: Yes, now that the action scenes in Tamil movies are not realistic, but the stunts in this were terrible and actually deterred me from the story. Make it up: I must admit that they were doing better than expected. I thought Kamal would play people of similar skin tones, so two fake white men and a false Japanese Aikido guy caught me wondering. However, it was still pretty bad, I could easily determine which of them wear masks. Songs: Music was disturbing and out of place in many cases. Asin: Her character may have been the most disadvantageous in the movie. She was loud, ditsy, and obsessed irrational about this idol. I actually found that I wanted to die. Letters and logic of the refrigerator: Allow me to clarify this: the monkey from the laboratory was smart enough to pass through the door locked by a password, but it is not intelligent enough to say the difference between the chocolate and the bottle with the deadly virus in it . And then, a former CIA agent who realized after the bottle that he was heading to India. Instead of immediately following him, he first marries a dancer. A famous Punjab cancer singer was checked in a small town hospital in the third world when he could easily afford the best available medical treatment. Moreover, he was hit by a bullet in his throat. He would think he was going to be killed, but instead, the magic bullet cleared his tumor. You read that right, BULLET dropped the tumor. Professionals ... Naidu character: Probably the only sympathetic part of the film of his comedy.
