Comprising the virtual reality, the potential of computers, communication with the past, the constant struggle to express your identity in a constraining society and the fascinating Adu Biron Lovelace by fascinating Tilda Swinton, this film should have been excellent. But it's bad, horrible if you consider the potential! The acting - apart from Tilda Swinton and Karen Black - goes from tolerable to feverish. The construction of the plot is the least unfavorable - the modern programmer is a boring character, but half the film is spent on setting up its character, and then when Ada finally appears, that is, the events from her life are spoken, that I do not represent an interesting story (Svinton is almost certain pulled out). You can never know it as a real person, just an icon from a city student's history list. Digital effects, such as digital dog and birds, are bad and disturbing, since it was 1997 and not 1985. And finally, the scenario is just bad. Bad, often pretentious dialogue - especially the struggles between the programmer and her boyfriend, for which I was swinging - cold and distant characters, and a zero attempt to create a sense of wonder. The programmer has successfully contacted the person in the past! Astonishing! But she does not seem to be surprised, and her boyfriend says: "Well, be careful." (Although we can not say later on later why this is dangerous, and it does not appear to be dangerous at all.) Even though it's about computers and Adi Lovelace and her love for mathematics , it is clear that none of the scenarios had any knowledge of mathematics or computers - any reference to these cases encounters a complete mumbo jumbo that defies any suspicion of disbelief. One scene, in the end, the movie is pretty good, monologue Tilda Svinton expresses her sorrow for the fragility of life, but her joy in that life. Daring, passionate and discerning, it seems to be inserted from another film. So I'm disappointed in this film, because it is a missed opportunity for a fascinating little cult movie. If you think the topic is interesting, you might want to rent it, but be warned. See Orlando for another, much better-looking gender role in history with the great performance of Tilda Swinton. *** spoiler / question: * * At the end of the movie, Ada asks that her memories are not preserved (in what I considered the best scene in the movie). But it seems that the modern programmer does it anyway, conveys the memory of his little girl (hence the title of the movie). Am I right, that the programmer violated Adina's desire, and that he did not even bother? Or is this another confusing point that I misinterpreted?
