I am the person who went to the local library and read books about Babbage's difference of engines while my school friends played football, etc. So, if there is such a thing as the target audience for this movie, then I guess I would probably be involved in it. Perhaps I just need to look again. The previous reviewer mentioned that he did not watch this movie while he was tired. Maybe it was my fault. I tried to enjoy this movie, and there are aspects of what I like, but I generally considered it amateur and quite annoying. Since I am something of a self-proclaimed computer dumbbell, I simply can not ignore the exact time frame when the movie is really made and how the graphics used are that time (ie 1997). Playing games ere c.f. "Mind Grind" to cite one example, this movie can not avoid this 16-bit low-resolution multimedia explosion. Luckily, this has been somewhat diminished in the world of games of chance in the past, in favor of the real game. You need to watch this movie through the German FTA satellite channel (as I do not know). I think it has ever been broadcast on the UK FTA TV, and recently it was all the same), I was kind of fun when I saw that Gottdog (God Dog) had 4 designer designers. Perhaps that means it's amusing me, given that ten years have passed since the film was filmed, but the end result makes movie graphics from the 1980s in comparison with that. But as for the main story, I agree that the format is not the best idea. Like others, I agree that Ada deserves a film without a scientific fi fi, and a simpler biographical approach might be more appropriate to cover the life story of this extraordinary lady. There are fundamental mistakes that undermine my enjoyment in this movie. First of all, the basic idea that somehow lost information from the real world from the real world can be precisely reconstructed through some kind of extrapolation through software intelligent agents, it seems kind of funny. Also, the theme that goes through For a movie that a computer device can really predict the mechanics of all things over time (for example, winds), it is now known that this is not the case. So, Victorians may have kept this view, but Godel's 20th century works that prove that no mathematical system can be complete, Turing's work on the limits of computability, not to mention the chaos theory and quantum mechanics, have completely undermined these ideas, which look central to how modern software researchers should function. Finally, clicking the mouse in the air means "programming" is also simply wrong, as already mentioned. Perhaps this movie could be OK, but at least some technical Scientific consultation would give the film so much needed credit in convincing stakes. I will not forget the movie, although it's like "Pi", apparently a unique job, but with too many fatal mistakes for me to really enjoy it, 3/10 from me.
