This film confuses me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I really do not get 400 hits. Everything I read about this movie was totally rave, but I just could not stay interested. I'm sure he was so revolutionary in creating a movie as all critics say, but when that happens, it's really really boring. Maybe it's a language barrier, maybe I'm not "sensible" enough or "artistic" enough, but no matter what the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; It is a young French boy who is treated unjustly by his parents and his teachers, and eventually ends up in a juvenile home. That in itself should be interesting, and that was, at the beginning. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but it's difficult to say again, because half of the conversations were not subtitled and for no reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for a dialogue that we could understand, he had enough meaning. The actors were convincing enough, but it is difficult to say what the true person would do in such situations. So, you feel like the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble you think it's good to be crap. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets more problems than last time, but the reasons do not vary too much. And through the whole movie, you realize that there is nothing that the main hero could do about it. It's more like waiting to see how it ends. The end, by the way, was completely above my head. It's too artistic for me, and I did not understand it. It was easy to keep track of. The structure was certainly there and it made sense, but everything was really extracted. For the amount of dialogue and significant moments, the movie could be shorter than one hour. It just did not end. Part of this was unnecessarily long recordings, none of which was particularly memorable; For example, the ending was the protagonist of the protagonist who ran down the village road that lasted thirty seconds. I'm sure it had some deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather have to get more food for the time. Or at least made something a bit more useful than sitting down and watching how this boy runs, such as laundry or sleeping. The final judgment The feeling of the whole movie was that it would probably be very touching and incredible and it would teach me a great life lesson only if I can get what the director tried to tell his ?? unique decisions. As it was, I just felt deceived for over two hours of my life.
