One Star. That's all that this documentary deserves. I did not feel disappointed by watching a movie, let alone a documentary, for some time. I am a big fan of "Walking with ..." series, including Nigel Marvin spin-off, for all their fun party, but informative information. And although the object of a prehistoric man has never been of interest to me as for other prehistoric beings, the theme is still interesting and unique to the research. Seeing all the other documents in the series, I realized that I also need to see this, especially after I see relatively good reviews in other places. Well for those of you who made a good overview of this doctor ... what did you think?! lol. Although the information that was able to pass was interesting, the presentation failed in every other possible way. He had a terrible course, he was incredibly unconventional in what he was trying to say (with information coded and sometimes unattainable), terrible effects (which include a few moments of CGI and especially makeup effects), and excessive use of MTV-style <br / Speaking of the effects of makeup, one reviewer mentioned here that this scene was funny when the cave people came across this giant monkey and it looks like a horror. Well, there are plenty of moments as if people who portray monkeys looked funny and behaved ridiculously. None of this was helped by the terrible positions and compositions of the camera. The worst part of all this is nothing that is shown in an interesting or dynamic way, or looks remotely real. It does not even seem to be taken seriously. Also, there was a lack of any emotional blow that the predecessors of the series had. You remember the episodes in "Walking with Dinosaurs" about the fate of Ornitohirus (sp?)? This episode still leads me to the edge of tears every time I watch it. It is this type of engagement with the topic that is missing here most. When you deal more with the topic and your own personal story, even the one that is just speculation, you are more concerned with the facts surrounding it. The only rescue graces of this production are pretty good story. (at least in the BBC version I saw) and music. Otherwise, DO NOT try to even rent this one, unless you want to make a good laugh (which I often did, but it usually follows my rolling eyes). This does not belong to the shelf with other documents "Walking with ...". And does it make sense to find out that this document is NOT produced or directly linked to the same people who did the other in the series? Hmmm ...
