This film called "Four Hundreds of Stroke" is a misleading translation. Impacts of 400 people means "living". As a Frenchman, I am stunned when I see the popularity of this good but not the most outstanding film. 1. This is not the first movie of the "nouvelle vague" move, check Agnes Varda "la pointe courte", (1956), "Hiroshima mon amour" by Alain Resnais (1958), "le beau serge" by Claude Chabrol (1958). Historically, the "wood 400 coups" comes after. "Nouvelle Vague" was sometimes difficult and difficult for their predecessors: overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henry-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Ives allegret and many others were condemned to oblivion. "nouvelle vague". You never heard (or read) a large generation of thirty (Renoir, Carne, Gremillon, Duvivier, Feider) laughing, say, Maurice Tourneur or Mak Linder. So, thanks to Truffaut and Co, some people will never discover some gems of the French fifties or forties (Duvuvier "sous le ciel de Paris", "Autant-Lara" douce, Ives Allegrets "you are jolie petite plage" and "maneges ") Les 400 coups is technically rather disappointing: it's very academic, the story is linear as much as it can be, teachers are caricatures, and mother Claire Maurier delivers such unforgettable lines as (you must be a Frenchman around 1960 to understand any who is that funny): Well, your father only has his brevet (younger school diploma) and, as far as I'm concerned, I only have my high school! 1960, hardly 10% of the students have HSD in France Antoine Doinel should have been proud of her mother! She wants to have degrees, who can blame her? 4. In comparison with the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which has a completely new form, and new "fragmented" content, the "wood of 400 hits" fades in significance. Truffaut will master the new form only with the premium "Jules". and Jim, with the help of an incomparable Jeanne Moreau 5. The interpretation is quite stiff, Jean-Pierre Leaud, who can be heard in English, is still decent, but will soon turn into the most affected of his generation 6. Topic = The stolen childhood had better days, before ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvivie, "Los Olvidados" by Louis Bunuel) and after that ("l'enfance nue" by Maurice Pialat, "Kes" by Kenneth Loach) I do not want to humiliate Truffaut, his the film is not bad, but, frankly, French film lovers, like "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (film spark n, true and commercially uncompromising) "(as academic as" 400 strokes ", but much more funny) or his beautiful Hitchcock pastiche" vivement dimanche ". <br /> <br />
