Semana Santa is very bad. It's so wrong in so many ways that I do not know where to start. So let's see ... Mira Sorvino, whose judge the husband was killed while protecting, is leaving Madrid in Seville for her police job. During the Holy Week (Semana Santa, you see? ... everyone begins to sleep ... told us that it was bad at many points, even from the beginning), the killer executes his victims as bulls in the bullfighting arena. She is partnering with male chow pig Olive Martinez and beautiful Feodor Atkina. He will soon discover that he will be the next target of the killer (wearing a red dress). Why, oh, but why? Why .., that's the question that in my head was the entire movie. Q: Why did he go to see this A: Because I love Mira Sorvino (I even apologize for that). Q: Why are we only 8 people at the cinema on Saturday, the first week ended with release? A: Ah-ah-ah. The Spider-Man passed away the same day. But the fact that the film exploded with critical criticism. Q: Why is this film made? A: I guess money. But the guy Mira needed the money. Then ... why? First of all, something is always wrong with European co-productions. Here you have a French-English-German-Italian-Spanish-Danish production. ii-ha. Then she wants to play on the same plaigroung as the American trillers / slashers / input / misteries / anithing. Even VALENTINA, although unnecessary and poorly written and recorded, was much better in uncertainty and fun. Then, in order to give a little credit to that story, the screenwriter wanted to add some political vision to the story. . Incorrect: done in flash-back photos similar to traffic, this is certainly the most interesting thing in the movie. He could have been holding that, he would not have to sit through the whole movie. You better go straight to Guillermo del Tros DEVIL'S BACKBONE (El espinazo del diablo) for some smart fun. Then homophobia. Bullseye! The first victims are S & M homosexuals who are addicted to drugs and stabbed to death. The disturbing olivier Martinez goes to an entertaining agency with a badly shaved overweight heavy transvestite with a blue platinum wig. The name of Sorvino is a great embankment. Do we need such things? Nah. Just unnecessary offensive remarks, just like the previous one. Then there is uncertainty. Iipee. There is no obvious motive. The first killings are a common illusion because they represent the image of a famous painting. But not. And the discovery of a killer (of course, a fascist) could have been done from the very beginning because it appears at the end of the film, as, I suppose, it's time for the director to say "time, to finish this damn movie. why he's killing him. Then the director thinks he's a director, it's wrong: there is no feeling of uncertainty, no sense of directing actors, no knowledge of the change of rhythms, Giant, mega-wrestling, Scenes of Holy Week are unnecessary (maybe is the rule of co-production: ok, shoot in Seville, but show some credit to this beautiful and historic gr we are here: a mysterious movie for tourists!) /> Then actors All mistakes Mira Sorvino is bored to death: virtually nothing works except that she is stabbed in the right hand All she did best (Alternate Killers, Powerful Aphrodite ...) were as if they never existed Olivier Martinez ... hello, is there anyone? When will the producers know that he is not an actor but a puppet without the ability to speak and feel? Feodor Atkina, bland and transparent. We only respect Alida Vali, one of the greatest actors of the last century (and I hope that I will have several more roles in this current one). It is the main attraction here because it is the only one that gives life its bad lines. I will not mention other actors because they are only one-sided characters, uninteresting and shallow. Unconnected direction, inconsistent actors, incredible plot. Idiots incarnated. Supervonderscope says: 1 <br /> <br />
