Frank Zappa's axiom is that "music journalism is the people who can not write interviewing people who can not speak for people who do not know how to read it." If you ever needed proof that musicians can not speak, this is a movie for you. Repeated attempts to experience the depth go beyond them to end in one-sided comments in a loud voice: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is pretentious, but although much of the pawning of Ioussou N'Dour and his group of merry men (and a woman's wife) grates, music saves the day. <br /> <br> The main idea of ​​the film (what I consider as the main idea, drawn from an unarticulated commentary) is interesting. Gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through different styles of music that grew up in bondage and slavery, back to their roots in West African music, and a concert in the old foundations of slaves. from Goree off the coast of Senegal. We are treating gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including fantastic drumming in Nev-Orléans and Senegal. There's also a good part of N'Douro's compositions. Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It's never quite clear what N'Dour wants to accomplish. To a certain extent, the film seems to be a self-promotion exercise in N'Douro's work. He wants to play his own music, to some extent he is crafted and performed in the company of a crowd of musicians who admire him. Apparently, this is a bit embarrassing and early in the film gets the blessing of the Goree curator. The conflict between different programs is shown in several other places. For example, one obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without engaging the gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his friends are Muslims (which is repeatedly emphasized during the film). The whole early sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and then disappears from the story as long as the harmonic group is close (the only black Christians who can keep the tone?) Occurrences in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be honest, they appear triumphantly and perform the best work in the film.) If the story of black music should be nodded in the direction of the gospel, why not in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? There is also Europe. It seems that the black diaspora was not produced by any caliber musicians, as N'Dour chose a draft in an Austrian guitarist and a trumpeter from Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because N'Dour was playing with him before? However, what I personally was most irritating was a long series that tried to recreate some kind of beatman / black power / nation of Islam at New York's Amir Barake House (aka Leroy Jones). Listening to people are talking about the importance of "knowing your history" and then in the next breath that keeps the ignorance. Why are so many Afro-Americans believe that taking the Arabic name is a claim about their African roots? And why do they think that Arabic Islam is so much better than European Christianity? Who do they think has established the trade of African slaves? The film does not have much to say about the situation today in West Africa, and not just that the "present conditions" are the consequences of all the brightest and best since they were shipped for 300 years. Senegalis look like poor, but happy, musically talented people, kind and hospitable, respect their elders (and do not exceed American visits to the fish market). Is it an ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There is no comment on an armed guard who N'Dour and the cameraman seem to need in the opening sequence while walking through the streets of Dakar. In the film there is a strong implication that slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between folk drumming in New Orleans and the national drumming style of Senegal is cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves had heard before they were shipped was the drumming of their homeland, which greeted them. Except, of course, the slaves who were shipped from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or trafficked from the interior by coastal Siegen and sold to traders of any European force that currently holds the Goree slave formation. Dakar residents are not descendants of Africans who escaped from slave trade, they are equally likely ?? more like ?? to be descendants of people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. The conflict of two agendas is again in the final part of the film. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co train and prepare on the road and which deliver in the yard of the slave Fortress Goree. The other end comes when the Harmonious Harmoners sing the spiritual "Return to Glory", into the entrance of the sea fortress. This is deeply moving, even if it's hard to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. This is a film that is wrong. An unclear story he is trying to say and draw in different directions. Irritant, confusing, beautiful and emotional. Watch it (listen) to music and feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
