I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I hurried that "Frankenstein must be destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even if this time without Chistopher Lee. To my great disappointment, this film not only does not exist without Li, but without Frankenstein's Monster! Was it the case "If we can not get Lee, we will not have a monster at all"? Why would they do it? The monster is half way out of everything! This film is dedicated exclusively to the study of the Franconian baron and his endeavor to complete the experiments that began in brain transplant before he ended up in asylum. I thought that the script was very weak, with the need to force too much unbelief into the audience. I'm willing to suspend some amount, but this movie has become quite funny, which led me to the film, not to plunge into it. Peter Cushing is, however, absolutely brilliant playing pure evil. in this film. Since he is one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet people, he could certainly play scary and evil very good. The support is competent, but there is little work, even a young doctor and his fiancée have been blackmailed to help Frankenstein. An embassy chief of police was introduced, along with his assistant, to create a comic relief, and then completely fell out of the movie! Why? We believe that the chief of police will be the main enemy of the baron, and then convince us that this will be a young doctor, and then end up as a victim of Frankenstein brain transplantation experiment. There was no tension, we did not invest in the "creature", and the end was so ambiguous that it left someone unhappy, because it is so clear that they are setting another sequel. Also, there are practically no elements of "horror". Yes, initially it is cutting off the head (off-camera), and we are subjected to the sounds of Cushing that cuts the peaks of two male skulls (again, off camera), and there is also the most disturbing and completely unnecessary rape scene (90% of that is, again, out of the camera). I understand that there is a love for "letting the audience think it all out, because their imaginations are far worse than what we can show," but if you do not give us a monster, then at least give us some of the "horrible" elements you choose to turn on. Showing skeletons in a laboratory with a green light is simply not scary. Apart from the bad letter, I thought the direction was mostly straight. There were some nice shots, but otherwise there was no excitement, atmosphere or uncertainty. In 1958, the same director did Curse, and I thought it was greatly directed ... I suppose he was so inspired by this film as I do. The film gets 4 out of 10 from me. strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful, tinted performance ... besides, I found a little worth of recommendations in this film. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really big Hammer horror movie.
