"Her Cardboard Lover" is the latest film by Norma Shearer. She left the movies, and I think she joined the MGM Board of Directors. It was a good move on her part. "Her cardboard lover" was conversation and boring in parts. It was obvious that there was only a handful of actors who spoke, so they had a lot of dialogue to talk to keep this turkey on the surface. The story was a good idea of ​​a wealthy woman (Norma Shearer) who hired a man (Robert Tailor) to make her playboy's fiancée (George Sanders) jealous. I am surprised that the director, George Cukor, has not cut off many talkable scenes between Mrs. Shearer and Mr. Tailor. Mr. Cukor has served Mrs. Shearer well in "Women", but not in this film. The best performance in the film was given by Robert Tailor. During the career of Mr. Tailor, he won the best roles in comedy in this film and "Wen Ladies Meet" in 1941. in "Johnny Eager". He had a busy year. I mean all the actors in MGM, Mr. Tailor worked with all the major and minor actors. Also, MGM gave Mr. Tailor all kinds of films - most of them were successful. That's why MGM kept it for 25 years. <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good as a social heel. He played a similar role eight years later in "All About Eve" for which he won the Oscars for a supporting role. As for Mrs. Shearer, this was one of her worst performances, she was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. It is strange that in 1939 she made a great comedy "Women" and gave her the best performance. It was obvious that she was too old looking for her younger men in the "Her Cartoon Lovers". Also, it did not help that some of the clothes were terrible. It's a shame that she and Mr. Tailor did not make another dramatic movie like their last movie together, a wonderful "Escape". The same comments on this film can be said for another film, "Personal Properti", which Mr. Tailor made in 1937 with Jean Harlow. It was too loud, boring, and the actress looked old. Mrs. Harlow looked sick during the film and no one in Hollywood noticed her telling her to go to the doctor, and she died in 1937 at age 26. She was a good actress and got better roles.
