Even in 1942, the standards for filming films that the HER CARDBOARD LOVER gift were dated to the extreme. Makinations of one half of the couple (wife / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) in order to restore others to the threat of marriage to another, divorce or eventual separation through jealousy, humiliation or other schemes are done much better in a class such as HIS GIRL Fridai and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both of these films feature women with a strong, intransigent presence on the screen and play independent, proto-feminist characters. In both films, both women were alienated / divorced from their (witty) first husbands and were preparing to marry colorless men who were completely opposite, and both would laugh at casting down their future husbands and flare up their passion for The plot in THE LOVE OF HIS CARD is shifting the gender: here, it's Norma Shearer in the role of Cari Grant, this time to defend the former boyfriend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Tailor to represent himself as her gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a role more suitable for an actress in her mid and late twenties; Sanders is very involved as a piece of furniture - every man who would fall in love with his fiancé, when he sees a stranger coming out of her bathroom, as it happens here, would throw out lights and cause big scenes. Not here. And Robert Tailor plays his role as if trying to channel Cari Grant half time, not in voice modules, but in the overall essence. But the worst part is Shearer himself. For an actress who was used for parts that gave her a sense of intellectual sexism and a dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craidon seems to put her in pain with total overplayed acting, excessive emotional behavior and excessive gestures, while still a part of her style. from acting and, more appropriately, ten years earlier, it seems to look like an extremely manicured artist who pulls a joke from a situation such as water from a fairly dry sponge. It only encourages fires that speak of a theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of her career and the choice of (most of her) roles; why she has crossed roles such as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega hits NOV VOIAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, in most accounts, it is stated that until that moment it just burned out of acting, that it lost interest in the whole thing, and it's no secret that anyone who has experienced such things has essentially lost focus and can not wait until retirement or the end of the contract does not come as soon as possible. It could be the case here. She seems to be lost, she looks tired, seems sick, goes through the autopilot instead of living a part. After this film she will no longer work, but will be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh who will appear as a movie star during the late 40's and 60's.
