Welcome to movie 17 in 50 classic packs. Where we see it, that's right. Another movie that does not absolutely make sense. Seriously, this film confused me in the end, I thought to revatching "At dawn they sleep." The action seems simple enough ... it's up to 3 seconds in a movie in which a girl allegedly killed a cat and then ... um ... exploded? I have no idea what happened. and that was BEFORE THE SCIENTIFIC TITLE. It's really sad when I can not even say what happened in the first 3 minutes. In any case, she shoots with big mustaches that find this girl after leaving another girl on her way to paint somewhere. so we get there, but not before someone steals their jeep to drive him 200 meters away from town to city. suspicious? nah. so they decide to stay in this abandoned village with an old woman. and then blah blah things happen and blah blah speaks. A guy with a mustache comes out of fog for some reason, although his old man says he does not do it. He gets lost and then finds his way back. Oh, I forgot to mention that it was after all incredibly absurd 20 minutes to stay in the house of a guy who looks like that guy who's crazy casablanca. Then go. There really is no point in this scene. It's really just padding. if you cut it, no one would notice or torture him. But unfortunately, it was actually the best part of the movie. wait. to reformulate. Unfortunately, it was the best part of the movie. because it was so confusing that I had to look at IMDb to find out what happened. But, of course, nobody else knows, so I'm SOL. Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most important moments in which I saw videos. They dressed her in the dress, he was kidnapped, then released, ran back to the house, and eventually witches in the house and ends? Seriously. I hardly ever been so confused in the movie. I mean, bad like movies like "The War of Robots", at least they make SENSE. this film does not even make a TEST to be coherent. The ending was as confusing as the end "At dawn they are sleeping" and the plot was much boring. This film gets 1 only because of its pure "I have no idea what happened in this movie." "Vitches Mountain" gets 1 confused filmmaker from 10.
