I could not understand this film for most of the time, nor anyone else, based on other reviews. The introductory scene of this film has nothing to do with the rest of the story. A photojournalist with big mustaches in her has canceled her vacation to escape from her girlfriend. Named to photograph a mountain chain. It is said to have been persecuted, but I did not know if he heard it from his boss or later in the film. On her way she sees the beautiful writer (Patti Shepard) and assures her to join him on his work. Through the movie, there's this terrible musical score, which mostly consists of noisy singing that makes you scream "SHUT UP ALREADI !!!" What really causes a person is that the movie always looks like it will become good, although it never does. There is a beautiful mountain landscape and some truly dreadful atmosphere. The inn and quiet, abandoned old buildings scattered on the mountain are quite malevolent. The foggy nights look real, not as if somebody set up an artificial fog machine. And the idea, although not original, had the potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to pay off. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn, run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be called Igor) with a problem of hearing. There is a scene in which the writer thinks that it is turned into a window in the window, but the scene is so dark, that I had no idea what was happening. Whether it's bad lighting or bad movie download is an unknown menu. In any case, we will never find out what happened. There is a scene in which she flies overnight. It never explains whether it is in the month or is hypnotized by witches from the title. Another scene that never explains is when cars are stolen, and then they find it again without stealing anything. They end up in this seemingly abandoned mountain village whose only inhabitant is this seemingly kind old woman. There are other things, including a hunted wild man in a cave that has never been explained, an attempt to sacrifice in some way a victim (will she kill her or brainwash her to join them?), The witch itself, a bunch of women in black in white dresses that do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene makes no sense. When everything is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
