To say this film is extremely difficult to follow, and it is just as frustrating as it is very easy. It is also true that the current available press is dark, dull, scratchy, flawlessly arranged, painfully synchronized, seemingly censored and in an almost inconspicuous form. This film is very needed for good remastering from a full, uncut, original negativity, and seeing how relatively atmospheric (and won the award at the Catalan Film Festival). Then again, maybe not ... It's simply impossible to say in the current state of what the movie is. It's starting to be pretty interesting, if you can throw away a totally meaningless sequence for opening a loan, which includes a disturbed little girl named Snake called murder, Gerda. Mom's girlfriend, Carla (Monica Randall, who was about to take a little pencil for a little bit), gasps the gas in the garage and burns her bug. Seemingly crazy as a young Gerda, he goes to visit his alienated photographer (former) boy Mariou ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation from work, but desperately wants to escape from Carla to beg his employers to assign him a task ... every task. She frowned "You'll be sorry!" as he goes out the door. Well, Mario is in charge of photographing a "witch's mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before reaching her destination, she takes a look at a beach beach called Delia (Patti Shepard) and captures several photos of her bikini cannon. She is just a little bit frustrated, she claims that she is only one writer, two flirts and then decides that this will be a great idea if they go on a trip together in the mountain. When they got to her to pack up the bags, Mario suddenly heard loud, malicious music. Delia claims she just listens to things. So, the two of them begin their journey along the mountain, stopping at the local inn to spend the night. There they encounter the strange, partly deaf, crazy eyes of the innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone was spying through her window. The next day, under some trance, she flies along the mountain and finally is located by Mary, who comes out of her jeep and runs behind her. When he finds out what's going on, somebody is stealing their wheels and they are forced to walk a piece, eventually finding a jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, old, seemingly deserted village ... almost as if someone deliberately lured them down. there. As we will see, that's exactly what happened. In the village they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims that she is the only person who still lives there and allows them to stay in her home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when it develops them, they are spooky full of people. Slightly crawling, he and Delia start to go and get stuck in a "dangerous" fog and have to retreat and camp on the night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo puppets, black cats turning into sexy women, Satanic rituals performed by ladies in their breasts and a lethal fall from a cliff. And yes, it turns out that Carla's alienated wife is one of the witches. Everything is happening in the half hour and, to be honest, I did not know what the hell is going on most of the time. The non-defining "open" ending is just an additional slap in the face of anyone who has to suffer because of the rest of this senseless confusion. Honestly, there are only a few things that stand out for me as really good. The first is actress Shepard, who has that brilliant Barbara Steele as a dark, mysterious beauty. There is also great music (attributed to Fernand Garci Morcillo) and singing songs, which helped make this film atmospheric. Working at the site is pretty decent, but as I said, the print is ugly and can be cunning, so continue with caution.
