In Europe it is known as Vho Dares Vins; in America is known as the final option, but under any heading this funny SAS action movie invites the audience to put their disbelief on one side for about two hours. It's incredibly difficult to understand how Levis Collins (the hero here) was almost elected to succeed Roger Moore in Bond films ... this guy is so impolite that he is struggling to get a job in a museum of wax figures (fortunately, Judy Davis available to partially purchase an affair with a meaty performance as a hard-core terrorist, and there is also the last ten-minute sequence of actions competently orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. Allow yourself to add that it is a very, very, very long wait to round up these final excitement, and I can not spark but say that waiting for almost two hours for a little decent action was worth the effort. SAS hard man Peter Skellen (Levis Collins) goes secret in a group of peace demonstrators who would like to end the accumulation of nuclear weapons. He realizes their the leader of Frenki (Judy Davis), a fierce and stubborn woman who might be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's consecrated group violently surrounded the US embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in Scotts oj (it is believed that when the world bears witness to the reality of a nuclear explosion, everyone will be so amazed that she will join the campaign to disarm). Unfortunately, for Frenki, she makes a mistake and takes Skelena to her small attack in the embassy, ​​and plans to indulge in their plan with a little well-planned external help from their SAS comrades. The film is inspired - quite obviously - a terrible attack by SAS on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event on the news obviously thought it would be good to think of a movie in a similar way. Unfortunately, the film is fairly banal, with too many stupid dialogues and many shamefully bad scenes (a debate that goes down in a mess, anybody?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace through the incitement of a nuclear explosion is nevertheless ridiculous, so she becomes a funny figure right when the audience is on the verge of being seen as an interesting villain. Those who dare to win try to be a celebration of the military legend that is SAS, but at the same time it slips into clumsy action clichés and poorly designed plans. The result is a benevolent, but totally ineffective part of the Boi's Ovn Absurd.
