"It's hard to love to describe how it's as exciting to make a relationship as a drama with all the similar pornographic scenes as it's a good example, and instigate it as counter-similar and make us more like money and things like that." - Ellen , a lost quote. "Kissing, like, on the mouth and stuff" is like the best artistic venture ever made. Watching like Ellen's hairy hands and as Chris masturbated was like the height of my long experience of watching movies and stuff. But before I begin to look like new records with the US-20, with my "ladies", let me just briefly find the highlights of this visual festivity: 1. Chris works with their genitals. And not just that: the way the camera (so elegantly guided by Ellen and Patrick) rewards the viewer with a full-screen shot of Chris's thick white trash stomach after completing a non-catholic work - that was really exciting. I can honestly say that I have never seen such kindness. Chris, you should do more of these scenes in the next films, because that's exactly what we needed as a continuation of what was started by that brilliant, brilliant man, Lars von Trier and his "Idiots 95". Fast, and then hairy, thick, white belly: what more can a filmmaker look for?! Needless to say, I can sit all day and watch Chris ejaculate (despite the fact that I'm right) ... Such poetry on the move. Such elegance, such a style. Nothing less than total, the divine inspiration went into the recording of this sequence - plus a solid amount of Zen philosophy. Even Barbra Streisand could not get more spiritual than this. 2. Ellenine hairy, thick hand. Large-scale large-scale photographs, which were so skillfully photographed by our two photo directors (this can not be emphasized enough), Ellen and Patrick often caused confusion over the proper identification of the gender. There were several scenes when we saw part of the body (leg, arm or leg), but it was often a game of guessing: does that part of the body belong to a man or a woman? Of course, Chris and his fellow artists, Ellen, Patrick and vhatsername, were deliberately engaged, because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender confusion. It was sometimes difficult to guess if someone sees a female or male leg. Patrick is so thin and feminized in his movements, so gentle and intact, while Ellen and the other girl are so noisy, with their thick legs and arms. Brilliant. 3. Brilliant - especially the way it is neatly associated with the topic of reversal of the role between sexes: so completely original and intelligent. Ellen behaves like a man, wants sex all the time, while her former Patrick wants to talk - like a little girl. Spiffing. 4. Ellen searches for left partner. "He must love the" Simpsons, "which is entirely left-wing." I'm glad the creators of this film have decided to stop the long tradition of providing intelligent leftists. Elen is so refreshing - and realistic - a change. The number of "likes" she and her liberal friends can say in less than 80 minutes is really phenomenal (3,849, to be precise). They managed to realistically transmit their real incapacity to the big screen with minimal effort, and I applaud them for it. 5. Close-up fingers. There are many things here for fetishists, which I think is a very liberal, highly praiseworthy way to reach sexual minorities. After all, in modern cinema, so little is offered fetishists of footwear and footwear, so it's nice to see someone else out there. KOTM, or rather, KLOTLMAS, offers more than it seems. It's not just about a modest movie about shallow people who embark on empty ties while they are left with meaningless conversations. No, that's much more than that. It's about the light that drives all the stupid creatures; guiding the futile lives of various pseudo-artistic vannabes who just left the film school, and plan to attack our senses with murky nonsense that I hope to play well at pretentious festivals such as Sundance and Cannes, enabling them to gain the necessary exposure , that is, some real money for change, which will later employ people like Sean Penn and George Clooney in promoting the rescue of this planet and solving all the political problems that this world faces. What is the better way to do this from creating pornography at the very beginning? If Chris and Ellen made the camera here, as clearly indicated in the end, who held the camera while the two of them were in front of him? They probably hired some passers-by and pushed the camera into their own hands ... Go to http: //rateiourmusic.com/~Fedor8, and check out my TV and cinema: 150 worst cases Of Nepotism.
