So this film is greeted, celebrated and performed at incredible heights. But in the end, what's that really? Many of the ways it is designed to work for the listening audience on the screen does not work. Pretty academic work with cameras holds that signing is blurred, and scenes that are in ASL are difficult to track as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. Interpreting the voice of Matlin's dialogue, under the pretense that Hurt's character "loves the sound of his voice", turns him into a strange remote object as the film continues. Matlin does not shine in several scenes where her signature is not partially hidden from view. However, most of the film, when this is a love story, is shown only from one point of view, from the man's. As Ebert said: "If there is a story about the battle of two people on a common basis on which they will communicate, it is not fair that the whole film is done only for one of them." The idea that an oral teacher, who for decades uses the methods imposed on many deaf schools, is portrayed as "revolutionary" is offensive in itself. His character becomes weakened as a credible teacher as the film continues. Drawing a comedy from a deaf accent is, quite frankly, quite low. And his attitude toward male students in his class is quite symptomatic of how he looks like a woman: as a man who is right. A party scene involving several deaf people, including several academician meetings, seems to him seemingly isolated, in a way that is rather inconsistent with his credentials: I saw the translators spontaneously shifting between others even when they did not know the deaf person in this area, and yet somehow feels like a water fish in an environment in which his education should be perfectly used. As a lover, he looks like a typical, gloomy, nice guy, including his tendency to act posesively afterwards. Yet, the film is really only visible through him, because everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. Scenes involving other deaf children are, generally speaking, wall dancers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the scene of the pool, even the initial sleeping scene that should carry something from it - all those scenes that try to point out the isolation of the protagonist are the broken metaphors, at best: many listening to people I know to dance on the bass rhythms that deaf people feel (instead of being tortured like chocolate), and going to the evening dive for a person who is hearing is rarely an excuse for a profound statement on the isolation of deafness (not seriously, when I go to swim, I'm going to swim) . It also fails to bring the end of the pitch ve, rather than being the story of a deaf woman who undergoes a strong man. Although the original performance ended with the same position, where both must accept as they are, and where it must finally recognize its true voice, it is the movement of her hands, not the vibration in her throat. > And for all the breakthrough that may have looked, Marlee Matlin remains Hollywood's deaf woman to this day.
