There is something in most of us, especially the guys, who admire some sort of populist assembly of a small working class city. And Sean Penn serves us with cherries at the top. Hey, many people use Penn as a political boy, but I do not rate movies or actors based on politics or personality. That's what right-wing commentators such as the extraordinary loser miss the debut of Debbie Schlussel. Though he acknowledges that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this painting was a simplified piece of the hell of a shit he bought. Okay, this is the essence of this good policeman, a small-town policeman, Joe, against David Morse, who is playing against a guy, and who is hunting a guy on the road for a farm in the country. big cars of the sixties. The bad guy stops, goes out, shoots him so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation as to what made this man make such a desperate violent thing, and the parents of the dead worked some peasant in the police station, while Joe felt really sad and wrong that he had to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer who forced his country to work as a policeman, is a good basic guy. Then his brother Frank appeared, he is a sadistic, amoral silder, fresh from the army and Nama, where the war got his lust. Some people here and in other reviews called him only an irresponsible younger brother, and Sean was trying to point out something about our culture and the war of John Vainea doing for good people otherwise, but what I saw was an amoral, sadistic silde enjoyed in hurting and breaking people. Then there are mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turn as an old-fashioned village couple and then die; She is a disease and he is a suicide bomber, to improve the story for us. Both times Frank is a bad guy who is absent and poor SOB. But good Joe returns him to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can settle his life by welding bridges and live with his utterly stupid scream, a tragic pregnant woman. But Joe has a fine woman, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, a Mexican, and Sean uses this as an exercise in some affirmative action decoration of a good Joe and his true dignity under uniform and crew. For me it was a totally meaningless backing incentive that Sean used to fire his credible lads by dazzling Mexicans because the Mexicans are so solid and cool. But Frank is bad, and we get the need for events such as car theft of cars, robbery of a gas station by punching clerks over the head and burning cars and all the cool things that hell says. Then, there are compulsory 8mm childhood films about young Joei, who subdue the lawn and cowboy dressed up by Frankie jumping on the back and wrestling with him and even then iadda so that we all know the deep connection between the two of them. So, the film meanders with a lot of small town chinks to warm the heart of any red stater. Along with the film, it was an excellent soundtrack of good sixties, such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were completely inappropriate, apart from the effects of the 1960s, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst thing is that the film was inspired by Springsteen's song "The Highway Patrolman", and that song was not included. Thus, Joe's dead wife goes into trouble and Joe goes to the bar to fill up and pour some populist drunken victims on how tough things are when good Joei comes to drag him to his wife. Barmen is a good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank struggles for no special reason and fights his friend Ceasar until his death, after Joe's policeman goes for good. the real thing and hit this danger to society. Instead we get a scene in which his brother stays in front of him in some old 50th junker on a lonely road at night, and little Frankie leaves his car in his cowboy suit and capsules to face good Joe, a 8mm flashback kid home movie. Oi, such a duck! Then to surpass this skeptical fest, there is a female shit about the Indian runner, who is the messenger, becomes the message, Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better than this, so do not be afraid to miss this one.
