I'm afraid this is pretty scary, despite several good performances and generally competent mode of acting for the camera. This is the first and last attempt by the writer and director Soo Liu. "Rub and Tug" (2002) is one of the unfortunate side products of the Canadian program to promote domestic film production. While the program encourages valuable efforts such as the "New Waterford Girl", it opens the door for non-talented novices such as Liu, who did not have to aggressively execute this project, but was green lighted without an adequate examination of the script or credentials. You do not mind the low budget, because loose production, poor lighting, bad sound and gloomy selection of shots according to the document is consistent with the theme; workers in Canadian massage parlors. But dialogue and planning do not give actors anything they can do, the editor can get a lot of things, or the viewer has any mental challenge apart from the suspense of the unbelief. When your story is so simple, the last thing you need is a crafty storytelling technique; Although nothing happens, the film is difficult to follow and the viewpoint is impossible to determine. Don McKellar's performance as Conrad is several degrees below its similar characterization in "Ekotics". Linda Booth's Lea is her standard airhead; as always, she is pretty, but here is a little bit different. Cira Kira Clavell is a pleasant surprise, some sort of Asian Shelley Duval. The only other role of any consequence, the street Tera Spencer-Nairn, Betty Street, more than canceled her excellent performance at the "New Waterford Girl". Her shallow performance in "Rub and Tug" should shorten any tendency to search for other films in which she appeared; unless you need an additional confirmation of Waterford's skills by director Alan Moil in working with young actors. Quickly conclude that Liu's reptilian brain can not understand terms such as the complexity of the plot, so the need to insert lazy and lame "deus ek machina" device is ultimately a surprise. Still, it might be worse, the indifferent story has so little internal logic that an incredible ending is not as painful as it would otherwise be. Then, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
