If my memory is true, when this film was released, it came across something like a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it should be, it does not actually work. That's not really funny. Putting that pretty important (since it's called a comedy!) Failure, since I do not have personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - dealing with events behind the scenes at the Massage Massage Show in Toronto, except to say - if that's true - Life is pretty boring. For more than an hour, this movie does not really give much of anything but some basic knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is a newly employed massage salon manager whose primary job is to ensure that girls do not give "full service" - euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Beti's goal is to buy her own salon so she can run her own business, Cindi is an illegal immigrant in Canada who works to support her family at home, and Leah is - well, Lea is a strange, undefined character with a fetish nipple - the truth - who seems to be in business because - well, because it is in her! I have no idea what this is about. These three can be quite reasonable composite characters that accurately represent the motivation of women involved in this job. The film is muted and does not offer much until it is discovered that Conrad was a Bad Boy. We should have reached that point earlier. The only thing that was really interesting was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and vengeance drawn against him by the girls. That vengeance plan was pretty good, and you're grateful when it happens, because by that moment you are wondering why you're wasting your time. That the story was more centered on vengeance, it might have been a pretty funny movie. Performances with 4 tapes were ok, although I did not think anyone came across outstanding results. All four characters were a little shallow. Cindy had a sympathetic character, as did Conrad for a while, although he turned out to be a bad man of the movie. Bearing in mind the theme, there is a surprisingly little nudity (and what exists is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence about it. As for the overall quality of the film, it's a little budget effort, which shows, although you expect some mortality, I suppose, a movie set in the context of the massage room, so it's forgiven. However, this surely speaks of the fact that this was published eight years ago and that it is still the only merit for the biography of writer and director Soo Liu and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that he is not even regarded as worthy nominated for any prize Genie - a Canadian version of the Oscar. 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with it.
