Written as some kind of sequel "The Full Monty," about unemployed men in Sheffield, this film is a fake. As someone who was born in Sheffield, and still has to do with the city, I was extremely disappointed This movie. Somebody said it could have been set up in Oklahoma, and that's just for me. This looked like a romantic view of North England made for the US market. Probably many Americans - and many people in the south of England - do not realize that Sheffield is a large city of about half a million inhabitants, with a sophisticated urban culture. In "among the giants" it is portrayed as a gloomy, blind semi-rural town, where everyone in Sheffield drank in the same old-fashioned pub, and where the idea of ​​people about the party was a dance line in a village hall to look like. This was a small, close community, not a metropolitan city. People from the Sheffield working class were completely different from their real-life colleagues, who were mostly silent and communicating with each other in grunting and brief conversation. dri remarks. They do not chat and certainly do not sing in choirs. Even the rural settlements, allegedly in Okrug Peak, seemed to me strange. I recognized several places where I walked, but some of the aerial photographs of the pylon that stretched across the gloomy landscape reminded me more of Wales. Indeed, in points I finally noticed a reference to Gwinedd, Vales. In the summer, Peak District crawled with walkers and tourists in cars. It is located between two big cities. It's not some sort of wilderness. As for the idea that a young woman could fall in love with and lust after him, Pete Posthletit, it was funny and it could have been just a male dream. Her reasons for becoming his lover were never apparent. None of the men showed that they have a partner or family; They existed in a vacuum. Anyone who wants to see a film about unemployed chefs would be misled. This Sheffield existed only in the minds of middle class writers and filmmakers. It was a gigantic mistake! <br /> <br />
