This type of narration is unacceptable. The only reason this film is somewhere above five stars of 10 lines is because behind it stands George Lucas, and the title has the words "Star" and "Vars". It is an insult to ambitious filmmakers and many others who made clear superior films with superior story, writing and acting, but did not get credit. This is a travesty. First of all. Story. Anakin evolution? There is not one. Except a little lipstick around her eyes, and a little shouting, she's gone. He becomes a young, stupid, boss Anakin Skivalker for Darth Vader with one shot. The only thing that was consistent with Dart Vader in the original series was his intelligence, how good he was in almost everything he did, planning, fighting. The only consistent thing about Anakin, perceived in the trilogy, was his consistent nonsense. He even loses his body for nonsense. Which part of Emperor Palpatine tells him about legends about the Sith, does not indicate that the Emperor was Sith? Unacceptable! The battle scene used too many digital duplicates. All fly everywhere like a bear in a dollhouse. Count Dooku, Car Palpatine, Anakin, Obi-Van, almost every fighter had a rubber digital double jump. In one specific battle scene, Obi-Van and Anakin in the ultimate battle, both are actually stopping in the middle of paris and rush, to turn your swords several times while you are one centimeter away. I understand that the fighting is choreographed, but that only disturbed me with disdain and disgust. Writing was terrible. The whole dialogue was extremely low quality. Good actors like Evan McGregor and Natalie Portman did their best by doing what they could, but that was not enough. I can not say bad enough about this film. Too special effects, draws holes larger than the center of the universe, and absolutely no insight into any character. This is the biggest mistake of this film: nothing new is offered. We know the rough image of everything, everything that Lucas did is both. We knew that Anakin had lost limbs. We knew that Luke and Leia were brothers and sisters, we knew that Luke Anakin's son, we knew that Obi-Van and Ioda were going to exile, we knew everything. Nothing new is offered in this movie. If that's all that fans want, then that's okay, Lucas could not make a mistake. But when Anakin finally becomes Darth Vader, and asks for Padme, and he heard that he was dead, he stretched out his hand. His hands are clumsy and screaming "Nooooooooooooooooooooo." That scene screamed B-movie all the way, and I half expected that Darth Vader would go "DANGER OF ROBINSON, DANGER" at any time. That's it. B-movie, disguised with a huge budget and an ultra-loyal fan base that will satisfy all the things now that the first two films have pulled their standards to the earth's pitches.
