Well, I finally saw him. I did not leave when it first came out, because, frankly, I was scared. Be worried how badly or how disappointing it might be. Although not as bad as a threat and better than clones, it was not particularly memorable or satisfactory. I was 11 when I saw Star Wars. I still remember sitting in the theater. From the opening to the final points there was a film experience that I will never forget. A timeless story about a bored boy who only knows that he was destined for more, rescuing the princess and the Galaxy from the evil threat while being taught by the wise wizard, riders and various comic reliefs - all in the space-setting options. And it's not that Lucas is punished for the old formula. It's an old formula precisely because it works. And on his merit, he gave him new crafts that made him very special. Then came the empire and the story became more than just a fairy tale. Darkness entered the picture and we learned one of the great movie turns of all time. The great criminal, Vader was Lucy's father. Vov, nobody saw it. Of course, I am convinced that Lucas did not do it until he appeared on the script. Go back and watch Star Vars again. Knowing what you now know, especially in the light of the first three episodes, see if this really fits. What brings me to the problems I have. Revenge is a fun movie - huge effects, lots of action, some good fighting scenes. But the film still lives or dies on its stage - the story it is talking about. Oh, surely, really good acting can save a bad action, but a bad thing in combination with a bad acting - it's a burden that no director can overcome, certainly not as bad as I'm forced to realize that George Lucas (The man has managed to directs some of the worst performances in her career by some very fine actors - Liam Neeson, Natalie Portman, Samuel Jackson). ***** * Complication. Oh my God. Understand, he's already handicapped by what happened in the first two films, so it's an incredible load. One too much for him. First we have the absurdity of the background. Anakin was found as a child on Tatooine, a product of a virgin, miraculous birth - a "chosen one". This detail can never be explained. Indeed, the closest explanation is Yodo's observation that they may have been wrong. Oh, good, then good. Our fault. Now, this same vunderkind is the creator of C3PO. Hey, what a coincidence. And they'll go back to Tatooine and they'll never know she's from there? Wow! How about that. To test the old willful suspension of disbelief, eh George? After all, we have that chubby kid, a weird, sulky young man who must somehow become one of the greatest criminals in Cinematic history - the great tragedy of Darth Vador - a good guy falling from grace, only to finally reach redemption in the end. How is this, please, happening? He has a dream that his wife will die at childbirth. Now, of course, he lives in a civilization that stretches through the stars and treats gravity as we treat gasoline, but whether it's going to be "dark" to be checked with a doctor perhaps, maybe this futuristic society can do Something about this problem? Why, no, the only thing he can think of doing is to kill some children, because a bad guy at the root of all the evil that they have pursued for two films tells him that he has the secret of immortality. Well, of course. Shes. How can Lucas expect us to watch such nonsense and to be shaken by it? How can one expect to be worried? To hell, why would somebody want to keep this bribe or buy it? I wanted Kenobi to kill him not because he was evil, but because he was pathetic stupid. Oh, by the way, Amidala finally dies. In childbirth. Why? Well, they do not know. The doctor, who is a droid and who points to the incredibly high technology that this society has advanced, offers only the conclusion that it "lost the will to live". Well, oh, ok, of course it is. Maybe she finally got in touch with her with the crazy sleep. But here we are. We have Kenobi for all this. He knows about the birth of Luke and Leie. He knows who their father is and knows what's happening to them. He also knows the role of R2 and C3PO. However, in a few years, how does Luke approach masculinity and appears with 3PO and R2 (curiously, the um 3PO has been deleted, but not R2 - why ????), stating "I think these droids belong to you", Kenobi, who he knows that the protocol droid was constructed by the one he believed was "chosen" and the emperor of the emperor himself, and who was accidentally built on this planet, says "strange, I do not remember having owned him." O, Lucas just invented this while he was together. Once he introduced VAder as Lukin's father, unfortunately, the story began to turn around because H E DOES NOT KNOW WHAT THE STORY HAS BEEN Episodes 1-3 are simply incomprehensible. Nothing that Palpatine did did any rational sense, and none of this is related to the story he originally said in Star Wars. /> It's a later thought and look. <Br /> <br /> <br /> I can not give this movie a high score ... It reminds me of Triple Ks Funny movie to watch, but totally forgetting Star Wars will always stay in my mind . Luckily, this, and the two previous ones, will soon disappear.
