At one point, Violet (Lucie Liu) says Neill (Cillian Murphi) that she is constantly looking for an adventure. She said "because I'm boring". This means that she can not really continue her life by doing some obligatory activities. Well, I think her reason and the way this film goes is very ironic. Because "Watching the detective" is merry boredom. Do any of these characters really do something exciting? Neil is a nerd who runs his little video store. He and his geek friends usually hang around the store and watch movies together while discussing them later. But Neil's life turns completely when Violet enters his shop. She is an eccentric woman who hides a secret from him. In any case, after a certain date, they decided to see. The problem is that Violet is a person who continues with humorous jokes on Neil and can not do something normal, while Neil is completely opposite from her. The question is. Will eventually be in love? You bet. "Detective Watch" is a cliché romantic comedy. And they did it worse, pretending to be something else. From the first few sets, we know that Neil is a rather relaxed guy who has not devoted himself to anything. And then, Violet enters the scene, it looks all weird and boring. So, at this point, we all know that we will sit in all senseless situations in order to find out how it will end up eventually. Is it worth the wait? I would say no. As I said, they tried to give more for the audience. "Watching the detective" is trying to talk about dedication. Observe how far people go to reach something they want. In the end, we knew that the crazy things Violet did, all testing how far Neil was ready to go to conquer her heart (or anything else). Well, I think it's totally shit. This movie will end pretty soon if Neil only says to himself: "Forget about it, that girl is one of the crazy!" Having recently collaborated with many great directors (Danny Boile's "Sunshine" and "28 Dais Later", Ken Loachov's "Wind That Shakes Barren" and Neil Jordan "Breakfast on Pluto" to name just a few), it's pretty strange choice for Cillian Murphi to shoot a movie with one of Broken Lizard's comedies, Paul Soter. In any case, it's not bad (as usual), but such an actor like him should not waste time in a movie like this one. On the other hand, Lucie Liu is terribly terrible as Violet. Her acting is a mess. I mean, it's everywhere and so on top. Tony Montana would be proud. The last, but not the least important mistake made by the movie is a completely unimportant title. You can not accurately associate a point between the plot and its title; and then you will end up thinking that it makes no sense. In short, "Watching the Detective" is pleasing, if not forgotten, a movie clip you can get on cable television so quickly that you could not imagine it. Bloody Monday Rating: 1.5 / 4
