I caught this stinking film bomb recently on the cable channel, and I recalled how terribly I thought it was in 1980 when it was first published. Many critics are not old enough to remember the huge hype that surrounded this film and the struggles between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The incredibly popular novel had legions of fans eager to see the "supreme" director who put this multilayer supernatural story on the screen. "Salem's Lot" was already destroyed in the late 1970s as a TV series, directed by Tobe Huper (he is "the glory in the Tekas Chainsav Massacre") and was badly processed, turning the big bad guy into a "Chiller Theater" vampire without any real danger and thus destroys the entire room. " The fans hoped that the director of the Cubic Order would succeed where Hooper did not succeed. It did not happen. Of course, this movie looks great and has a great initial sequence, but after these few achievements everything is downhill. Jack Nicholson can be nothing but Jack Nicholson. He is always crazy and did not bring anything to his role. I do not care that many reviewers think that he's all in this clinker, "Here's Johnny!" no matter ... he's terrible in this movie. Like everyone else. The character of Scatman Crothers, Dick Halloran, was essential for the book's work, but Kubrick was killing him in one of the brightest "shock" sequences ever filmed on the movie. I remember the audience in the theater that I saw on several occasions during the last 45 minutes of this poor film, the ones that remained ... a lot of them left. King's books really do not really turn into movies, because so many narratives happen internally to his characters, and often metaphysical. Kubrick has rejected the tension between the living and the dead in favor of style, and the resulting mess ends so far away from the original material that in the end we do not worry about what will happen to whom. This movie still stinks and why many think it's a horror masterpiece outside of me.
