WARNING: This overview contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want some points to be discovered before you look at the movie. With such an actor, you wonder whether the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. Did they see the script and say: 'Hey, close encounters of the third kind were so hit that this one can not fail.' Unfortunately, he has. Did they even think that they checked the letters of credit? I mean, would you do a movie with the director of the movie called Satan's Cheerleading? Greidon Clark, who later continued to direct the notorious 'Final Justice', did this. That's why you are wondering how people from the Mystery Science Theater 3000 could shoot "Final Justice" and completely miss "The Return". The film is set in a small town in New Mexico. A little boy and a girl are on the street without supervision one evening when a powerful light beam of light comes on, which floats above them. In probably the worst order of the movie's effects, the ship throws out some sort of red ink on them. Clark seemed to have held a glass of water from the lens of the camera and pulled into it his missed pen so that you were immediately treated with cheese. In any case, the ship goes off and adults do not trust children. Otherwise, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider to be a great actor (see his scenes in the 'Spirit' as evidence, because they are extraordinary), who play the prospector, or as I called him, Miner 1949er. He came out of the cave where he was, and he and his dog were soaked in a boat. Twenty-five years passed, and the girl grew up to become Cibill Shepherd, who works with her father, Raimond Burro, in the study of unusual weather events. Or something similar. Shepherd notices some strange phenomena in satellite images across that little city in New Mexico, and she travels there to investigate her. Once she gets there, local ranchers are harassing her, and they blame her for the recent rebellion of cattle that is happening, and her deputy, Jan-Michael Vincent, comes to her. From that moment on, the film is really dragging away as the two of them quickly descend, especially after Vincent rejected the local population and informed Shepherd that he was the little boy he had seen with her twenty-five years earlier. While this boring mess occurs, Vincent Schiavelli, with his dog killer on his side, is walking around killing cattle and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know that these great stores of plastic wands are sold for trick-or-treatments on Halloween, those shaking to shine them? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these brilliant combs for combustion of cuts in humans. This is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with a brilliant stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly turns into darkness, as the filmmakers thought a brilliant stick was needed for this improvement. This leads to the fact that the film looks even cheaper than it is. <br /> And what does this all lead to? It's hard to say when the final, confusing scene arrives. You see, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain satellite images that Shepherd found as a kind of 'business card', but none of this makes any sense. Why not Shepherd and Vincent age and Schiavelli? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and people and why he wants dead Shepherd, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old to do it. And aliens will not need him if Shepher is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of aliens, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How can I be so sure Shepherd will be back? It is not that the answer to any of these and other questions would make the "Return" more pleasant. They would still have bad lines, really bad acting, especially by Shepherd, cheesy effects and bad directions. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this film. Cibill Shepherd soon appeared in 'Moonlighting' with Bruce Villis. Jan-Michael Vincent performed in dozens of B-films, often in high-end parts. Raimond Burr made a series of television films by Perry Mason until his death. Vincent Schiavelli was a great actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played a dumb policeman, soon made an excellent 'Alone in the Dark' and horrible 'The Being' before joining the films he recently celebrated. You can bet that none of these stars want their career to return to 'Return'. Zantarin result: 2 out of 10.
