Film "Slugs" is unique because the titular gamers are actually good guys in this terrible story of nature that has broken down. You see, these poor snails are mutated by the pollution of evil people and do not want to do anything malicious, they are just snails - snails with sharp teeth that eat meat and secretions, but mites are not. Real bad guys are people who either actively try to destroy our beloved snails, or they overreact when they meet them. For example, go to the scene where the guy puts a glove full of snails. They were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove, when this gigantic hand came from nowhere, and they reacted instinctively, defending themselves and biting a guy. Now, instead of looking for medical help for his bite, this guy runs around a glass garden screaming like idiots, shedding some very volatile chemicals, igniting fire, crushing a book lid on himself, and cutting off his hand - then the fire and volatile chemicals are mixed his house explodes. How can you blame the snail? This film picture portraits people who is less than favorable. The characters in this film include a dumb sheriff who hates everything, a drunk peasant who is for his dog, and a rough aide whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him. There is also a set of drunken teens who attack while they are being copied, and we must see a thin, long-haired freak of genitals. In the meantime, there is a guy who looks like a demonic Leslie Neilson who shouts "You have no authority to announce a happy birthday!" for some reason. Finally, this disgust parade is rounded off by a classic MST3K class whose face exploded after eating a salad with granules (others easily escaped fate blamed for helpful, harmless snails). People are portrayed as greedy, stupid, racist, alcoholics and, in one meaningless scene, as potential rapists. At the height of the film, villains are trying to burn snails that helplessly sneak into the sewers, Well, since they are idiots, people are able to crack the whole city. They do more harm than the snails have ever done! If you hate people, and I know you are doing this, you will appreciate the "snails". If you are a fan of bad cinema, you will also appreciate this crapfest from the "Pieces" and "Pod People" directors. It has enough bad acting, stupid dialogue, illogical turns in plotting, bad special effects, meaningless scenes and bad dubbing to keep your attention.
