Kubrick meets King. It sounded so promising in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the film came out, and Kubrick cultists have since quarreled with royal cultists. Royal cultists say that Stanley Kubrick took a great horror story and destroyed it. Kubrick's cultists do not care for the king's story. They talk about Steadics, tracking, camera corners. This is a film, they insist: He should consider himself. As it happens, both camps are correct. Unfortunately. If we consider it only as an adaptation of King's novel, "The Shining" is really a failure, a failed opportunity, a series of unsuccessful narrative gambitos. I was blamed Kubrick Screenwriters. Writer Diane Johnson (author of Le Marriage, L'Affaire, Le Divorce, etc.). He has a reputation as a novelist of social manners. Maybe she was chosen because of her subtle understanding of marital relationships or family dynamics. But the little Blue Collar Sidevinder, Colorado does not exist on any map in its francophile universe. Kubrick Anglophile probably found her closeness. He is, of course, the author. Considered on his own merits, his "Great" scenario - with his confusion of abnormal psychology, rationalism, supernaturality and implicit reincarnation - simply does not stand for logical analysis. I am ready to consider Kubrick's "Glossy" under his terms. I'm even willing to take it as something other than a conventional horror movie. But it does not succeed even as a naturalistic study of isolation, alienation, and madness. In one direction or another, the film is quite decaying. Are the horrors of the Overlook hotel real? Or there are only in the mind - first as the predictable nightmares that Danny Torrance suffered, then as his father's hallucinations? It is noticed that whenever Jack Torrance sees in a conversation with a "ghost" he actually looks into the mirror. It is noted that the frozen labyrinth in the hotel's poultry line symbolizes Jack's backward, tangled psyche. Very deep things. But if the Overlook's "ghosts" are pure manifestations of the growing craziness of Jack Torrance, then who exactly does a trapped Jack out of the corridor in the hotel's kitchen, so that he can continue with his agitated battle with the ax? Anyone can explain, with the right face, a black-and-white photo (usefully labeled as "1921") by Nicholson as a tuition party. -Doesn't it appear on the left field and on the wall of the hotel-balloon during the closing of the film? Do we have to seriously conclude that the poor foolishness of Jack Torrance arose from some sort of "past life" experience? (And if you swallow it, since the reincarnated people were supposed to be the exact physical replicas of their past beings?) Maybe Kubrik did not care about his story. Maybe he just wanted to show you the mood of horror. In any case, the film is trying to protect its narrative bets - having it both rationally and supernaturally. As a result, the story is a mess. This film has not improved over the years, and certainly does not improve with repeated views. I do not deny that a few moments of fear, claustrophobia and general wrath have been dispersed during this long time. , a long movie. But those who wander through the Blood, seen repeatedly in Daniel's small visions, are absurd and ridiculous. And the infamous lines of Jack Torrance's label ("Wendy, I'm at Home!" And "Heeeeer's JOHNY!") Just break through the dramatic tension of the film and scatter its narrative energy. (I know: I sat in the theater and listened to the audience laughing in the comic relief: "Uh, I'm glad we do not have to seriously grasp these things!") Finally, Kubrik is completely at sea - or completely cynical - during those scenes in which Wendy walks in an empty hotel while her husband tries to wash their son. In the foyer of full mummified guests, they all sat dead in their hats? I'm afraid, I'm really scared right now. Given the glamor of Jack Nicholson over the years, one can only assume that he only gave that kind of rolling of the eyeballs, eyebrows, scenography-chomping performance that the director has achieved. I wanted to. Appearance of Shelley Duvall, like some kind of female version of Don Knotts in The Ghost and Mr Chicken, is best kept silent. This movie simply fails - as an adaptation, not on its own terms. Probably deserves 3 out of 10, but I give him 1 because so GROTESKUELI is overestimated on this forum.
