I am a great fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his Giallo and splatter flicks are among my favorites all the time, but it's made for a TV movie is extremely subtlety, not what I came to expect from a great Italian director. The film is not even interesting, as one of Fulci's fervent Giales, or bloody like most of his cult classics; leaving it missing in both main areas, and ultimately ensuring that the film is not very good. The film works with a plot that has been used many times before, but it is still an idea that always has the chance to come up with an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, which is completely unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not very fond of him and since he dies of obvious bleeding in his stomach, there are not many people who are sad to see him. This means that his spirit is captured somewhere between life and life, and decides to try to reach the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. The video that I saw this film about pride was declared to be a "movie in the style of HP Lovecraft", and that this is one of the sharpest attempts to sell the movie I've ever seen. Nothing reminds you of the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan seems to be that due to the similarity of the title with the movie Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft, 'From Beiond' - which is much better. The film benefits from a very Italian style, and the result is pretty good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci felt that it was necessary to positively burn every scene in it - so the topic quickly became irritating. The action takes place in a really boring way, and most of the scenes simply involve the spirit "desperate" trying to find things, or the daughter raises her doubts on members of her family. This film was made for Italian television, so it's not surprising that all this is pretty loud. There is a bit worse and the sequence of nightmares with zombies; but these are not Fulci that we all know and love. All in all, this film is extremely central and is not a good display of Fulci's talents. It's not worth bothering, unless you're a Fulci complete.
