Grand Central Murder (1942) Dir: S. Silvan Simon Production: MGM This central 'B' mystery was one of only five films released in 1942, and Simon as a director. He could surely have installed another red Skelton movie or two on his schedule! After all, Grand Central Murder is a shameless seizure of Thin Man movies minus humor, charm and chemistry traces. We are treated on paper, which barely supports 73 minutes, bad acting and tired jokes. Van Heflin and Virginia Grays play Nick and Nora Charper, Rockie and Butch Custer. He's a detective and she's his wife and partner. They interact with each other in a "funny" joke. You see? It's already completely different. Heflin is the only one here that suggests bigger and better things, although it's really close to being a jerk in this. Virginia Gray was in another skinny man, but again, let me emphasize, THIS FILM NISK NEXT NO, sir. And in case we begin to think that this film is absolutely nothing like another movie (say, THIN MANU) we actually love, Sam Levene appears as a major detective who is kind of mutant and Van Heflin must subtly subordinate him to all important traces . Hmmm. Quickly, "Murder" is the one of the whore of the Mide King scheme, which likes to trade rich people until it finds even the richest. It is played by Patricia Dane, who is like the C-version of Hedi Lamarr, until he opens his mouth and turns into F. There's a whole lot of wacky suspects, all with their motivation to want Midu to die. There is a type of society, heavy ladies who speak, a silder, a former lover and a snow theater impression (Tom Convai, here burdened with the incredible name 'Frankie Ciro'). Roman Bohnen plays a nervous, nervous guy, something I believe he worked on earlier. Millard Mitchell plays an idiotic policeman who can not stop thinking about a piece of ass waiting for him until this case is over (in the meantime, Millard Mitchell, the swordsman). Finally, in a completely new way of telling, something we have never seen before, all the suspects gather in one place where they tell their stories (as flashback) to the detective, while Rocki takes mental notes, until finally the trick is forced to dramatically tell the confession . In the picture itself, as if it was stupid, I naively thought there should be a couple of snapshots of the location from the current Grand 1942's Central, but no, no. There is only one very short shot at the beginning. Thank you, Grand Central Murder. So, to summarize, a bit important, but Heflin was fine. <br /> * ½ of 4
