Now I am a fan of B film genre, but this piece of garbage insults me. First, the movie stars Lizzi McGuire's brother as a boring little kid who is looking for his lost dog with three legs. Now, please, what kind of nonsense is the dog battering for the damn mutated crocodile asking me to ask you? And another thing to think about, why show that Dinocroc is huge and actually in the water at the back of the movie box? I believe that if the memory serves the thing, it spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was only shy of 6 feet, which was a heart switch. But the redemption of quality for this movie was that it was so bad that I almost died of laughter, because I believe that bad behavior made me want to die. But the fact remains that this thing was once again made by another military training ground for training super crocodiles for military combat or something similar to the source of evil E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget that the characters see that we were tugging # 1 as a pencil and half-way decent fish (who does not know how to behave) just like a woman leads to saying VOV! The only thing worse then the act was the end, of course, the heroes spend what looks like 2 hours of talking and planning a long lasting way of killing dinosaurs just to miss him and kill him in the usual way that he could take 15 seconds to figure out. All in all, this film was out of gay with random opera music in the background and the fact that it is probably the most entertaining of all the CGI monsters ever made along with the fact that it was of course impenetrable for bullets and bullets (otherwise it would not be for a military DUH!) . By far the best scene was when Brother Lizzie McGuire ran into a hut and dinocro ate him so that his head pop-off was a pure noise that I could add. I believe it would be better to shoot between your eyes and watch Dinocroc. As far as the director is concerned, I believe that we should invite a crowd of people to hang him in a loop and that they are all hunted in the groin because of the loss of their lives and our lives until they finally die, and then I can continue living.
