"Plan B" is strictly in number, except for one thing. I found it surprisingly surprising that it was pretty insulting. Jon Crier is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, scary, egoistic, intricate character that was actually dear to "Pretty In Pink" and has. Since then, I was not funny. The solution does not even begin to describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde, actor who fights and who (sighs!) Is just concerned about his hair and lying. Talk about the nature of the stock ... uh. At least the other three characters are somewhat appealing. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a grounded, optimistic, caring couple struggling to start. Since they are not daring queens, they are obviously boring and do not have enough time on the screen. Sara Mornell completes acting by playing Gina, her usual handsome and handsome young woman who just can not find the right partner in love. I have seen this figure a million times before, but at least its performance has overcome some of the disadvantages caused by the predictability of its situation. What shocked me in this film was his promotion of stereotypes about minors. They introduced a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking and ridiculing the way in which he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant and stunningly shallow. They just warmed up because of the usual nonsense about homosexuals. Gina decides to be gay for a while, because she is not lucky with the guys. Sincerely. It was not that bad, except that they really went to the sea when Gina brought the lesbian to the Christmas party her friends cast. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians work). She was also quite upset (as I'm sure all the lesbians do) when Gina had the courage to put lipstick (!). Finally, her date moves around the fun of every woman and she gets up when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know that gay people can not stay faithful for a few hours, much less months or even years, right? (Note the sarcasm in this statement. Thank you.) This film was based on a tired and predictable premise to begin with, but Crier's incredible performance in combination with idiotic stereotypes is pervading this film at a lower depth of the cinema. 2/10
