Imagine that when introducing James Bond's novel into the film, filmmakers eliminated all action and uncertainty in order to make it pleasant for children. Or, if the television producer told Chris Rock he could not swear, so his specialty could be rated PG. In the same way, the director of the movie "Something evil in this way comes" brought excitement and hope for the melodrama for the younger audience. This created a monotone action without complications of the book. In an effort to tell children about "Something Wicked This Coming" it will be easier to follow, the filmmakers have eliminated the theme of good and evil that exist in everyone, and good always prevail over evil. This is evident in Vill's character transformation, rescuing Jim from Charles Halloween and defeating carnival. The villa's transformation into an adventurous boy is dimmed in the film. The scene in which Dust Vitch visited Villa's house in a balloon was cut out of the film. Instead, the green mist follows Jim and Vill home and gives them the same bad dream about the Witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Vill started to get his fear of doing things himself. Comes to the top of the neighbor's roof and breaks the balloon, defeating the Witch. "I'm sorry, Dad, he thought, and he sat down, smiling. This time I'm alone," Vill decided as he prepared to face her (147). Removing this scene from the film prevents us from understanding that Vill becomes more and more adventuresome. The film shows us many examples that Vill is afraid to follow Jim, but never becomes curious as his friend. In the book, Vill also has a good, quiet side and "evil", a shady side like his Jim. In the film, every boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme of good and evil in every person. In the book, Vill will save Jim for their friendship, but, in the film, Charles Hallovai saves Jim to return Jim's father. Vill will draw Jim from the crocodile in Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. It's good at Vill, the fact that he cares for his friend, who saves Jim from the evil curse of carnival. On the carousel, Jim "showed himself with the other hand free to move in the wind, the part of him, a small, white, separated part that still remembers their friendship" (269). , which has the potential to continue to win the evil. But when Charles Halovey saves Jim in the movie, he does it to pay back the debt owed to Jim's father, who saved Will while he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to rescue Jim, the filmmakers destroyed Bradburi's original idea that it is good to win the evil. At the end of the film carnival is defeated by tornadoes and lightning instead of smile and laughter. When the book finishes, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy, and Charles Hallovai laughs and laughs so much that he can not stand and evaporate. In Bradburi's world, evil people feed themselves with fear and can be defeated only with happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevails over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed from the outside. "Good evil looks evil," says Charles Halovey while holding the dying Mr. Mrak. "So I'll only do good to you, Jade. I'll just keep it and watch you ruin" (275). In the film, Mr. Mrak is the only one who remained in the gym when he was hit by lightning, and he dies. By removing laughter and smashing weapons, filmmakers suggest that bad weather is the most effective way to win the evil, as if the lightning affects only those who are bad. This takes away the main theme of Bradbury's book, which is to protect "good" against others from evil. Good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make movies more enjoyable for a child will always be compulsory. filmmakers to exclude some of the themes from the books on which they are based. In the film, "Something evil comes like this," Will is not transformed, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not win a carnival. As a result, the film's authors have left out Bradburi's main things. The process of adapting the book to a movie is often destroyed by the author's world. In the case of this story, Bradbury's terrifying world of opposing forces of good and evil is reduced to a more swift, simpler version of himself.
