Before I start, you need to know that I am a great fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series of his master Mas Oiama's life was incredible and among the best martial arts ever made, as did most of his Street Fighter films. The action was practically continuous and, with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you are asking), he was the greatest practitioner of martial arts in the film during the 1970s. Since they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought something more (what I'm watching). Unfortunately, despite the love of these films, I am NOT an um-numbed zombie who adores a man to such a degree that I evaluate ANY film and 10. The IMDb has a few reviews like this here and I really think that anyone who gave the film should be ignored because this is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and is not even close to Chiba's best work. The score of 10 is not the right rating - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not about this movie! As I said, the technical film is horrible. Some of this was the result of my viewing on the American version, with irrelevant prologue and poor dubbing. However, most of the problems would still exist with the original Japanese print. Working on the camera is simply cruel - just like chimpanzees (smart chimps, but still chimpanzees). Often, a large part of the action of quick martial arts is missed because the camera is so slow or the heads of the actors are cut off due to poor performance. And, again and again, the camera retracts and comes out as if it's a new toy used by an idiot, and editing is far from horrible - with cuts that are random and confusing. No I do not know if the music party is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. Some kind of sour stone from 1970 did not fit well with Ennio Morricone's "Spaghetti Western" music - it was boring, confusing and simply stupid. choreography would improve things a bit. Instead of the big fighting scenes in which to rejoice in the Chiba film, the fights are too short and often miss the camera !! So, what's left is a story ... and this can be the worst part of the movie! It should be a movie against drugs in which Sonny Chiba plays Sonny Chiba! And when the film starts, it promises to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But the mafia (complete with no Italian-looking member, but who are ALL Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And, when a lady comes to Chib with promises to give him information on how to destroy drug trafficking, he agrees to help her and risk her life without any conditions - although NEVER is open to telling him what she knows! In fact, it turned out later that she was only trying to use Chib to protect her while she herself sells a large briefcase full of cocaine - and continues to try to protect her! It does not make sense at all and during most of the film it seems like they just shot a movie without scripts - as if they entered the bars and brothels, and Chiba walked around like he was drunk. > So, if it's bad, why still deserves 3? First, there are many terrible movies about marital arts (like many in Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with guys dressed in kung fu gorillas and their guides with 3 meter long languages ​​for which they used fights ( now it's bad). Secondly, while the action is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba movies, compared to its contemporaries, it's not so bad. Still, you could easily do much better than this horrible little movie. By the way, if you are wondering if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it certainly is not! In one of his first films, THE INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MUCH, Chiba plays a super-hero who wears hooligans struggling with the invaders with shaggy heads from the planet Neptune. It's so bad to oppose PLAN 9 FROM THE EXTERNAL SPACE and SAVE HITLER'S MOZAK for horror. End Message to Parents - Like most Sonny Chiba movies, this is very violent and has its share of boobies. DO NOT allow small children to watch this no matter how much they say! Make them wait until they're older before allowing them to watch miserable martial arts movies.
