The best thing to say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie gives you a lot of things. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba poses; Chiba sneers; Chiba looked at the camera; Chiba struck and kicked out a live sushi from a crowd of bad guys; The chiba sits on the couches and chairs and looks thoughtful / thoughtful; Chiba drives his car ... I enjoy Chiba as an actor and a martial artist ... but even for fans of Chibe, this movie may have too many Sonic Chiba. This is obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero and shares the camera with intriguing acting friends and enemies. Here, he is ahead and center almost all the time, and he's trying to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one. Toshiro Mifune and Chov Iun Fat could not do this for the entire feature film, and Sonny somehow presented his welcome. At least it could change from time to time from the suit. The film additionally messed up a completely flawless and poorly performed introductory series (apparently attached to the front of the American version of the movie) and a sneaky mood "(" Viva! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !!) which launches things on the wrong leg. There are some stunning amateur and unsuitable synchronization - Sonny (or his usual English stand-in) apparently could not endeavor to do vocals for the American version, so they got a bad drug with a completely different and smooth voice and the dialect is quite disturbing to come from the face we all know and love from "Street Fighter". Even with all these drawbacks and excessive exposure, this could be a little classic, but the camera works and the fighting scenes are hopeless sirens. I'm willing to believe that Karate really works if someone as incredible as Chibin's character should do it, but the director and cameraman have protected their bets from cutting and editing combat scenes, so you really can not see what's most of the time. Not everything is bad: there are some decent recordings and compositions, and there is at least one memorable and nighttime moment when bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a truly inventive way. As for the actual action ... forget. For "bodyguard," Chibin's character is an idiot. The scenario is dependent on his mistakes and failures that put him back (and his "client") into dangerous situations, so that he can get out of them, and after 30 minutes, he burdens even the most verdict that he thinks this type should It would be fine. (Likewise, if his character really destroyed Japanese drug trafficking, he would take his client to the neck for 10 minutes in the script and shake as her teeth were not chattering like a castration until she spilled out her little secrets ... and a lot of meaningless death and conflict It would have escaped.) However, in general this film is far from the bottom of the gun. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to watch. I paid the dollar to download this from a DVD on the local mega March, and I feel it worth watching once.
