It's easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and it says something. By the title you hear the vibe Chiba, viva Chiba, you will soon be fooling stupid, stupid. The main story is that the mafia leads drugs to Japan, and one man stops them, of course it's our man, Sonny Chiba. The master of karate offers its services to anyone who can provide information about the master of the drug. A woman comes forward and he becomes a bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Let me tell you who cares? Soon we are being treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographed battles and a lame story that gets more and more funny at any moment. Sonny eventually erases bad guys with their karate skills, the end of the story. Oh yes, and the woman was corrupt. Congratulations on the fact that you may have just watched the most funny movie ever. As already mentioned, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes it half-visible is to see how a movie can be badly done. Some have already mentioned the notorious American introduction to the film. It's probably the funniest part of the movie and he's out of laughter. I agree that it's worth watching just to see how many karate scenes of the 70's were at that time. Watch how Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging behind his nuts, then stabbing a fat student (bad editing) that hits him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Terrible incredible fighting, fake, I mean false blood, bad acting, duplication, wardrobe and do not forget the story. One man to take the whole drug problem in the country? I bet. The fight after the fight is ridiculous. It was in the seventies when people continued to believe that karate was effective in fighting, but Chiba brought him to new levels with some nonsense appearing in this movie. Let's see that he hits a pistol in half, strikes a guy so hard that his dentures turn out and, of course, splitting the bottle scene, leave me alone. Not to mention the fact that it's very difficult to say what is going on in combat because it's so badly recorded. One part that was fun was when he broke the boys with his hand through the door and gave him a complex break. OK. As the action unfolds, we are treated with blood, really false blood. It was said too much that it was badly done and that it was underestimated. The acting is completely non-existent in this film. I do not expect much from the movie of this caliber until action is good, but not as expected, synchronization is extremely bad. Was it my imagination or did they call the Asian dancer go black? As you expected from the wardrobe of the '70s, you will be in the seams to laugh at some of the trends and unpleasant women who offered the free nudity that comes with these shifts. Also, why would the mafia be so obvious and where are all the black coats and hats all the time? Do not try to hide it now. And the characters were stupid. The owner of a sydney club, one of which is decorated with a Japanese pajama suit, and another with a taste for heads, looks like a thick hippie. Also, the last thing that bothered me during the film was horrible music with some whaling woman. It was very boring. All in all, this is a terrible film and according to the standards of martial arts and good filming. That does not mean it's not fun. With such a bad movie, it's hard not to laugh at most of this movie, if you can stack it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it was completely wrong, I would give one star, but the laughter that she brings bumps him up. 4 out of 10.
