Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon film consisting of a 2 15-minute episode shown on Comedy Central. It is held in the fictional, drawn Washington DC, and centers around the satirical, childish portraits of George V. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dicka Cheineia. Other politicians are also satirical, and act as smaller characters. The pilot of Little Bush, as expected by this commentator, proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production, which barely brings his promised promise: a satirical view of the current presidential administration. Although it has to be acknowledged that the premise of the performance has some merit, although it would be difficult to imagine a show that would almost certainly be completely condemned to humiliate a political personality, it would survive to continue producing episodes after the end of his term, the execution at best can only describe as messy, and in the worst case scenario horrible, he ruined the little potential he had. Lil Bush, who can be technically classified as "satire", tends to ignore his actual use of a particular comedy tool in order to show his goals extremely vulgar (but not particularly original, fun or fun) ways . The former bad writing often consists of more than shooting Bush / Cheney jokes that are heard elsewhere and suddenly put them in one block of 30 minutes of television. As such, most of the jokes written by the authors were shameless clichés, some of which have been in public optics for more than six years. A comparison of the Vice President with Dart Vader, for example, may have been ridiculous in the first 300 times when you heard him on Daili Shov / Colbert's report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / any late-night talk-shovu. Still, it's not funny here. As if this was not enough, the complicated shows seemed to exist only as a means of promoting the same old, tedious Bush joke that writers made the center of the program. In the defense of the show, when writers dare to write in a true original joke (which is a rarity), she is often a bit witty. If the show partly widened its depth and put its characters in new situations, exotic situations, and not the same old mistakes and "failures" extended by the Bush administration, therefore, it does not have to rely on the same old Bush jokes and again, the show can be considered somewhat tolerable, and perhaps even innovative. In the end, it's hard to determine which shortcomings cause the greatest damage to the Lil Bush series; its clear lack of originality and poor quality of writing, or its painfully narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Buch will be able to maintain a small base of left-wing fans, or is it able to withstand extremely bad writing; as long as the program continues to thoroughly mock the Bush administration. Nevertheless, most viewers will soon recognize a program for what it really is, a weak and meaningless vulgar attempt to satiate, and adjusts in search of something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, maybe.
