Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. How important is how much I am trying to convince, I can not believe that anyone in this world could consider it entertaining for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, special effects are absolutely funny. These carnosaurs are really funny. The scientist tells soldiers to move incredibly fast, but when you see them run, he runs at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit who is trying to run as far as he can. Explosions are ridiculous (there is no other word to describe). At first, the bullet hits the jeep after the guys say, "What was that?" ... and other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst thing is the scenario and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone who rents this movie does not expect a good movie), but at least the story must try to come up with. I mean, how hard it is to make a story about dinosaurs that kill people at least coherently. It's incredibly difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make convincing commandos as your characters, tell it to the writers of this terrible, horrible piece of shit. I mean, what kind of a sick person would make cheap jokes after one of his friends was dead? And they do a lot. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs that kill soldiers, it can be at least full of action, wake up !!! This film is incredibly boring. The Karnosaurs (who have already invented this poor name?) Attack (in boring action sequences where you do not see much). Soldiers are thinking of how to beat them (in incredibly funny scenes where they try to be serious, but they can not kill a second). So, they attack carnosaurs, but their idea does not work (another funny action). Let's go back to planning (with a few miserable jokes) in some other funny scene. And this continues, and further, and further. And do not forget the acting that is so convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh OK, this film just sits from A to Z. <br /> <br />
