OK I had more hope for this Carnosaur film simply because it seemed to me that the sequels were getting better as they were coming out. Like Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this newer so it must be better right? Well ... I quickly found out I was wrong. I was very confused with casting. They returned Rick Dean for another character, and Michael MacDonald as a policeman. Now for Rick dean lol, at Carnosaurus 2, I thought he had quite fit into the role and was not really angry with him, now he was placed in Carnosaur 3 as an elite soldier. Now we're stupid. The film actually started quite well with a decent fight of pistols and dinoses that escaped from small freezer trucks, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs. First I will begin with the raptors, they had tails there to drag the earth, which was in the air in the other, which looked more like a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they fled, they were moving back and forth and their heads did not move at all. The hands were floppy everywhere, and because the directors were extremely bad, they seemed stupid and unreasonable. T-rik was extremely pathetic, it would be better for them to use one of the previous 2 films. At least it looked a bit scary. The one in this movie looked like he was constantly smiling. The legs when they walked were hilarious, as if it were John Vaine in the old West, all the stiff legs and things. LOL Another thing I noticed is that my hands did not move, they were stuck by the body so it sounded and sounded (the sound of the sounds were terrible) retarded !!! Now, if I were the director and realized that I had to work with him, maybe I might try to hide the fact of falsehood a little harder. As far as the rest of the film is concerned, it was the smallest and loudest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would make no sense to the scenario. They even had a fighting scene in the warehouse in which carnosauri wandered, and now I was tickling on this scene, because I thought that while that stupidity would happen, Dinos would come there and cause damage. Instead, the director spent about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to see this movie as three puppets of dinosaur films. You have slowed down the military, retarded dinosaurs, the retarded scenario and have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend the day watching this. Now I'm not saying I would not watch this, actually. recommend everyone to see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. Maybe it seems like I'm playing, but I really did bring this film to what it is. It's really fun to watch, because while you're watching this, think about yourself, "did the director really do it seriously?"
