OK - the first conservatives: mandatory alligator '70' (fixed, correction - kaiman) with fixed limbs worsens for miniature underwater images (full length of the reptile in relation to the size of the boat) using a toy alligator to roam around the toy boat in widely illuminated water - even for night shots! Unlike most of the primitive films of the killer-exploiters-westerners, superstitious natives go to the bat **** and begin to massacre tourists this time unjustly. Nobody really abused the natives - exploited, yes, but away from abuse. After all, it was one of the indigenous people (canoodling with a spoiled supermodel during the full moon) that brought the curse of the Demonic River on them, did not it? Tourists are easily boring (with noticeable ones) except for the old soul's symbol / mild blasphemy-small-girl-which-takes-glitter-to-hero you often see in Eurofliks in the '70s), but far from deserving violent deaths - unless they're your next door neighbor, be careful. The couple actually kills because it is heroic - notable in that none of them fulfill the role of assistant. In the whole film, there are only two straight villains, so demics feel more arbitrary than cathartic. The order where the giant kimonos collapses and strikes thirty tourists in less than five minutes will probably strike you as unintentional. Hilarious. The point where residents decide not to wipe out survivors of the West and practically say "hey, you're not that bad anyway, I'm sorry about that crowd last night" - because they exploded the monster lizard - did you shake your head while music is soured. You know, the local military dictatorship will erase the village due to the **** tourist exchange after the loans are circled ... \ t br >> Pros: Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. You ALL know why you are interested in this movie, right? I thought so. If you are a Bach Completist, DVDs will be re-released by NoShame movies at the beginning of this year (digital remastered without the right add-ons to talk about, except for the director who complains about the current state of international distribution of the movie). The hero is not half bad, far from idiots (always plus in B movies), and a cynical little child provides the bulk of the comic relief. It's worth a look, but get it inexpensively!
