I really do not see the actual excess of these films. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no sleeplessness or free nudity (although there were many opportunities). No worse. There is no tension in the first hour of the film, as there are many ways for tourists to gather with fun and natives who play funky tribal music. That last part was ridiculous on several occasions: you see these natives hit the cones and 'jembes' and this is really what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass-line to the soundtrack. Well, where was the bass player? At one time the natives are angry and begin to kill tourists. Why suddenly? It should be because the evil white people build this tourist complex, which according to their myth was awakened by the anger of the god-alligator (I actually missed the explanation for that). But the inhabitants of the village helped several months to build a tourist complex, so why sudden surprise? And how the hell did they push the helicopter into the water? It's all stupid and meaningless. This film also contains the thinnest Afro-American model I've ever seen. At some point our heroic leading couple visits this cave in which a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point on this scene is that they "shockingly" discover that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, made of plastic and eating people. No matter what. Aligator is a rather stupid creation. It is very stiff and immobile and does not cover the foot when swimming. Eyes do not even move when they are shot nearby. I suppose they did not know 'animatronics' then in Italy in 1979. There are also many meaningless inter-cut recordings of the local game. I suppose it's a recording. As I said, the first hour was pretty sloppy and the only reason I did not turn off the movie was because my cat was sleeping in my lap and I did not want to wake the sweet thing. But the last half hour of the movie was better. Finally, we see an action when an alligator swims through hordes of panic people who break his teeth and chew them. The funniest (and fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van across the bridge and he collapses. We look at a box of matches-a van that falls into the river. Funny. But nice shot. In fact, there are several more nice mobile cameras. Amazing for this kind of movement. I wanted to point out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to completely spoil it, in case you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent movie from the alligator, then look at the alligator Levis Teague. I admit, it's not Italian and it's not JAVS cleavage, but it's certainly more fun. And if you're interested in other films by director Sergio Martine, then I strongly recommend a very funny 2019: AFTER THE NEW YORK. The one who overcame it with all possible existing post-apocalyptic film about the future. "Italians" and "rip-off", two things that go well together.
