What I find in this film (unfortunately) in the head is an introduction in which John Berlin (Andi Garcia) drives into the city. You see, his Mercedes walks on a winding path through a forest that looks like it was loaded with Redwood tree. It's pretty pretty. As for Andrew Garcia playing the character with the surname Berlin, well ... Andi is too Hispanic / Latin to be passable. Could a Caucasian father marry his Spanish mother for this story? Who knows. But I can tell you that when you place it in a city of peasants and peasants, it stands out like a painful thumb, especially with its emphasis that flashes when it gets angry. Yes, I know, big deal? He's still a good actor. The title refers to a serial killer who nicknames her victims Jennifer. All the victims are blind and he destroys them. The killer took a break, but suddenly appeared when a blind witness appeared (do not ask), Helena Robertson (Uma Thurman). Thurman works well for the blind person, to my surprise. When I saw Lance Henriksen playing Sgt. Freddy Ross I was worried. Henriksen has been playing in some pretty strange films, especially lately. I still can not forget it in the movie about bloodshed, Pumpkinhead. Berlin films in a small town by L.A. as a detective. He begins to investigate the murders of Jennifer after finding the body parts in a local landfill. His splendor in discovering that one of the victims of the blind seemed to be strained. The likelihood of murder * SPOILER * Freddie was also done, with recording and naming similarities. I was very confused in the logic of the eight "Jennifer". And the motive of a killer who was simply disturbed did not have much impact. Looking back, this film is more credible in showing an unexpected individual who is capable of killing just because in time they become a little bad or maybe they were born as crazy stuff. in his examination of Garcia! Although no policeman would be allowed to press someone so hard and an egg would not correct him. As for the ending, it is a little surprise, but it is very controversial, similar to Sgt. Ross's murder. The killer chooses to walk for his victim, instead of retiring. And there are so many opportunities to kill her that it's ridiculous. I will not ruin the end because, in spite of his climax, this is a good surprise. After that, you'll probably say, like me, "the boy was happy!" 4/10
