*** Possible attachments for pitches *** I love Dennis Hopper. I wonder why he accepted the role of a police detective at The Spreading Ground in 2000. This movie is bullshit and I'm just going to tell you why. This is about a small city that will get a contract for a sports arena. One problem: the killer is at large and it's bad for the job. The mayor agrees with the Irish mafia to find the killer and ensures that he never comes to court. Det. Ed Delongpre has other plans. And he wants to catch him, but he's on the level and believes in the system. He wants to see that the system is doing its job. It could have been pretty good. It could have been riveting. It was scary. First, mark this type as a serial killer. Err no. There are special criteria and none of this is appropriate. The bad guy killed five children the first day, and I think it was the second day. All this film extends over a period of 48 hours .... It's hardly a serial killer. I do not care what my distorted motives are in the end, serial killers are doing their work for a long time. They did not suddenly kill seven children in two days. It's Spree. Ok, it's an irritating side, the acting was terrible. The only name here was Hopper, and he was the only one who came even close to pulling his part. Unfortunately, he is kind of typified, and I think he works psychologically, much, much better. This was not a good vehicle for Hopper. He did not allow him to do what works best, which is to behave all creepy. It's not that he did a bad job, but I saw him much better. Irish mobster, Johnny Gault (Tom McKamus - a long day in the night), who is in charge of their investigation is stiff. Contradiction? Not really. He tries to play a cold, hard guy and it works to the point that the character is just wooden. Bending to max. He did not scare me. He did not inspire any emotion at all except boredom. I can not tell you how many times I checked to see how long it was until the end of this movie. Another thing about it is that she had a feeling for a movie that was made for TV. . You know what I mean. Poor production values, low budget, reuse of scenes to save costs. Just eh. Ianno? But, I think this is a comparison with this insult to them. Derek Vanlint was both director and cameraman on this project. He dug more than he could chew. I can not feel that Hopper took this role as a personal favor friend. It's the only rational thing I can think of. It was Vanlint's first job as director, third as a cameraman. I hope this was a learning experience for him. I will not ruin the end in case you decide to bother with this, but I want to say that everyone here threw the ball. ... more Hopper. In a scene that was supposed to be emotionally distorted for a detective, it was just ... good .. blah. I did not see any angst at all who would follow the total change in the speed this guy made. Very disappointing. These 100 hard minutes of long and ranked for violence and language. No child under the age of 13 will have any interest in watching this, so there is no worry. It's not suitable for anybody anyway. heh. Skip this. You'll thank me later.
