The film had a good concept, but execution simply did not happen. What is the concept? Well, the story is "Dirty Harry" met "M". The killer of children began to terrorize the city. The main detectives (Dennis Hopper and Frederic Forest) had never dealt with a serial killer before. The mayor and chief of police, in desperation, secretly hire a local mafia to speed things up ... to go to places and do things that the police could not end this mess as soon as possible To be honest, this The movie really has some good things to offer. Besides the concept, I liked the look of the killer. Norman Bates has his cellar. This guy has a creepy sewer. In some shots, light reflects from water and creates rippling reflections on the walls; Often, these scenes are creepy, they create quality. The act was also good. Dennis Hopper is one of those actors who are getting better with age. Once you pass it, however, more or less goes downhill. The film is too fast. The very process of investigation from both teams feels very urgent, unlike the feeling of intolerance and fascination. This could have been determined in two ways: either extending the film or cutting off some of the many backdrops. Any of these would allow the crew to dedicate more time to the real mystery. For example, how bad this is, one of the crucial indications that help them stop the real suspects is this: at one point in his life, the suspect went to the pet store ... That's right. I'm totally serious here. As if they went from point A (first track) to point Z (suspects) and skipped all "between" steps. Then there are the characters. The only ones I actually liked are two pockets that meet halfway through the movie. Given that they are smaller characters, I would call it a bad sign. Finally, there is also an angle of the mob. This is what affects me the most, because this is why I coughed $ 3 to buy DVDs in the first place. I mean, what a hook! In the last 10-15 years there has been absolute saturation of serial killers. The angle of the mafia was a trick that could help her to rise above the others ... but he did not do it. ; somehow like a vendor movie or something ... you might even throw some elements of a movie about robbery. We still talk about criminals. Instead, we got some of the most irreverent protagonists devoted to celluloid. Detectives are questioning witnesses. What does the mafia do? They're testing and killing. Even these witnesses are not so bad. Actually, I found criminals less sympathetic than the killer they love. Unless there are good points that I mentioned enough to interest you, I would say that this has been missed. Maybe one day they will use the same story again and do it RIGHT. I hope. I hate to see such a good concept.
