Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best underrated American actors of our time and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a policeman in the case of a serial killer of children. Most Hopper movies have always played a psychotic threat that threatens to blow things up or kill, but in this film, Hopper tried to maintain that intensity and emotions while wearing a shield. When I entered the plot of the film, I was hooked, but these are just small things that ultimately killed the movie. The film concept is excellent - not only are the cops on the move to catch the killer, but we have the opportunity to see how the gangsters are working to capture the killer. The underground part of the football stadium is a bit ridiculous, but it is necessary to engage the gangsters in hunting killers. It's all you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act like a tough, experienced street smart cop, I can not help but feel that his acting is below the vapor and there was not enough conviction that he was really tied to the case. The director was also terrible - she did not have the feeling of a real movie, but the production of a TV movie. This is most obvious when gangsters meet for the first time to set up an elite team to kill the killer. When a leading gangster fired into the gangster in his mouth in a slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and awfully impenetrable. Then I knew that the first action would be terrible. Cam shot was amateur, and the scenes that were remembered or the pictures of the younger sister's killers had no real effect. . It should have been terrible, it was not. Everyone acted terribly, and even for Hopper, I did not feel his character, and I simply did not care much about his relationship with his daughter. The last thing that bothered me most is the wedding team. When I saw my wedding team once, I thought, finally, something good. But I made a mistake. First, the entire wedding team consisted of 4 guys. It's simply impossible. Secondly, it's obvious that the team does not have any training because they wear a HKA4 automatic rifle many times in the movie. If the killer was hiding near the stairs with the shotgun, these four idiots would be blown to pieces because they did not even target anything or pay attention. They should have both hands on the pistol in the forward direction, but it seems that they do not take the job seriously and just wiggle around. Third, members of the SVAT team do not shout on commands such as: "Keep your eyes open, watch for yourself, whether we are good to go ... etc." In reality, they use hand signals or have radio. But they literally shout at each other - how should you catch the killer when he heard you are coming? And to finish it all, these guys do not have a plan - they obviously just ran up and down and hunted wild turkeys. In the end, they do nothing. It was the last straw. I'm not an expert in special forces, but basically what I just said is a fairly common sense. When the audience knows that the movie is horrible, the action becomes a savior of the movie to a large extent - when you can not even try to make the action great, the film is lost. I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be attributed. If you want to watch a criminal thriller, do not be bothered with this. There's a lot of crime in the movie - but there's a lack of excitement.
