Antitrust belongs to this category of films that tend to make some great points while they are raised, but it is completely straightforward. I do not hate the movie, but there are missing key elements, such as uncertainty. There were other attempts to make an interesting movie about computers, such as Hackers and the Network. They are all short. It seems that the incredible ending and Net and Antirust are almost identical. These movie endings suffer from one big mistake in perception: People in a PC business that have this overly compliant self ego that assumes that the general population lives their lives waiting to hear the latest news about computers and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and it seems that everyone is suffering from a broader view of their own importance, as is this film. The way they introduced the actions were pathetic. He showed Milo, who is allergic to sesame seeds, almost ate one of the bread in the restaurant crossing the line of nonsense. Only his "girl" prevented him from safe death. That's why the man wondered how Milo could survive as much as he did, by grabbing the dangers of Big Mac pastry and soybean seeds, as they hide, so ... Seeds and Big Mac cakes. Antitrust also does not provide much uncertainty. Templates and predictable intricate plots are easily discovered long before they are discovered (come on, was anyone really stunned when Jee Tso was killed?), Thereby destroying any real value of shock. And again, we have another film / story in which, in the end, bad guys are chasing good guys to "get to the disc". We have to have a moratorium on this Simple Simone line for about 20 years. Still, I pressed. Perhaps the end would be a payoff, but no. The completely funny end to which we have the company's security chief, another alleged criminal, turns around and be a good guy who allows Milou to demolish the chief executive of N.U.R.V. Garry Winston was funny. And of course, the news of the arrest of Garry Vinston is even more terrible than when Hinckley or Oswald was detained. Gary Winston, starring Tim Robbins, was cut out of the same character that Robbins played on Arlington Road. But this fits perfectly into Antitrust, which should be called "Anti-Climate" or "Anti-Original". In the coming years, this movie will probably be expelled, to be shown only on your local market. third UHF channel.
