When I sat down to watch this movie, I expected a lot, because the action takes on a lot of complex questions. The use of football as a basis for launching complications was also an interesting approach. However, unfortunately, in spite of its courage to deal with controversial issues such as cultural conflicts between Muslim and Western culture, adding conflicts of generations and prejudice towards gay / lesbian, it puts you under the resolution with a fairly simplified relief for all the uncertainties that are generated through the film . This brings me to the impression that the creators took over a bit too big task for themselves to get caught, trying to get deeper when they were able to cope with it. However, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, because the display of the conflict is quite convincing and fun. The film is able to engage and entertain in this issue, but as it has already been mentioned, the writers seem to have a bit of a hitch. This led to some rather unrealistic behavior in order to deal with sudden conflicts. With this release of the ball at a time when creators could really show the glow that the film takes to another level of gratitude. Even if the film does not work at any moment does not really try to be a deep drama, the setting has so much potential in complication that it becomes a disappointment when the "ball falls." In this way, the film passes from a good and reflective comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing was omitted in the Hollywood ending. So, even if the story is interesting and can be stacked a large amount of editing, one can not look back at the resolution. Personally I was close to yelling "end up already !!" On the screen. In the movie there were some decent acting, and two young female central characters had some good moments. Like their parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish trainer was a shameful act of acting, which allowed the film to drop quite a bit in terms of realism. Even he did not seem very sympathetic, but he embarked on himself despite his good deeds, which makes the upcoming conflict between the girls a bit tense. I give movie 4 because it was an interesting story and they were looking for a nice perspective to access the subject. The script and the actors had many good credible characters, giving the audience a chance to recognize themselves or others. If there was no disappointment, I would have easily given a movie 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this movie, I would recommend the film "East is East", which I think is a good, if not a better way of showing a cultural conflict, as well as fun and attraction.
