My girlfriend has the habit of going to Blockbuster and choosing movies that no one has heard. However, sometimes it has led to fun discoveries. Often the best they can say is that they definitely work an hour and a half. She brought home "Caterpillar Council". She was excited because the box said it was funny. Fortunately for us, propaganda on the boxes never lies. This film was a practice of patience. This is one of those films in which, unless you are a pretentious and shallow person who loves to watch movies about yourself, hate every character in the movie. Until the introduction of a nice character. Who will lead a boring pretentious person to fall in love and act in such a way that he will take everyone in the real world. LITTLE SPOILERS FROM HERE So that a bunch of emotionally empty, stuck, pretentious artists curses love and finds success in their careers. Then they meet beautiful, intelligent, emotionally mature and loving character (almost perfect type). Then we look at a woman, a disturbing pretentious artist (in her 30's?) A freak when she falls in love. He tries to escape from a nice, intelligent, emotionally mature man and stays with a married man with whom he has big but empty sex. She is rude to a man and does everything in her power to take him. In the real world, she would be pretty successful. I certainly wanted to escape from her and I was not even in touch with her! Although it is nice that a man "fought for his love," I never wanted to have him. (Not my girlfriend) He did not deserve it. And, why am I wondering, does the director think that "an almost perfect guy" should be punished by having to have a relationship with her? When the artist asked the 'almost perfect guy' to leave, we screamed that he also went. There is a problem with the film when the heroine of the film is so boring, childish and stupid that you want it to perish. Besides, let me say that Andy Dick has made me laugh several times even though his character was pretentious to the point of disturbance. As for other characters, they were well-acting, morally bankrupt and boring characters. It is a comedy and I can say that I laughed a few times in the movie. Unfortunately, there has not been much laughter until the last 10 minutes. But as I laughed, I prayed that the film would last too long. I needed to get these rude characters out of my life. If you want to watch people you hate to fight with love for people you do not deserve, then this is a movie for you.
