I saw a trailer for this movie a few months before his departure, and MAN, whether it looked scary, especially as this film was based on the real-life phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and I thought it could finally be a decent horror / thriller film after years, if it's bullshit. You know how movie stories make the movie look better than it is: perhaps by showing all the creepy parts or exaggerating in certain elements. Advertising for the film did both, which led to my final disappointment. Hell, I doubt it was an upsetting movie that week. This movie takes over the whole thing "based on facts" too far. This film was not completely shitty. I have to admit, that was of interest to me, and Micheal Keaton was convincing as a man who sought answers to supernatural means. In addition, this film is one big cliché. After John's wife dies, she learns about the EVP, which transfers the voices of the dead to everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! Not only did his wife get to him, but they were dead people. God, imagine that. A film about helping dead people. Come on, let me go! The clichés do not stop there. There is also a necessary trick for stopping watches at the same time, every three nights and three evil spirits that jeopardize our hero. Not only was it a movie cliché, it was not bad either. The film literally had two jump scenes, and these two scenes are almost identical. The ending is terrible, as it leaves the VIDEO OPEN door to continue. There is also a final message with a message stating that only one of the Ks voices heard through the EVP threatens, with good luck. A way to break the mood, guys. Jeez! In the end, if you want another horror movie, see Vhite Noise. The only reasons I could think anyone could watch this movie is either that a person is a Keaton fan or that they are interested in EVP. Of course, EVP aspects can be a little interesting, but I do not like the film concepts pushing my throat to my face and blowing it in my face. This film is trying to be terrifying, original and disturbing, but it's the opposite. You know that you have a lame movie when commercials use ghosts to talk about a movie. "I'll see this movie more."
