John Rivers' life as an architect and family man turned for the worst when his wife disappeared and was found dead after a strange accident involving a tire change on her car. In the days when she disappeared, he faces the man who is following him and tells him that he was in contact with his dead wife on the other side via E.V.P - The Electronic Phenomenon of Voice. Of course he does not believe in that, but then he hears strange phone calls from his phone and so contacts a man to find out more about E.V.P. Soon, John is sufficiently succumbed to him, but something supernaturally does not like him to get involved in the dead, as the others are now contacting his wife, the white noise predicts events before they happen. he was sitting on my shelf for some time, I thought it would be better to look at him because that's not my copy. But again, I do not think the owners hurried to return it because they did not question me. Oh well. That's why I decided to introduce him, because I was in an undemanding mood. After I heard and read all the bad press on it, I did not expect anything good, but they entertained me for 90 minutes. So, more than 60 minutes, since the last half hour was a rather vague confusion. The film is nowhere near as good as it could have been, but the time it has quickly penetrated, although it is a rather lukewarm supernatural thriller. I thought it was not all that waste. The first hour I found some effective sequences quite interesting and there is an awesome awe that is generated by the slow progression of the subtle calm and tragedy that is haunting you, but unfortunately it comes to a late standstill in the film. This is when predictably forced diving fears come to their own and somehow simply do not fit into context. It gets pretty busy, loud and very confused with its MTV editing style and a kinetic camera that closes in action. I could not understand what was going on in an upset and sudden climax. The full explanation of how everything fits into the wider picture is pure hockey. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it is something big, but it hits the bottom. I thought they had done a good job up to that moment with the lighting and great work on the camera. In addition, extremely strong lighting, the result was retained by this flick atmospheric darkness. It's all very smooth with its glossed and fan hardware, which makes it very sterile and empty. You can easily see that the heart of the film is in technical components, not in the spread of characters and stories. There is no connection and a lasting feeling within this poor material. After a while, he only makes too much effort to persuade you to fall into manipulative pleasures and to appear in many bloody things outside the grave. He simply pondered watching somebody watching a fuzzy TV screen after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star in the show. Well, it had a lot of impacts rather than lame performances. Michael Keaton is more capable than an actor, but has lately disappeared from the map and here offers a modest performance as a dangerous obsessed John Rivers. Still, he really deserves much better. Everyone else is pretty fragile and forgetful. Not because of the performances, but because of the lack of depth in their characters. At first it was not bad, but the shape of the pear was drastically reduced. I would not want to see him again and would not recommend to anyone, unless you get it. interest in the subject and enjoyment of the recent Hollywood chore / trilera product. It's just a shame that this over-produced movie can not be successfully combined, as promised in its idea and more than decent at hand. I did not hate him, but what a disappointment.
