Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The action is ridiculous, the characters are poorly developed, and the premise is irritatingly stupid. It all starts when Cayton, who is still from Batman, is fresh from doing nothing worthwhile, loses his beautiful author's wife, Anne, in a car accident, which may have been caused by the ride of one of these convertibles, although she should have been rich. In his sadness, Batman moved to a new apartment and took a hobby: he does not record anything and then looks at him. He learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who was killed by three of the tall, dark guys who lived in his TV. Soon, he begins to see dead people, thanks to an EVP, or an electronic phenomena of voice, which is obviously a job in which dead people can send messages to live people through cassettes, video cameras, dead cell phones ("Anna cell call?" There must be ghosts, Mmmmm, there is no other explanation. I better start kidding myself with this without any difference. ") Etc. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper or crash some things to create creative pictograms that never explains. In any case, in the end, Batman reveals that he actually sees the future Oh, he decided to help this woman he does not know. He came out of his house precisely at the moment, because high dark guys come in immediately after he leaves ("D * mn it! Can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I will be d * mned if I can be on time? Am I right in the guy? He follows this lady into the warehouse and finds out that this character is from the first ten minutes of the movie (it looks hard or you will miss it!) It's actually a serial killer that works for three high demonic shadows, who in the Raiders of the Lost Ark style collapsed and killed him, seemingly and as cartoons as they are. Then some detectives appear and rescue the lady. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message out of the grave to apologize to his son as an idiot, apparently feeling that the best way to protect his child from the horror of EVP is to expose him. A little kid laughs. Nothing happens, even when his father Batman, of course, begins to talk to the TV. The peak of the movie was when someone's phone rang and some guy shouted: "It's Anna!"
