Throw a bone: David Jannsen played his father Robert Drivas, who was then 31 (yes, I realize he should leave college, but the tracks in the script are wandering him, and that's probably 24-25 in the script - which still puts Jannsen in the parents' classes at Junior High). I suppose that AMA wrote a medical miracle in her 1938 year in medicine. This film has not aged at all, and now its main attraction is just to see the scene of the City of Sin, about 1969, and all the constant smoking, strange hair (Drivas has an atomic comb that resembles a well) -Groomed hip Cousin It and trendy the fashion that went with him. If anyone remembers, LV was not exactly London ... the city was lazy at that time by the crowd and the gamblers. Drivas is sexually vague; his father thinks he could be gay (in sad irony, Drivas died of AIDS at 47) and the soapstone conflict is from the question of the generation gap (hm, as if someone could call a gap of 7 years). The son of a boy wants to be his own man, and his dad wants to drag him into a casino (Caesar's Palace!), And spits him with girls (including Edi Villiams for money). It is interesting that the son does not seem to be conceived as gay - unusual for the time, and sweet Brenda Vaccarro is nearby to settle platonically over it. What a nudity there is is a terribly chromatic - just what was needed to pull the audience out for a 'R' rating in the early days of the MPAA rating system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and Ks). The editing is HORRIBLE and there is the stupid-stupid overdubs by the Committee (late 60s neo-avant-garde comedy forces that faded militarily from the map in a few years). Don Rickles is on the ship as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for the role of floor managers in much better CASINO two decades later. I do not give anything, but they would deal with Mr. Rickles's image with electrical tools and a hole in the desert then. Curiosity at best, far from the usual work of Josh Logan. Dos / Dias. Now go back to CASINO ...
