Made (altered) along with parts of the dead body (anchorman), Frankenstein Monster (Vake Up, Ron Burgundy) is definitely not a sight for painful eyes (something you would ever want to look at twice ... maybe even once in this case.) More often than not - the relativity of the scene in VURB becomes relevant to a third-party narrator. It is still worrying that the characters in VURB are inconsistent with the versions of ourselves that we had at the end of Anchorman (in the introductory narrative we were told that VURB was taking place shortly after the original.) At the end of the leader, Burgundy has grown. From the beginning of the film, I embraced a hybrid co-leader / mistress. In this film, he returned to his immature fools with telephone calls to Veronica (it's clear that this is more of the same scene from the original Anchorman related to VURB.) The part that makes this film, a story that is constantly evolving, involves a clan who loots a bank for no reason called the Alarm Clock. These scenes are almost painful to pass. This part has been removed from the original scripts for Anchorman. Most of the other scenes that include our Channel 4 news team are clearly alternate / deleted for shooting scenes from Anchorman. They go to the same party as the original, to the same original "group complaining about a woman on the scene" and to the same segment of the fashion magazine that Veronica had had objections to reporting. Bourgogne recreates its first meeting with the place where it drives overlooking San Diego and dinner at its favorite club, Tinos. No figure mentions that they were in the place where they had been driving earlier and when Burgundy entered Tinos with Veronica, he seemed to have never been before. Oh, they wear the same clothes as on the original date. However, I must give little recognition to film makers - even if VURB is nothing but a smart way of presenting deleted scenes associated with narration. Between two stories about Ron Burgundy - this is weaker. Reflecting on this, it is quite a great undertaking for Anchorman that he emerged from the ash of VURB. Stay stylish, IMDb. Thanks for stopping.
