This film is not so interesting, except for the first ten minutes. Tempo and editing are a perfect introduction to the ensemble, even better than the Gosford Park. Then unexplainedly slows down, loses focus and begins to resemble a traditional French film only to regain focus in the end by the love relationship between Antoine (Depardieu) and Cecile (Deneuve). In the middle there are too many sides and loose ends in the story, several topics that have not started yet. ******* SPOILERS BACK The main story is the relationship between Antoine and Cecil. He was loyal to her after having dealt with her many years ago, despite being married again and living in Morocco. As a builder, he is now rebuilding his life and recovering his mask taking the Cecile's mask mask. Having accomplished this, he is buried after a freak (literally) and becomes a coma. He only wakes up after he burnt their old image as a sign that they reconciled themselves to the past and that they can restart their lives properly. ******* END OF SPOILER It remains unclear what kind of vision this director wants us to see because there are many more stories here: Illegal immigrants wanting to enter Europe are frequent radio transmissions about the overthrow of the former Iraqi regime. Cecil's child is bisexual and dogs (loyalty) drink when he meets his boyfriend, while the girl he lives with seems to be sick (of that?). Her sister is traditional Islamic and enters into a relationship with Cecilia's wife. It shows Morocco as unnecessary backward, despite all buildings, there is a strange colonial vision that shines through which the past is almost celebrated. It shows Islam as backward and prone to extremism, which can sometimes be true, but certainly not at all. In the end, all of this can best be described as adding some localization and l'art pour l'art. Deneuve and Depardieu are great. With this material, they are so familiar that they can do something more in each scene: eyebrows, body language, radiation of pride, unpleasant behavior. The film itself is disappointing and only confirms the limited role of French film in the world today. Of course, with some exceptions.
