This is one of the worst B slasher I've ever seen in my life. Completion is something you need to see to believe. The film begins when Harri Standing and Phillip Standing sit on stairs with their mother watching their father go down the chimney while dressed in a suit. He puts presents under the tree, eats cakes and milk, and then returns to the chimney. Phillip goes to bed, but Harry descends to find that his father is dressed in a suit with Santa Claus that sexually satisfies his mother. Then Harri climbs the stairs, breaks the snowball, grabs the shards of the glass and cuts. Then go to the present. You see Harry. He is a lonely man who sleeps in Santa Claus and watches children through binoculars. She has two books. One book for good children and the other for bad children. He writes everything they do in these books. The guy's a jerk. He also works in Jolli Dream toy factory. His brother Phillip has a family and two children and lives in a nice house. When Harry finds out that his boss is only concerned with earnings, he leaves and collects all the toys and delivers them to young children. . Then he travels to church and kills 4 people. Then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree. Children catch him, but they go back to bed. So, Harry goes to the bedroom and kills his father and leaves. While walking towards the house, a bunch of kids saw him and ran to him. Parents are nervous and try to bring their children back to them so that they do not get hurt. How do they know Harry is a killer? Of course, you have to be suspicious because you never know who it might be. Harry gives presents for children and his father pulls the blade of the switch in an attempt to stab him in front of the kids. When Harry escapes, citizens are torched by torches and follow him to kill him. They do not even know that he's a killer. When Harry arrives at his brother's house, his brother and he talk to him a bit and Phillip suffocates him. He just loses consciousness. Phillip loaded Harry back in the van. When Harry wakes up, he leaves. End is something that I could not believe. Once again, you will have to see that you believe in it. One thing that tortured me was the black Santa Claus. That's right, the man in Santa Claus who saw him was a white man. Then why did they bring the Negro? Skip this and watch Silent Night of Deadly Nights and Christmas Murder. You will get your money worth watching these two films. They are better than this bunch of garbage! I gave this film 1 star of ten. I'd love to give her 0 stars because that's what this film deserves.
