Stevart Kane (Gabriel Birne, VANITI FAIR) moves with his local Jindabine, partners from Australia, for a weekend break, recreation and relaxation. But, when Stevart discovers the body of indigenous people floating face down in the river, it seems that things have turned out to be the worst. The biggest victim of the weekend is humanly cheerful. They do not get out of the rails and instead end up their big fishing weekend fishing. Then they leave and report on the body. The city and the life of men quickly turn into a mess. Local media floods them and accuses the prejudices of indigenous people. Stevart's wife Claire (Laura Linnei, EKSORCISM OF EMILI ROSE) feels a deeper meaning of what her husband and his friends have done, but she has to fight her through her own mental illness. In the midst of this chaos, this is the life that this young woman was now a media spectacle, broken down on the morgue board. Her murder and subsequent throwing into the water symbolize what was underneath the city of Jindabine: the division of men and women, black and white, social and excommunicated. Some of the things that are happening are two little children: Stevart and Claire's son who runs Aussie half-races, whose mother was killed just a few years earlier. The young girl lives with her grandfather and grandmother and tries to dismiss her mother in the best possible way, and the discovery of a new body looks like? Surprisingly ?? The method in which this can be achieved (again, it is assumed under Jindabine's current). All and everyone in this municipality of Jindabine feel what lies below its surface, but none of them is ready to dive into Dark Water and look around (symbolism is seen here when in a nearby lake, which is used for recreation and swimming, says that the old city of Jindabine is beneath its surface). None, that is, while Claire does not make them. The film is interesting if it's a bit too complicated. There are too many stories to be explored and this is simply not the case; too loose threads. The acting was fine, but the shooting was terrible. Inconvenient cameras, grainy or dark shots, and only generalized unreliability of total production damage. I enjoy the symbolic films, NORTHFORK is one of my favorite things in that sense. But Jindabine had to turn his head above the cloudy water so he could see his problems, which simply did not happen.
