It's not art, it's an inner urban, politically correct propaganda! Jindabine's political intolerance is beyond the unforgivable ... it does not see people as individuals, but as members of categories. This is the most turbulent and insulting Australian movie I remember all the time (against some pretty strong competition!). A message box, every tired topic in the trendy lion is there: Aborigines are victims; whites are violent or alcoholics; White women are not so bad - especially if they are lesbians - but they are most likely depressed. Four men who go fishing, find the body of a murdered woman (Aboriginal, naturally) and leave her in the river for several days while hunting trout. It's a weird decision that is made without any discussion, as if they were male animals. One man who is demur for a short time is good ... we know this because he lives with a bisexual woman - he loves to keep his baby a lot - and eventually moves to a more fashionable coastal location (far from all these wild shrubs This is a film made of those trendy urbanist who live in fear of the Australian landscape and those evil redneck who are in them. Ignorance of life in the countryside is almost as shocking and despicable. the film was shot through the far-reaching views of the bush supported foreboding, mysterious music. at the end it was clearly demonstrated that Aboriginal units and who are at home in this landscape. It ends badly incredible scene black-white reconciliation. <br /> <br /> In Jindabineu, rural life has been reduced to little more than a background for a story that implies divination superiority values ​​enlightened leftist urban This the film is not made up of people with real jobs, but is funded by the Government film Corporation. it is a product of the artistic event, the soulless emptiness populated by wonderful people that lavish government funding keeps this patronisalno offensive projects ( are separated from real life), as opposed to the creation of popular movies that people want to see. It does not matter if the movie is a smelter, it still pays them. Take care of the loss of time, avoid it as a plague. More exhausted than the current social commentary entertainment, this film deserves to be turned!
