This movie is horrible. I really enjoyed it because I thought "Lantana" was excellent. The following review can include * spoilers * ******* First, good things: look great, some of the performances are fine. Bad things are all about it. The story, as you may know, is about some guys who go fishing and discover the body, but find it Friday, but continue fishing and finally report it on Sunday when they return to the mobile phone. However, the film takes time (the boy needs to take his time) to come to this central event. From the ensemble of characters (about a dozen), it seems that no one likes another one (that is, I guess, consistent, because they are all useless). I was extremely frustrated with the failure to adequately explain how the characters were connected, and it was only at the end of the film that a family tree could be unclear. It's hard to imagine a film that is irreconcilably gloomy, which is a failure in the story's structure, because the person's lifestyle looks equally bad before the fishing trip, as well as afterwards. Once set at as high as possible, it's hard to get it up - it's less than anyone who suicides. In the logic there are nonsense. The killer throws the body into the lake, and then somehow goes miles upstream into the mountains. Fishermen leave on Sunday morning, but for some reason Birne returns home late at night after his wife goes to bed. Then the first thing the next morning, the cops knock on the door to make him come to the station. Um, they did not hear about the phone? At the station, the media know the whole story, less than 24 hours after they reported the body? Totally missing the story of a debate that the guys certainly had after finding the body. It's a mystery - they all ask "how could you do it?" And the audience asks the same question. (Debating what to do with the body is a key scene in "Deliverance"). I know exactly what I would do in their situation. Someone has to go to the car, go to the mobile range, call the police, wait, and they return them to the location. If the others are waiting in the camp and the fish, who cares? Many seem to be wrong. The only thing that was true was that, as the girl was black, local natives caught up with the fishermen's actions as racists - "it would not have made it a white girl." Throughout the time there is an unusual indifference to who could kill a girl (I think the topic is mentioned only once), and there is no mystery because the audience sees the killer on the starting scene. /> So I sit there at the same time bored and confused, when there is a craft - not in the plot, but on the topic. Suddenly it becomes about the quiet dignity of the grieving natives that lead to a funny ending with some inconsistent things about black-and-white reconciliation. Huh? This is an Australian movie "at its best".
