This movie is really creepy. Unfortunately, not for the reason that filmmakers would hope. There are also serial killer masters, but it's not even so creepy. He's just your standard comic book offender, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, but not one particularly fresh to add. Otherwise, even for the most cruel and frivolous criminals, can they keep them chain-linked in a stressful position, on their feet, open arms 24 hours a day a week? I suppose that in the world given to us by Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bai all possible. No, what's really creepy about this movie is the central figure, Danny. This reluctant young man, assisted and supported by the truth by some ridiculously poor security arrangements and a doctor who is completely inattent to the professional ethics or confidentiality of the patient, enters a hospital room occupied by what can only be described as a highly vulnerable and helpless young woman, and on a base Nothing (her chronic sleep excludes the possibility of giving anything as an informed consent) imagines her having a special relationship with her. It seems that in a few days he himself had admitted himself to be abducted, believing (completely false, as we discover) that he was better able to take care of her than anyone else, and in a matter of minutes after returning to her apartment, she is sexually abused, although she (again because of her sleepiness) is completely incapable of agreeing or resisting. Our doubts about why we would feel this connection were soon confirmed. He is, of course, more or less incapable of forming mature adult friendships, let alone sexual relations, and instead returns to this essentially infantile woman who, due to her constant dream, has mental aging that corresponds to the experienced experience of only a few years. . The scene in which ice cream reveals is a particularly troubling, but shy look that gives it to him when he shyly says that he will have to clean it again, causing a special shudder of horror. But again, I'm afraid, not the shiver of horror to which the filmmakers hoped, but a much clearer cramp of repulsion. We can all clearly see what is at the end of our fork - this is the perfect dream of a pedophile about innocence, sexual intercourse and complete dependence. Terrible, terrible, terrible. What else do we have in this porridge? Screaming dreams are not as good as part of Toro. The compulsory argument "You must go to the police", where the main character always has reason to not do it, even though it is the only reasonable conduct of the action. The automatic sequence, much praised in the comments here, though completely and completely meaningless ("It's not serving anything!" As Sigournei Veaver protested in Galaka Kuesta insolently) and looked at me just as disgusting Dr. Phibes repeated in one of the files Jeffrey Combs is doing his best, so that's the star for it, and a couple more because you have to keep a lower ranking for movies that are worse than that, and in general, this is good. shot and competently performed.
