New York, I love you, or rather Manhattan, I love to watch your people in love sometimes, is a precise example of the difference between telling the story and telling the situation. For example, look at two segments in the film, where Ethan Havke set a cigarette for a woman on the street and continued to talk with disgusting sexy talkies, and the other with Orlando Bloom trying to catch the film's incredible request by his director to read two books by Dostoyevsky . While this other is not a great story in any way, it's at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to achieve it, Dostoevsky throws himself in the skirt, and eventually gets help (and maybe more) from a girlfriend which he talked about as links between him and the director. Ethan Havke's scene, however, is nothing, and it feels like it's by chance, as a coincidence added or directed by the film director (or, in that case, Havke with a combo before the Sun and real bite). /> </ br /> What is disturbing in the overall movie is that several of the stories they do really work with one or two possible "stories", and then other situations that take place to connect or switch between each other ( ie bits including Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Haiden Christensen, Andi Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not even so much that a movie set is practically always in Manhattan, and not in New York from Cuenca or Staten Island or in Bronco (even Harlem or Washington Heights) - there are not many differences, because there is something. It is a lack of imagination that can be found in peaks, for better or worse, in Paris J'taime. It mostly has little to do with New York, except in transient references, and in the worst case (in the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) it is incomprehensible at a level that is terrible. for TV, and try to get in and out of the movie - in, for three scenes: the Bloom / Christina Ricci segment that is charming; Brett Ratner directed the segment (yes, Ks-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story about a teenager who led a girl in wheelchairs to her mother just to reach a big turn; and Eli Vallach and Cloris Leachman as a beautiful, pretty old couple moving to Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be missed, even directing debut Natalie Portman, and the return of Brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. The mixed bag makes it easy: it's like you must search for a bag of mixed nuts of full fucking peanuts to find a few remaining almonds.
