I have always been somewhat weakened by the original Joe Dante's THE HOVLING (1981) ?? so I was not particularly interested in checking any of his sequels; Some time ago, I caught HOVLING III: MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? from the same director as this one? and he found that he could look, but nothing special. The second war, however, has a pretty bad reputation and I knew that I would have a good time watching it ?? if it is mostly valid in the eyes of an astonishing but a pompous icon of horror Christopher Lee, who is approaching in the midst of everything (a gracefully arrogant star pathetically argued several times in interviews that he had not appeared in the horrifying direction of his life last picture for Hammer Films in 1976)! . In any case, this film should have the subtitle "Your movie is turd"? Be incredibly incompetent in all departments (starting with more and more important makeup makeup)! The plot (and dialogue) is not just awesome, but has the slightest connection with Dante's movie? It's strange that the author of the original novel Gerry Brandner wrote this! Still, one of the indisputable highlights (er ... low points) of the movie is a meaningless elliptical editing ?? who tries to give the whole world an illusion of style, but it only serves to emphasize the shame factor! Likewise, fake (and lattice) hockey passes between scenes, pointless pank-rock themed song and cheap special effects at the peak! What about the characters, then? until they come into contact with the monsters; at the very least, however, one should admire the creativity of the creator (or the lizard) in the design of a stupid sub-subtitle with a double meaning! Incidentally, Sibil Danning (such as Stirba, Verevolf Bitch) is the subtitle for which this is known in the UK!) It is quite attractive in the assortment of the unforgettable S & M outfit ... but her character practically got nothing to do (apart from presiding her litter of followers and occasionally are having fun in three directions of sex with lycanthrope!); Her two lieutenants (one of them is black) are particularly irritating. Helping Lee on the side of the good are two heroic heroes (he is Dee Vallace's character from the first film and her colleague) and a rude guerilla type of transylvania (however, they mostly manage to smoothly manage Danning's rather stupid insects !). Significant among them is a dwarf who throws a knife and gets especially nasty (but, at the same time, lateral decay); He later survived, under Stirbin's control, in order to indulge Lee (by pronouncing him childishly across all the streets of the village) into the trap. This second scene must be a career over for a prominent and imposing actor? Well, either this one or the early sequence in the disc that Lee was made to put a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses to look inconspicuous among young parties! Finally, if I were forced to mention the elements in this that were not completely dissatisfied, I guess I can say that the kosturnica (in which the heroine is sacrificed) is interesting, or that the hybrid creature is a waswolf / The bat (Danning's pet who loves to "inhabit") the body of his victims is too weird to despise ...
