Ugly recording, poorly scripted and amateur tempo continues with Joe Dante's 1981 classic. "Wrapping" is one of two or three ONLY good waswolf movies ever made, yet it is "rewarded" with a host of disgusting and unbearable attachments like this one. If it's a consolation, "Stirba" is just a continuation of the name and has nothing to do with the characters or events that have been introduced into Dante's film. The plot here revolves around the bloody cult of Transylvanian insects? primarily women? led by Stirba. Stirbu plays Sibil Danning, who turns from the shining old lady into a blonde super-baby (with impressive chest) in blinking eyes and becomes all hairy when sexually excited. Her foe is a bit tired of Christopher Lee. His character? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator traveling to Styria's kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who lost a friend in a cult of insects. In case you are looking for just dirty blood and free nakedness ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder is shown in a very detailed way, and we are even treated to explode the eyeballs and the rotten image of the dwarf pierced by a sharp fence. However, if you want a little substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. Dialogues are unpleasant and there are absolutely no tensions to discover anywhere. The screenwriters seem to be constantly confused by the vampires with vampires (Transylvanian environment, garlic, wooden sticks ...), and Danning's beautiful balcony is shamefully used as the only film film. At the end of the film, the recording in which she peels off the top is redacted (according to my colleague, reviewer Dr. Gore, not less than seventeen times!) Which is rather pathetic and meaningless. The music is fine and some landscapes are pretty beautiful. I'm talking about wild sculptures during the opening and dark dungeons of the Stirbina castle. Director Philippe Mora is a huge mess and ?? how much I wonder ?? his only valuable film remains "The Beast Vithin", published three years earlier.
