From the moment Christopher Lee puts a pair of sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know that you have a stink on your hands! This film had the potential. Below all sludge there are remains of what could have been made in a decent movie, if not interesting. The final product, however, is a real mess. In addition to free nudity and some very attractive women, Hovling II appears as a funny excuse for a horror movie. Christopher Lee gives him a bunch of credibility, but he can not even raise him above the level of shit. Since she has never seen any other movie from this series, this critic will be compelled to accept on the face. that this is a true continuation of the events in the first part. We start with the funeral of one of the characters from the original, and in the first ten minutes we are in Transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to fight with the inferno cobra. The film is moving pretty well and there are not too many dead spots. Action is here; It just does not shoot well. One bright spot is music punk band called Babel. Although their song is often played, it's pretty attractive. The problems with this movie are great. First, the acting is worse than poor. Christopher Lee is good enough, but it ends there. Two tracks by Reb Brovn and Annie McEnroe are missing out on everything you would like for such characters. Writing is bad, editing is superfluous, and the direction is amateurish. There are a couple of nice special effects, but sirens far outstrips them. Sibil Danning is nice to watch, but her acting performance is less than satisfying. Judd Omen looks like he's playing, but his voice and acting are unpredictable. Much of the dialogue is in an incomprehensible language that may or may not be Latin. I liked the general idea for the story. I always enjoy the stories of true believers in order to fight the seemingly invincible forces of evil. One scene in which a small group of good guys trekkers through a dark forest and storms a group of invertebrates is even exciting. Like. Perhaps a bigger budget or a better director could make the rest of the film even more inviting. 3 of 10 stars. The Hound. Page Remark: Since this writing, censors on ioutube.com have not yet abolished final loans with Sibil Danning ripping several times while Babel sang! Catch him while you can!
