Hovling II began, because it means continuing with the bizarre and surreal introductory narrative of Christopher Lee, whose image is imposed over the stars of the star in motion, and the skeleton also appears for some reason. He says "because it is written that the inhabitants of the earth were drunk with her blood." And I saw the sledge on the hairy beast, and she offered a golden challenge full of the dirtiest blasphemy, and on the forehead was written, look, I am the great mother of an elusive word which I could not understand no matter how many times I rolled the tape and tried, I'm sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth. " This introductory narrative does not mean anything and is simply bizarre. After the introductory credits placed through transylvian architecture images, we get an inscription on the screen that informs us that we are in Los Angeles, California, USA, the city of angels. I knew I was in a long 86 minutes. This is probably not too long after the events of the original Hovling (1981) and the funeral of Karen Witte. After the ceremony, Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brovn) speaks of an "occult investigator" called Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee) who says Karen Vukodlak and will return to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But together with one of Karen's friends and colleague Jenni (Annie McEnroe), he visited Stephen in his home. There Stefan tells them about the Werewolves and how to kill them, mentions Stirbu (Sibil Danning), the queen of the Vukodlak. Stefan also shows a photograph taken at Karena's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is an extremely dangerous and dangerous Vukodlak who wants Karen. Stefan says he will invest any of Vereven's heart through titanium. Ben realized that Stefan meant that Karen would also invest in it, so that along with Jenni would travel to the cemetery where the crypt of his sister should stop Stefan. However, many insects appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and succeed in finding out that Stirba is in Transylvania. All of them decide to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirb and its Werewolves to take over the Earth by fulfilling the eternal curse. Once they travel to a small town called Vlkava, which means 'where the wolves live' and meet a local priest, Father Florina (Ladislav Krecmer) and his little but loyal group of insect hunters, what else can I call them? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Marian who they hope will lead them to Stirbe. But Stirba knows about Stephen's arrival and has plans for him Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to put an end to Stirbin's plans for world domination? Will this movie become more bizarre or more realistic? Look and find out. Director: Philippe Mora, this is a strange confusion of the film. It's poorly edited, because certain sequences only unconsciously jump around. The biggest problem is the scenario by Robert Saan and Garry Brandner based on his novel that is all around and does not create any meaning or introduces us to any appropriate characters we love. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and it's never boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre always happens that the viewer entertains. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who are enjoying 'bad' movies, it's there with the best. There are orgies of Wolves that are just strange to watch. We got some cool weapons to kill the Werewolf. Sets and locations look so unreasonable and I do not know if it was actually filmed in Transylvania, but it does not look like what I thought Transylvania would be in the mid-'80s. Castle Stirba is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and part of a modern luxury house. The costume and costumes of her servant are very over-the-top, Stirba wears a suit that seems to belong to the S / M video and is fair to her looks pretty sexy, and her servant wears scarce leather clothes. The special effects of makeup range from good to poor, the eyes of the dwarf explode, someone has opened their hands and the priest has a creature that comes out of his mouth, but this is not a film full of bones, although it has many effect sequences with transformations and attacks by the insect. There are many nudity, as well as Stirba and her subjects are a bunch of insects! I should mention music, the soundtrack is dominated by the terrible rock music I hated and eventually I reduced the volume. The acting is poor everywhere around and what on earth thought about when he accepted this film ?! I wonder what he thinks about it. Basically, all this is a real mess, but nevertheless it was a pretty fun ride to me anyway. It is impossible to recommend it, but it kept me to the end. Speaking of which final credits went over what appears to have been deleted scenes and recorded footage, it also has the same clip Sibil Danning taking her dress off and exposing her breasts probably over 20 times! If that's your thing.
