If it's someone's "favorite" movie, they need serious help. There is nothing ridiculous or clever about this crapfest. I did not see the original movie, this is a remake of a movie (a film from the 1950s), but it simply has to be better than this new bastardization. Major is evicted from the army because it is a Fringe element, and finishes teaching children in the ROTC School. Unfortunately, Daman Vaians is the main ... so children in the world are boring, humorous azithias. Can Vaians throw these losers in shape? Can I make him become a bit more human? Film bombs as well as most Vaians movies, with just a few great moments. Villiam Hickey gets about one minute of screen time, too little. This charming old man (known as the actor "Crypts of the Crypt", known to you as Uncle Louis from "Christmas holidays") shines every moment when he is on the screen, which is not much. Bam Bam Bigelow also appears as a biker, which perfectly suits him. I would not mind Bam Bam a bit, but I think he was carrying the role of a "biker" to the extent that he can handle a military film. And there's an attractive teacher, some fall for Major Paine, even though he is behaving poorly towards children, there are no social skills, and it's simply impossible to turn into someone with whom you would like to spend time. It must be either incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate. I'm not sure who (though it would look "stupid" because the film clearly shows that it often goes out quite often). Vaians had a great moment: a dance series where a series of moves (including a very good "robot"), and with the help of music from Live Crew, appeared. This scene was pleasant, but barely compensated for anything else that made this dog's spitting. Seriously, avoid this movie. If you want to see a film that is a loser that helps losers become heroes, rent or buy "Ernest Goes to Camp". At least it's a kindly loser, and actually funny. Perhaps Major Paine would fight with a badger to feel better, but he did not. Forget Paine, forget Vaians ... you can do much better.
