I'll have to add a comment here. The various criticisms I have read have compared this film with similar films such as Vong Kar Vai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. ie. one of the marvelous fleets of mandarin treats that came in our way in the last few years. Unfortunately, this is not entirely accurate. The film appears as an attempt by film school graduates to mimic these teachers. All the pieces are there - a beautiful background, an unclear minimalist dialogue, a slippery slip of the camera, and men's water, especially, who spend a good time while sitting around and thinking. Sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is wrong. Dialogue is guided. Operation is generally unable to pick up the characters above the type; The couple and the younger sister are particularly poor and inclusive. Unfortunately, when the central character of the act is combined with the classic "check" (ie, very predictable) plot, the results are at best boring and, at worst, painful. I could not even see the scene of the Blue Danube, for example, as if I were bordering with a genre parody (although the smoggy look "spring" above the river gave me a little black humor ...) \ t this movie based on which was photographed by Mark Li Ping. Although the item is elegant and a swinging camera tries to replicate the mood of "Flower of Shanghai", the film is not visual in the same league. In fact, I have to admit that after an hour I wondered whether it was a script or an act that destroyed the film, I suddenly remembered that I should have met with my roommate for dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can not remember the last the film from which I came out). I guess from the review that the end may have left a positive taste, but until that moment I did not care. If you want to see something similar to what was done with the right talent, then I would recommend any of the above directors, for example "In the mood for love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both recorded by talented g. Ping (formerly with Chris Doile), and both are masterful enough films that inspire years of unsuccessful emulations like this one. Often, Mr. Hoberman does not lead me, and you may prefer to listen to him, but do not say that you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
