This is the first BBC series series "Complete Drama Works by William Shakespeare" I've seen, and if all of them are, I might no longer be watching. Since there is virtually full text of the play, everything that Romeo and Juliet has for it is missing in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrific director, both in technical and artistic terms. In the first, because he makes mistakes that even the first pupil of the film wisely escaped. Take into account, for example, the poorly decorated first shot of Abraham and Baltazar at the opening scene, or the entry of a sister in Friar Lorens's cell, asking him where Romeo is so strong in front of her that she was clearly seen if she was blind. And in the other, because each of the performers is misguided, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly the way I have always imagined Juliet look, and she seems to be not a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance lacks the passion of any kind. Patrick Riecart as Romeo is even worse, not only as boring as Juliet, but too old and not even handsome because he appears as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky Doll. Joining them makes it impossible to think that they feel something for each other, let alone being the main players of the biggest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his screen debut, plays Tibal as Darth Vader, a huge mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended, not the character who is a hero or villain, but all are human beings with defects. This Tibalth is so mean that we do not believe in the pity of the characters after his death. Regarding Paris, I was thinking of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson is able to do some sort of justice for her sister. With 168 minutes, this production can not make us feel sympathetic to the characters, because the characters do not sympathize with each other and never believe in their roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli. But to be honest, this BBC is not nearly as bad as abhorrence like George Cukor's brilliant geriatric version, or a crime against humanity that Baz Luhrmann's feature-length MTV video. 4/10.
