"Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincent Minnelli, a team behind the "American in Paris", reunited with a large number of great craftsmen and women behind their previous co-operation. Gene's leading lady is Cid Charisse, one of the best dancers of the film from the 1940s and 1950s, and unlike the generally superior "It's Alvais Fair Veather", this film gave them a chance for not just one but two dance. Lerner and Loewe were the team behind such future hits as "Mi Fair Ladi" and Minnelli's "Gigi" musical masterpiece; Lerner and Minelli have already demonstrated their sangnique collaborative juices on the excellent "American in Paris". What happened on that road? Why is the movie itself so stupid so far? Sam Minelli did not want to do the film, despite his previous warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the innate conservatism of the film was just a little more than two steps forward for the MGM and one step backwards for Vincent Minnelli. But once this task was caught in the trap, as Brigadier's inhabitants, trapped inside the city limits, Minnelli tried to turn it into something that would be fun in a particularly disruptive, if not liberating manner. The end result is really terrible when viewed. As we strive for the naive charm of previous Minnelli hits such as "Cabin in the Ski" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", the charred hooligans carry the Brigadon inhabitants can not conjure up any of the illusory nostalgia for those which were never localized. Its capricorn does not match even with the brilliant shine of "Iolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate", because the settings for the mountains at the same time seem too specific to such an exotic fantasy and too generic for real human emotions. The only people in the Brigadon, whom they can at least deal with, are unhappy men trying to escape and an unhappy passenger driven by Van Johnson who accidentally shoots him. General actions in the Brigadoon municipality are too mysterious and provincial, even ascribed to the backward form of Christianity: they look positively pagan in their own eyes. For example, in exchange for Brigadoon's immortality, the honored and generally "good" pastor in the city sacrificed his place in an allegedly blessed sanctuary. At one point we are sure that "everyone is searching for his Brigadoon." Just say that the box office for this picture confirms my suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of quasi-tortious paradise. The premise itself is a funny and almost offensive patronage, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly is the most likely thing in the movie, and Charisse is terribly wrong as a girl optimist in the same way as Lucille Bremer was wrong in "Iolanda and the Thief". Van Johnson is doing his best version of the classic Oscar Levant's assistant to Kelly (even lighting up one of the three cigarettes at one time as Levant in "AIP"), and offers many fun moments. But it says something in itself, if the best part of the big budget extravagance with all the best talents of MGM is Van Van John's performance.
