I often do not feel compelled to negatively criticize the film; After all, I often feel the maxim, "if you do not have anything good to say, do not say it at all," it would be a good advice for many opponents we hear every day and who like the things we love. If your reader does not care, I must point out that Christopher Walken's lonely exception to Gabrielle's returnee role is pathetic HORRID. I'm telling you this to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Woken's impenetrable delivery and style or you liked the original "Prophecy", you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. What's wrong with this movie? A complete list should be too long to be read and brought to tears, but a brief summary would be the following: sometimes a rather crystal clear picture of the relationship between the angel and the mortal of the first film is torn into pieces. Gabriel turns from the fairly morbid right hand of God he used to be (and he is ridiculous in this role) in something more than a robber for the sky. Since Woken is so good at playing hard (we all remember Frank Wyatt from King of New York), he's still nice, but the support is the endless and inconceivable mess of mortals and angels who can not buy a mark for 50 cents. If you can understand the plot, you are the smarter man of me. You get the feeling that we wander off from scene to scene just to move the movie to the next Valken's big line. By the end of the film, you actually want to blow up your horn and make the walls of Jericho fall onto people who have made this non-natural disaster. The bottom line - it's an insult to our intelligence that made the sequel to this movie. The original has told the true story, answered the questions that should have been, and left it to yourself for what you should think about later. There are no compelling reasons to follow those characters who were in the first - a priest who lost faith, a girl who kept a "big secret", a teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer was even more interesting than the first film than all the others characters in the sequel together. I'm sorry for anyone who sees this movie, not the first because they will probably never want to watch the original, and this is a real tragedy.
