Everyone knows that the original "Prophecy" of Gregory Viden did not really require a sequel, but you also do not need a degree in rocket science that hangs above your chimney to realize that extra cash contributions to this profitable concept of horror are inevitable. The second part is a very prototype example of the sequel that moves directly into the video, which means that the creative and complicated plot of the original is much simplified for the benefit of more action, more humorous liners and much more spooky religious landscapes. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Valken for the role of Gabriel, and he brings another magnificent drum performance that immediately justifies the rental price. If there was no Valken's performance (and perhaps a few supporters such as Brittany Murphi and Glenn Danzig), "Prophecy II" would certainly disappear into oblivion immediately after its release. The film begins with Gabriel literally spitting from hell to continue his war in heaven. The purpose of his fight this time is to prevent the baby nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. You see, her unborn child is the first hybrid between the celestial angel and the earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a superior being would imply the fall of Gabriel's evil domination. So, like in the first film, he hires a suicide hangman to help him and hunts Valeri until Eden for a final bribe. "Prophecy II" is a durable and occasionally fun movie until you make a comparison with the original and as long as you have managed to overlook multiple holes and continuity errors. Whenever the story gets too tiring, the creators happily always throw a moment near Brilliant to distract you. His interaction with the revolted Izzi, and especially his ignorance of modern earth technologies, often results in valuable and unforgettable sequences. On a slightly non-thematic note, I often felt that the ambitions of "Prophecy II" look like "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection looked a bit like teleportation of a futuristic cyborg, and the location of Eden, where the final battle is held, looks very similar to the steel factory in which Terminator II was completed. Accident, I suppose? All in all, this is an inferior and passable sequel, but it is worth checking if you are the fan of Christopher Valken's unique acting charisma (and who is not?).
