I saw this hot vignette tonight at the checkout and immediately I was thrilled with how bad it was. First, the film is practically flaunted by its gaps of blind spots. No black or gay New Yorkers in love? Or who, for example, knows the white people in love? I know it's not love Crash of anvil-tastic inclusiveness, but you can not pretend to have film Nev Iork with these pretty dominant members of society. Plus, you know the people who produced this thought, Crash earned an Oscar, so where are everyone? Perhaps the worst of the bizarre and conscious socioeconomic ignorance was the right glaring chapter (remember when you were in high school and people were outraged with pretty young women in wheelchairs?) Not me.) This film was the gamut of ways to be the worst. Poor acting, bad writing, poor directing - all this includes all possible genres related to the rich white people who smoke cigarettes outside the elegant restaurants. But, thank God, they finally got powerful Haiden Christensen and Rachel Bilson together to reunite the Jumper. And, alongside her, Uma avoided the bullet; Ethan Havke looks devastated. This, of course, is one thing in terms of his looks, but he added incredibly angry additional vibrations of horror to his terrifying scriptwriting scene versus the poor, beautiful Maggie K. I had a terrible time choosing my least favorite scene for the end of the movie questionnaire, but it must be Anton Ielchin / Olivia Thirlbi for a pure lack of taste, which makes me sad because I really like these two actors. I do not feel easily offended, but all I could do is to mock and look around with disgust as a 50-year-old aunt. A close second in this incredibly tight competition with terrible things is Shia LaBeouf's tone of deaf depiction of what it means for the former Disney Channel star to play against Julie Christie. I do not mean the opposite, I mean against. Against the only explanation. Now I understand that the early sequence with Orlando Bloom is relatively accentuated. HIGHLIGHT. Keep this in mind when your brain starts to leak out of your ear shortly after opening a loan, which seems to be nodding first to Nev Iork Real Worl. This film is shameful, strangely dated, unarticulated, inefficient, pretentious, and finally completely separate from any real idea about New York. (An additional star is for the Cloris Leachman / Eli Vallach sequence, because it is actually pretty sweet, but it's just one bright spot in what feels like hours of meaningless, masturbative torture.)
