This is one of those terrible movements in which twenty things are silly with the dark arts around the camp fire, entering into a bunch of trouble for it. A portal containing the demonic world known as Kelippoth from Sitra Achra was opened by a man whose daughter Summer was abducted, taken to her. Year is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed in the fight against demonic monsters. This is a part of the action that can be tested. In any case, the three vannabee witches, who went to high school together, Renea, the most satisfied, serious practitioner in dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (that's more or less passable fashion with them, although .. ) join your friends, Jason and Ricky, on a wilderness trip where Leto disappeared from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book, the demon is liberated, as is the Leto, now a warlike baby whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and the skills needed to break away from the monsters of the Second World. Low budget contains an indecent but ambitious story, which limits it to a limited environment. These young men spend a lot of time running around in the woods hoping there will not be food for the beast. As can happen in these films, the demon stands on the margins as the story evolves as the Summer attempts to remember how it all happened, while getting acquainted with Jason who wants to help her recover the lost time. The action was shot mainly in the dark, which makes every kind of violence difficult for deciphering. Brigitte Kingslei (and the rest of the women's acting team) is a powerful eye-catcher, dressed modestly dressed as a female Conan, a wonderful body that is pleased to look from the moment when the film closes. Some lesbians (.. some kissing and loving) and naked well spice up things, and actors seem fun with a silly complication .. it's so meaningless that stupid tone is probably suitable for the material. It can be interesting for a common actor, "Captain of the Brave" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the members of the group, who lays his alter ego, like a chicken, trembling with the sound of a twig. Landi Cannon is a lovely hero, Jason, a lover, naive young man whose former bridegroom, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine is cruel to playing with Jason's feelings, hiding the Affair with Marlen from his knowledge), while Ricky and Renee are trying to dissuade him from this idea that he can turn on the dead flame that came out, never to burn again. The Kelippoth demon is mostly dimly lit, I suppose I refrain from showing how ridiculous / ridiculous it is if we present it completely. The lesbian fools of Jasmine and Marlene (Halei Shannon) are mostly loud, their love, once alone in the woods along the wood, is relaxed and illuminated by the blackening of the night. My rating is a bit more favorable to him, almost exclusively for Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, not for action or film. The film aims to satisfy and sell to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, that in most cases humor is a bit flat.
