It's certainly a strange way to promote a movie that rests a lot. It seems to be an assassination attempt, since (1) the quarrel between the actors was well known long before the film was released. (2) The marriage between the producer (Robert Frier) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also known. (3) Actors did not conceal contempt for the film and publish them on every occasion, with daily newsletters from a gathering that joyfully reported trackers on gossip everywhere. I (4) Author, Gore Vidal hated him practically from the first day. However, this expression only briefly summarizes. Rakuel Velch does not give a decent performance like Mira, and in addition it looks great. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner, a former Covboi Star who runs a fake action academy. Mae West (in its first appearance on the screen since 1943) naturally redefined its part to suit itself, and it's great as '' overseked '' (and this is a mild word) '' Talent Agent '' Leticia Van Allen . Still, she was sure to be wondering (after waiting for a good car for so long to return) as she had ever ended up in this mess. Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of her. 'clients'. John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also briefly describe. Rek Reed as Miron, Farrah Favcett and Roger Herren, as victims of the Mira / Miron of sexual passion, are neither there nor there. The same is true for a script that not only focuses on the basic work of the book, but it seems to be moving at least three different directions at a time. Although the western part was originally larger, it was reduced to the Kamay role at the time when Sarne completed the installation. And, partly because of that, it seems to be in another movie. Apparently, at some point, the producers realized that Mae would be a great drawing of the film, and, unable to replace most of her recorded material, rushed back to the recording at the end of the recording for another of her two songs. Both come from nowhere. The device Sarna used to throw old movie clips of old stars to emphasize which points she created does not work at all. By the time the film is over, everything a tired viewer can do is ask what it was. It is not surprising that all who were connected with production felt the same way, and died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD includes (among other add-ons) and separate comments from Velch and Sarne, each of which has totally opposite views on what went wrong. a piece that tried (very detailed) to do the same thing. True, the structure of the novel has made the screen adaptation a shadowy venture, but since Sarne was at the forefront of what was apparently a "problematic" production, she actually had never had a chance.
