(In this review, I will indicate the point where the spoilers begin.) My dissatisfaction is divided: 30% of tonnes of deafness, 70% of the lack of writing. 30%: I agree with a brief overview of the first commentator about the lack of diversity in the characters and extent of the story. I was surprised that, at best, this film greatly disparages the real NIC by representing a collection of people and relationships that are so narrow that it comes to them as if it were settled only by the actress Gossip Girl (it comes from someone who loves the gossip Girl ). Several minority characters are recorded in the stories, but they are included with the obligation, while the gears below the film are seen so clearly, trying to "be diverse" but falling so short. 70% is the reason why everything falls. All characters, white and several minority labels, are one-dimensional, cardboard cut out concepts of people. Worse yet, their interactions are mutually scripted so that for each vignette in the audience the audience is treated with what I would say is "gag": we get the basic umination, and then some punchline was intended to be smart tvist. But even if we stopped cynicism for a moment and said, "Well, that was a surprise" ... the stories are not that interesting yet, because they are also shallow. When you modify stories so that their existence depends exclusively on an unexpected end, you write jokes. Spoilers below ... The film primarily tries to show romantic stories. It is okay. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complex. Each of these "romantic" stories has one girl and a boy who at one time share the same location and watch each other. The exchange of words, thoughts are projected through the voice, but they also manage to communicate to the audience only that one person is attracted to the other. So, there is no seduction (in a wider sense), no tension, no confrontation nor a union between the will of two different nations who are trying to reconcile their existence in order to adapt to the Other. The only story involving superficial "seduction" is just because the audience is surprised that the guy (Ethan Havke) is out of the reach of a hit girl, which unexpectedly turned out to be a whore. Of course, his words when trying to pick it up are interesting for listening and we are as fun as if we were next to them, but there is nothing important for this story outside "And then B". This is happening if something like a postcard can be "developed" with all the other stories: And then B - That's it, the only thing is that it happens "on the set" in Manhattan. By the way, the only Brooklin we see is a sketch of Conei Island; The only queen is the flickering of the train ride by the character that travels to West Village. It is easy to choose movies that play all the usual stereotypes of race, gender, sexual orientation and soon. New York, I love you, however, deserves to be stricter because of your title. We expect to see the true New York City and make New Yorkers, but instead we have selected a selected part of demographics in front of us, its characters came from the OC, as well as several others to make SEEM like paying attention to diversity. But when we look closer to those characters, the whole crook becomes an insult to the very notion of diversity and the ethnic and cultures that the film does not represent shamefully. For example, a story with a Latino man with a little white girl in the park, whom two ladies misunderstood as their male nanny, and in fact he is a father. Regardless of the fact that the last scene of this work was unnecessary from the point of view of a dramatic construction (it would be much more interesting to end this when the mother and the boy / stepfell give up the girl), it is sincerely somewhat disgusting, a scene in which we are sure that the girl's father Latin ALSO must inform us that he is a sexually desirable dancer. What, Dad can not be just a guy from South America? Now that it's obviously hot, is the public better prepared to accept that he had a child with a middle-to-upper-middle-class child? Are we so naive that this is necessary? As if a Mexican construction worker was obviously too unpleasant. It's not my place to dictate where the film should go. But in any imaginative setting and reversal of the action, the directional direction screams the status of the house, appeals to safety. All of these stories could have been more interesting, even if we were forced to maintain the one-dimensionality of the characters who inhabited them, at least not choosing from standard and obvious stereotypes. An Asian girl living in the Chinese district is tilted by an old white man? And it would be an Asian pig that deals with white college instead. I repeat, I'm not saying that the whole spell must change. That's all. damn it. do premise. is so hacked-and so they fail to convey anything about why someone would love to be in New York outside banal. The right way to improve the movie would be to write a script worth reading. I will admit the pleasantness of the soundtrack, the good pace of the film (even if it was in progress) is good, excavator), and the general feeling of many scenes. The film was quite fine to pass, and I would not discourage anyone from it. However, it is said that the most important homage paid for non-superficiality when the old opera singer says (paraphrase) "That's what I love in New York: everyone is from another place." Well, you would not know it from watching this.
