It was sixties, and anyone who had long hair and hip, a distant attitude could get the money to make a movie. So Michael Sarne, the director of this colossal failure, managed to get a job. Sarne is one of the most eminent people ever to get a dollar for a movie. In fact, the entire studio had to be deceived to agree to hire a guy who made a previous film, a terribly precious black and white feature of the 60s called Joanna. The film featured a similar actress / housewife, Genevieve Vaite, who could barely speak the whole line without falling into an inappropriate expression of the face or as in Twitter. Sarne, who was probably incapable of directing a cartoon, let alone a Hollywood film of a big budget, was on the way over the head. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how Sarna, who was a fake, was able to pull the wool over all eyes. If there ever exists a historical marker that points to the superficiality and shallowness of an era, Mira Breckinridge gives this marker. It embodies the emptiness and a foolish excess of a decade that is more often remembered for the great change in the sea in the body's policy. Brechinridge is the cornerstone of another, equally important vein. Watch this movie and get a different perspective on the less often emptied emptiness of the spirit that has so often passed on to talents during those years. Many critics have talked about inter-cutting images from other films, especially older ones. Some actually loved these crappy "comments" about what was happening in the film, others thought they were meaningless, boring and immoral, although the film was so bad that any interference had to be an improvement. In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Mir Brekinridge was to comment on the lack of wit and imagination he possessed. In other words, Sarna was so imaginative - provoked that she just threw these pistons to fill space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were desperate. His writing skills did not exist, and David Giler wisely drifted away from the project, as could be said from the bomb that knocked, so Sarne was left to try to make a movie and could not. It was beyond his slim possibilities. Hence the introduction of what looks like half of the entire movie clip. Ghosts of writers and directors - long gone - were called to fix this unhappy flopper because Sarne was sure she could not. That's what he came up with when he sat on the set and thought about eight hours until the whole team and team (not to mention producers and accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something, some great spark of imagination, a hint of originality, a juicer of spirits, that they crack from Zevs's forehead. Um, ups. There is no Zeus + no imagination + no spy = a million small banknotes with small wings - each made out of hundreds of licensing agreements that are needed to use pics - fly through the window. Bye. As for me, I hated movie clips. They characterized Sarne's much better, entertained people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far outstripered the abilities of the director and finally served to show that he lacked inspiration, originality - and even ordinary competence - in comparison with even the most beautiful of them.
