Anyone who knows me remotely can tell you that I love bad films almost as much as I love big movies, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of all the legendary bad films of all time: the almost indescribable mess that is MIRA BRECKINRIDGE. Adapting the best-selling book, Gore Vidal (later renounced these film versions), the star MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is really a film so bad that it still bizarrely entertains from the beginning to the end. The Ks-rated movie about sex change operations and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the box office and was literally exhausted by critics and audiences at the time of its release. It's not surprising that the film got a legendary cult status among fans of bad cinema and in fact I was very excited to finally see it for the first time. Director Michael Sarne (who only had two more recent approvals of his name at that time), took a lot for the final film, and frankly, he does not seem to have any idea what he is trying to achieve . The film is often incomprehensible, and the entire sequences are arranged together in such a way that many scenes are almost incomprehensible. A trick is also the use of archive footage from Fok film vaults and merging into the image at regular intervals. This means that there is an archive footage of past movie stars, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, embroidered in newly-produced scenes of often rude sexual acts, and this process simply does not work as intended (it also caused less noise, as actors the Temple and Loretta Ioung sued the studio to use their image without permission. Perhaps Sarne is not the only culprit, however, since the film script and casting will also force many viewers to shake their heads in disbelief.For example, this movie will ask you to v Are you saying that a skinny film critic, Reek Reed (in his first and last major film role) could have a sex change operation and appear as a gorgeous godfather Rakuel Velch ?! The film is becoming more and more difficult when Velch as Mira attempts to take over the film school from her seductive Uncle (played by legendary director John Huston), seduces a student of the movie (Farrah Favcett) and teaches a poor boyfriend (Roger Herren) a lesson he raped with a dildo. Did all of them follow? And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not yet mentioned the top movie star: the legendary screen sex of the thirties, Mae Vest! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she was retiring for 26 years), and apparently still considered it an intimidating sexual symbol while playing a talented talent agent with male men (including young ones) Tom Selleck throws on her. As if it was not bad enough, the ton-deaf West actually performs two novel songs halfway through the film, and I think I may have sustained permanent brain damage from listening to them! Of course, none of this resembles anything that a person of reasonable taste could describe as "good", but I would give MIRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10 because it was morbidly fun even when I had no idea what the hell happened . Also, most actors are trying. Rakewell is particularly perplexing to transform his poorly-written piece into something meaningful that she alone can make a movie worth watching. If she worked only with a decent script and a capable director, then perhaps she finally got some respect from the critics. The rest of the actors are also fine. John Huston (who really needed to direct the picture) has some funny moments, Rek Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Favcett is pleasantly fresh and cute. Roger Herren is also good, but he did not appear in the second film after that (I guess he just could not live as a guy rapped by Rakuel Velch). And as one could have assumed from the above description, Mae Vest completely fell out of her mind when she agreed to this film - but that's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema.
