Looking at this last night, it was surprising that Fox had spent so much money on her and so he returned little to their investment. It's a type of disaster that must be seen to be believed. I'm sure that the first morning of shooting Rakuel Velch purged the shelf through her fireplace to prepare for the Oscar Prize. he would surely have won for this brave original movie. Oops. It did not happen. The conflict on the set was thoroughly written by Rek Reed and it helped the film to gain a reputation before it even was released. When it was finally released, there was no common circus of publicity. If I remember correctly, in Houston it was open to drive-ins and neighboring theaters and never played any of the big spaces. Most guilt I put on director Michael Sarney, who was hot after directing (not all that well) JOANNA, a movie with music about young people in swinging fashion in London. If I remember well, Fok finished with laying off and stacking the best movie they could. Therefore, scenes are displayed without a certain order, and characters appear and then disappear. Impressive support (Kathleen Freeman, Jim Backus, John Carradine, Andy Devine and others) is wasted without any work. To expand it to the length of the feature film, there are a number of clips from Fox movies with stars Carmen Miranda (in incredible footage from THE GANG'S ALL HERE) iLaurel and Hardy, who never dreamed of to play in the Ks rated movie. Ks is due to occasional lingual numerous sexual perversions; However, it seems that none of the characters is fun. Maybe someone with the film had distorted puritan sensibility and felt that if they could make them unattractive, it's not bad to use them. It was one of the "youth" images that almost went bankrupt in Hollywood in the 1970s. One writer joked that EASI RIDER (made for pocket change) was the most expensive film ever made because there were so many films that tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate his success. Sixty, sometimes honorary directors such as Stanley Kramer and Otto Preminger have shot films such as RPM and SKIDOO in an attempt to attract a young audience. White directors and writers tried to attract films to the black audience. These films were locked somewhere in the vault, and the two names and many others from that genre were never, as far as I know, been on a home video or cable. These are deep dark secrets of the study. The performance of Ruckel Velch in this, in all, is very good. With the right direction and script, she could play types of freed women Rosiland Russel and Barbara Stanvick specialized. It looks great and has great costumes. Mae West is the most lively seventeen-year-old actress I've ever seen. On the one hand, it's kinda heartening to see how she's trying to catch her glory from the past years, but I'm sure she needed the money. If you want to see the big budget Ks-rating movie from this era, check the BEIOND THE VALLEY OF THE DOLLS (also from Fox) because it is not taken seriously. These are crazy kids playing with equipment in a large studio. MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is trying to say something. There was nobody who wanted to listen.
