MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is rarely seen from the theatrical release in 1970 and has become synonymous with film debacle legendary proportions. Now, finally on DVD in an unexpectedly handsome package, it is unlikely that today will win a wide audience like it was when it was first released. The best-selling book of Gore Vidal from 1968 was a dark satirical statement. Most filmmakers believe that the story, structure, and total tone of the novel will not be translated into a movie, and industry insiders were surprised when the 20th century Fok not only gained the rights, but also hired Vidal to adapt his novel to the screen. However, the executive directors of the studio soon became cold: Vidal's adaptations were rejected several times, and the journalist and director Michael Sarnea brought the film to portray it on the screen. Study leaders hoped Sarne would come to the youth market they saw as a target for the film, but Sarne showed even more discrepancy with the material than with the managers themselves. Followed by rewriting after rewriting. Actors, feeling disaster, have become all combat. In her DVD commentary, star Rakuel Velch says she rarely had any idea of ​​what Mirini's motifs from scene to scene or even within any scene, and that each person involved made a completely different film. In the accompanying documentary "Back Story", Rek Reed says MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is a film that was filmed by a group of people who hid in locker rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls. The accuracy of these comments shows the film itself. The basics of Vidal's stories are there, but not only is the story cut out of all the broad implications, but it seems that it does not make sense in itself. Everything takes place in several directions, nothing connects, and many scenes undermine every logic that previous scenes could have. While director Sarna repeatedly said in his commentary that he wanted to make the film like a pure Farce, the only laughter that was created was accidental. The main among these disasters is the Mae West. It is true that the West is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and has not lost its way with a single line - but it can not be overlooked that in the 1970s, and convinced that she is still the sexiest trick in the shoes for shoes, it is very disturbing , at least. But even worse is the fact that the West is out of its era. Her efforts to translate into hip and acting figures result in one of the most shameful cartoons ever seen on the film. The remaining composition is largely futile. Rakuel Velch, a significantly understated actress, plays Miru as the main role in the Barbie doll on steroids; Non-actor Rek Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Miron, but the entire role is essentially meaningless. Only John Huston and the kings John Carradine, Jim Backus, Villiam Hopper and Andy Devine come out relatively intact. Yes, it's actually a debacle that everyone involved in the movie was afraid of: it would be fast when it should be slow, slowly when it should be fast, tireless and untouched from start to finish. It's true that the director Sarna has an occasional inspired idea - as in the use of movie spots from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to action - but mostly whenever Sarna got the choice of doing something that he did wrong. How and why this is clearly seen in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarneu did not like the novel or, in general, the subject of the subject. He did not want to write a script, but he needed money; he did not want to direct the film, but he needs money. He makes it clear that he did not like the author of Gore Vidal and Rek Reed (at one point he says smoothly that Reed is "not a good person"), and to this day he believes that Vidal and Reed worked in tandem to sabotage the film because he refused to play in their 'homosexual agenda' - which, when you get to her, it seems that their desire was that Sarne actually insert Vidal's novel, and not his own strange-imaginary flight on him. Although she spends a lot of time on the comments, stating that the film is widely favored by the gay community, Sarne never fully realized that the attraction of the movie to the gaiy audience stems from his funny misinformation of homosexuals. When filmed in tandem with the film itself, Sarne appears more than a little homophobic - and quite frankly, the worst selection of writers and directors who could have been made for this project. Sarne and Velch comments and documentary production, the DVD release includes several trailers and two versions of the movie: the version of the "theater edition" and the "revamped" version. The only difference is that the final scene in the "restored" version is printed in black and white. The changes made before the release of the movie into the general release were not restored, but documentary details of what they were. Videscreen transfers are extremely good and sound is quite good. But to finish where I started, this is truly a movie that will be most interested in film historians, film lovers and cult film lovers. I give them only three out of five stars just because of them, but everyone should go through them. Garry F. Tailor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviever
