MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the few films that immediately established their place in the history of the film. The appreciation for the film is absolutely nonexistent, even from the people who took part in the making of the film. This film was despised from the first day. While everyone will come across someone who will boast a film on philosophical grounds (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgender), the film has not developed a cult that follows some famous flops. It is not praised as a misunderstood masterpiece such as SCARFACE, or it has come to be ridiculed as a classic of the camp like SHOVGIRLS. It is undeniable that the film, although unusually horrible, is not cute, or even cute. MIRA BRECKINRIDGE is common. Like Hollywood satire, she is cold-blooded and subdued, but in an empty way. MIRA takes for granted that Hollivood is a corrupt city, but goes on to attack so loved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judi Garland and Gary Cooper. It seems that the film implies that everything about Hollywood is by nature nature. It seems that he thinks that there is something inherently brave in ridiculing sacred cows, but does not give a sense of ridicule in the first place. The film is also viscous anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-anti-it, but all on the superficial, trendy path of the late 1960s. Like CASINO ROIALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other potential hip epics, MIRA is a medieval vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture. He tries to accept the very attitude that disparages himself. But instead of laughing merrily, MIRA does not try to conceal her contempt for everything in his power. MIRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of the abuser; there is no moment of innocence therein. His intentions are not honorable. He described TIME as "ridiculous as a child abuser," but he is not nearly as sympathetic. For example, poor Mae West had the greatest burden of criticism that was directed at a movie, which is described as looking like everything from an aging queen of aging to a revived corpse. The octogenarian star apparently did not know how ridiculously she looked when she played the lingering talent of an agent who craves for men who are young enough to be her grandchildren or even grandchildren. But director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because it was obviously a joke. Just like John Huston, John Carradine, Gradi Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran performers in the movie, they are just there to make the movie mock their years and use them to destroy their movie images. They are thrown to smash self-parody, such as Rek Reed, an arrogant, feeble-film critic who was cast as exactly in the film. But Reed, the famous hunting dog, jet-set, talk-tape gossip, can be charming in an unusually funny way; but as Miron, Mira-in alter ego, he's just disgusting. Again, obviously for Sarne, Reid is a joke. You watch MIRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, you see the victims. Nothing more than Rakuel Velch. Nobody will ever accuse Velcha of being a great actress, but it is a proof of her persistence and her appeal that she survived this film and that her career had progressed. Since it is in almost every scene, Velch was a front and center as a target of targeting the movie, but it deserves an extremely shiny performance for it. Although, of course, it is centered between landscapes that haunt Huston and the almost catatonic West, Velch does not have much to do to achieve a good balance. Even so, she makes her horrible non-lethal dialogue with a gloomy smile, with only an indication of self-righteous joy that would make any proud James Bond proud. The legend says that Velch was downgraded by the subtlety of the West and was subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by the stupid director Sarne, not to mention that he appeared in one humiliating scene for another, making it even more significant that he was able to give such a cool and collected performance. The only intriguing element of the film is an attempt to understand what the film program is. The whole story is a fantastic fairy tale, which should indicate that it has to deliver, but what might be it is guessing. With all his stories of destroying "the last traces of traditional masculinity from the race," he seems to have a feminist ax. But, as a feminist, Mira is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. In addition, Mira is not a woman, but she is a deception of Miron, who is probably a gay man. This could explain the male scene of rape as well as the relationship of love / hatred towards the sword, apparently flat, stupid Rusty, but this does not explain his / her obsession and the allegedly lesbian rehearsal with Mari Ann Ann Farve Favcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be blamed for sexual revolutions; Everyone is treated as sexy as if, if not dirty, at least perverted and humiliating. Referring to the original novel Gore Vidal is not helpful, as it is equally confusing and meaningless as a movie. And this is a rare movie that actually hates movies. Not only movies, but also films as part of culture. The film itself is a mysterious reference to the old films, and all of this director-screenwriter Sarna is approaching a sublime scorn. He ventured into the movie vaults of the 20th Century-Foca and filmed a movie with clips of old movies, not as a homage or to give a social commentary, but to mock the innocence of old Hollivood. How does an artist - if he generously wants to call Sarne - make an artwork if he already hates the very media he is working in? The effort itself is completely self-defeating. MIRA BRECKINRIDGE looks like it's not for nothing but just a nasty thing. Mr Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates homosexuals and women and men and old people and young people, Laurel and Hardy and, well, the name and probably has a scene that shows contempt for her. In a very sad and sad way, MIRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk manifest, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
