"Mister of Crafts" Celeste works as an agent in the London branch of Interpol Bureau 17, which specializes in (think) occult criminals. She owns Eie of Destiny, well in her hands, dangerous if anyone else has gotten her. Bureau 17 captured Satanists from California, Hide (not related to Dr. Jeckill). Detective Lucy Lutz from LAPD flies to England to return him to the United States. Lutz is a link to earlier Vitchcraft films, previously played by Stephanie Beaton in Vitchcraft 9. In Part 7, Lutz was played by another woman; At 6, Lutz was a man! Lutz's part in 9 was not great, but she's one of the main stars in this one. Though she left high heels and short skirts, she still has top peaks in this. And this time she has bare and sex scenes. Beaton is pretty attractive in the role. As usual, there are a large number of sex scenes. Anonymous gambler has a fatal troika with two vampires, a satanist and a vampire with a head, Lutz finds an English friend, and Celeste and her boyfriend are in love. The main repetitive character of the Wizard series, Vill Spanner, does not appear in this, although Lutz mentions Diabon's agent in a talk about vampires. He also calls his partner Detective Garner (Parts 6, 7 and 9), although we do not hear his end of conversation. Hide came out of jail by a group of vampires led by Raven for a ritual of Valpurgis that has something to do with a god named Morsheba (I think). Hide delivers all of its lines in a very straightforward way, while Raven responds to the stairs. The battle scenes are terribly choreographed. The sound in the movie was pretty badly recorded and poorly arranged. In addition, some dialogue is lost under loud music or sirens. Cinema is not great. Setting up a movie and recording in the UK was something new, at least for this series. Wendy Cooper is very good as Celeste; Attractive, certainly, but more importantly, she is easily the best actor in the film (regardless of the bad scene of the fight). I'm pretty surprised that her filmography is so small. If there ever is a Witch Hunter, and I would bet it would be, it should be returned, even if it means that it will be taken to California! Hotter Than Hell collection together with Vitchcraft KSI and two unrelated films.
