I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 on my local Suncoast, which contained this movie and three more trashy horor flickers (including the "Vitchcraft KSI" extension). Basically, I paid the lowest price of $ 2.50 for this movie, if you are doing mathematics. I can not exactly say they kidnapped me. I have a thing for trashy horror films, but this is a kind of garbage that gives garbage a bad name. The budget can not be higher than $ 1,000 (although it looks like they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but it's not an excuse for completely uninspired camera work. The film "Blood cult", although not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had quite good work with cameras and acting. The acting in this movie is the definition of "effortless", especially from this muscular guy with a Texan accent. Everyone reads their lines from the page. You can understand this figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised that the script was out of the camera as they performed. I said earlier that I had never seen a bad English actor. This movie has a lot of bad ones. And although English films are not always good, they seem to always have at least one level of sophistication, which is why I do not see why any Englishman or English would volunteer to make a home video clip like that. This. Did trader Ivory pending his calls for a vote? I usually think that people are too strict on directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in directing, acting and cinema departments. Even when watching a movie like "Glitter" you can not honestly say that it looks as though a third student had recorded those scenes (although the third class could write the script). I've seen home movies that were shot better than "Witch Ks," and that's no exaggeration. Even worse is minimal, because the filmmakers had only money to buy false blood for sale in Parti Citi. No effort has been invested in making this film - just to summarize it. You have picture. It is a good nudity, although it does not save. However, I must say that a girl with red-orange hair, who is naked or wearing a décolleté-popping outfit through a movie, is really hot! My result: 1 (out of 10)
