After hearing about George Orwell's prophetic masterpiece for my whole life, I now have 37 years, but I never read the book, I'm completely confused about what I just saw. familiar with the concepts of the novel, as I am sure it is the majority, but only through rumors and quotations. Without this limited knowledge, this film would be a complete mystery, and even with that, I'm still not educated for the 1984 story than I was before I watched it. On the plus side. Cinema is incredible, Hurt & Burton brings great performance and the overall feeling of the movie is beautifully dark and abandoned. The prostitute scene was a fantastically dark piece of film. Now for the down side, and there are plenty ... It was to the war, (as for the propaganda), but why and with whom? Nothing has been explained. There are several names to be mentioned (Eurasia, etc.), but without explanation they mean nothing. Who is Winston? what does he do? where does it come from? where does he work? why is it changing news reports? why is not on the front line? Why not eat food in the canteen? What is a drink that drinks through the whole movie? Why is he so weak and sick? Why is not his brain brainwashed like the others? What about his mother and sister? What happened to his father? A little story would be beautiful, without a façade, relevant to those like me who did not read the book. Without it, this is just confusing and difficult to follow an art-house movie that keeps you guessing about what's really going on. Soundtrack is dis-connected and poorly-edited, and the constant chatting from the Big Brother screens breaks the dialogue in places, making it even more difficult to work on what's going on. I accept that this may have been an artistic choice, but it's still very boring. Also, I know this has already been mentioned, but why is all nudity? It seemed completely irreversible and it felt as if it was thrown there to compensate for the lack of any action. I personally can not keep up with the way Hollivood thinks he has to explain words for words these days. We are not all brainwashed, but this is a few steps too far. I can only imagine that you fully rely on the fact that you read the book, because if this film is truly a "literal translation" that I have seen many people say, it would be very difficult for me to understand why in 1984 it was praised. such as a classic. It can not be denied that there were light years ahead of its time and that it had pretty much anticipated any change in our society so far, (perhaps it was some kind of bible for power?), but many scientists from Scientific fantasies did the same, leaving no holes in the story. I guess I have to do what I was supposed to do from the beginning and buy a copy. All in all, I'm very disappointed in something I've waited for years to watch.
