I saw this film literally immediately after the book was finished, perhaps it was a neutral idea or very stupid. I think this is the second. First, it was incorrect in many small, but important details. One of the first things I noticed was during Vinston's everyday life in his work, his conversations, they ate in a cafeteria, and so on. He feels free to look unhappy and gives suggestive views to people without a huge fear. One of the most important parts of the book was that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even the hint of his true emotions on his face IN ANYONE. This is also shown in scenes on the streets of the proletariat. In the book, Winston knew that this was a huge risk of wandering there and was skeptical and frightened on every journey. While in the film, he does it so often and without fear, losing an important feeling of grave control and risking it right away. Other minor inaccuracies included Vinston that hides his diary in the wall, Yes, a very small change, but raises the question, what's the point? There was also the most unpleasant thing the director can do with the book, which is the morphing of characters. Great inaccuracies, however, were very disturbing. First of all, one of the important parts of the book is that the Big Brother government is based on intelligent, yet brutal philosophy. In the movie, they skip and immediately turn to the idea that the government leads Hitler with technology. What is the truth, in a certain sense, when it is directed to its fascism, but if that's all you get from the Big Brother, you've really missed the meaning of the book. The scary thing at Big Brother is that, in a way, there are some points behind its philosophy. When O'Brien chooses Vinston's mind at the Ministry of Love, he listens to everything that Winston says against Big Brother. The fact that he hears, and progresses in his philosophy, is in fact what is most scary and intriguing. In the end, (carefully ahead) when Winston says he loves the Big Brother, it's terrifying that you are not sure if there was a brutal beating and torture that caused this, or the real power behind philosophy. In no way do I say that Big Brother's philosophy has points that I like, but his intelligence and depth make this book incredibly disturbing. Also, so that anyone could feel any connection between Juliet and Winston in the movie? It was terrible, without any connection. And where was O'Brien before he gave his address to Winston? One of the things that carried the book was Vinston's thoughts on O'Brien BEFORE he came into contact with him. In the movie, they just jump out of the gun. But it can be concluded why this film was a terrible adaptation: because it's impossible not to jump the gun and transform it in less than two hours. How can anyone think that this movie can be watched in less than two hours? At the very least, the movie requires 3 hours to capture some of the important moods and connections. Everything is less meaningless. If you loved the book, and I think that she really loved her, you will not approve this movie, and chances are you already know that you will not. Because the book is unfilmable, and this film only proves that it's impossible to get something decent into a small movie. Two stars of ten
