I did not really like the first "Cube" movie. It was a good idea, but boring acting and characters always kept me from getting too much. I did not really feel the need to see his sequel, but when I heard that they were making a third movie that will act more like the predecessor to the original. I was intrigued, thinking that it might fix some of the original problems and give us unforgettable actors. So I thought wrong. "The Cube of Zero" is running well enough, introducing us with two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the endless labyrinth of traps that tortures people in Kocka. Film makers are able to provide a sense of mystery by establishing a daily routine of two men. It raises several questions about why people are sent there and the true nature of those who conduct the entire operation. All this is completely left to the viewer. The acting was a bit weak, but in the first place, the first half of the film moved relatively well. As the story moves, one of the two "observers" begins to develop serious doubts about what it is doing. And later he decided to go and help a group of people captured. Here everything is beginning to dissolve into boring cheese. Sent from people who run the Cube program, we meet with the character "Jak". Together with two subordinates, the main reason why this film is a failure. To begin with "Strong" it seems that the story is more like a third-person criminals taken directly from the James Bond movie along with a "popular" glass eye, which only destroys every atmosphere that has created a pretty good speed in the first half. Moreover, it starts to feel more like a comedy than a serious film. With some incredibly loose lines, the screenwriter may have been bored and did not care. The acting itself degrades to a further level when the former "observer" meets with the group in Kocka. The whole interaction is painful to watch as well as everything else that follows. Again, if you do not impress nothing but bad characters, the dialogue and acting "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those who are looking for a good horror movie.
