but "Cinderella" gets my voice, not only because of the worst films about Disney's princesses, but also because of the worst film that the company made during Valt's life. The music is truly beautiful, and the story deserves to be called "classic". What fails in this movie are characters, especially the title character, which in the weakest sense can be called "heroin". After a short prologue, the audience gets to know Cinderella. . She wakes up in the morning and sings "Dream is the desire of your heart." It establishes itself as an idealist (and so deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us the idea of ​​what she dreams about. Freedom from the role of a servant? Respect for her family? Somebody to talk to except mice and birds? In one song (cut from the film, but presented in a separate chapter of the latest DVD) Cinderella connects her desire that there can be many, so she can do her job more effectively. Go girl! In short, Cinderella is a very gentle character. She passively accepts the abuse of her family, fleeing to her unspoken dreams of relief. She once claims to remember her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. She is given a permit to go to the ball if she finishes housework and find something for training, a symbolic gesture that is certainly absurd to everyone except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as such a mats? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. The Prince of Cinderella does not get a dialogue and there is almost no time for the screen. We did not get any indication whether he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or anything else. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) is well dancing. Even the Prince of Snow White was at least singing a romantic song. Not only does this lack of development makes the romance less interesting, it makes the Cinderella look either as a social climber or an idiot, weakening its already low attraction. the animators decided to show too much time a comic relief film, Cinderella's friends, mice. Of course, these characters are fun. Yet, when a comic relief steals a show from the director, let's just say that your story has some problems. Dinsei likes to declare all its animated features "masterpieces". Although many of them, there are some who do not deserve this apology in any way. Cinderella is the best example of this fact.
