After publishing Cube 2: Hipercube (2003) and playing the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), Ernie Barbarash's director has the freedom to bring us the third sequel in the trilogy, beaten by Cube Zero. Deep in the guts of a giant and impersonal institution, time and place unknown, two low-ranking operators, Vinn (Zachari Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit and watch the behavior of people who were housed in a vast network of cubic chambers, some of which equipped with traps for death. Saying that people watching the convicted criminals who chose this terrible and deadly temptation for a deadly injection, these observers had no problems with their work, while Vinn, a mathematical genius, did not disclose that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) she never agreed to be placed in the cube. Suddenly it is understood that perhaps their "jobs" are not what they look like and that they can be part of something very sick and distorted ... For people who have seen and enjoyed the original cube, the batter is probably not going to be according to your taste. It's not that the story has no potential; Simply, the first cube film should never have been expanded. I stand, it's a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and certainty about your own message. It was also very self-sufficient. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the mysticism of the original, trying to answer questions with more questions, but only resulting in the creation of disorder that was never needed for repair. What is this new film about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, are certainly good questions to be raised, but they should probably do their own merits, not as a continuation of a film that is not had such a tendency. Recalling this, the other features of the film, such as acting and direction and writing, are not terrible. The film is a luminous, dark look that resembles that of the movie such as "Matrix" and "Dark Citi", and they certainly managed to regain the claustrophobic sense of the first Cube. Unfortunately, for Barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save him.
