If you've ever wanted to see a movie that emphasizes style over content, this is for you. For me, the Sin de Mar is nice to the SEE, but there is a valuable little substance, unless mavkish, melodramatic, manipulative love yarn does not involve you. This may be one of those famous "chickens" that you've heard so much about. Almost halfway through this film before anything happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) comes out to sea looking for tuna and does not return, leaving his wife, Martina (Leonor Watling), and a son to take care of themselves. Then, in an angry six-minute display, Bury Ulisses, Martina gets married again, and her son grows out in the middle of childhood. This fast transposition is, at the very least, disturbing and very messy: after 40 minutes more or less hanging around, suddenly we became full of melodrama, all in six minutes. I think this is called a rude narrative pacing. Five years later, Ulises (as in the wandering super-hero of Ulisses, grasp it?), returns to her "Penelope" (Watling) only to find that she is married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), inexplicable rich guy (what does he do because of all this?) Which inexplicably keeps crocodiles like pets. When Martina, in a great anger, poses the question of Ulises about his absence, he tells her that she will one day take her to Sumatra Island and that she will understand ALL. And here's the stuff: he DOESN Take it to the island of Sumatra. The reference dies somewhere in the script. He does not really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. He is not recognized as an honest guy, and the movie does not fill the holes that watch us at least half the film. I can only assume that director Bigass Luna wants to fill the stories with mystical traces (fish, reptiles, the sea) that he offers through a breath-taking film and avoiding dialogue. It just does not work. The narrative "arc" on this film looks more like uncluttered clothes. I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I just could not buy his Ulises as any kind of hero (which should have been original Uliks). With a wet sensuality, he pronounces a short stroke of identical poetry from Vergilia about 2,000 times and every time he excites Martin to an explosive orgasm. This type should be rented to revive the stale marriages. I'm sure Virgil would be impressed. He did not show it so often, as I understand it. This poetic "device" has a prominent place in the film, and I had no choice but to assume that it was a full turn of Ulisses's famous "siren song" (i.e., beautiful girls singing seductively on the far side) sailors who were doomed to failure if they responded to the call. If that's what Bigas Luna intends, you can see the problem - he offers tangible symbolism in an attempt to capture and capture high art. Once again, it just does not work, at least in my eyes. Vatling is a lovely and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character that does not seem to have many intellectual or even romantic depths. It's beyond me that she could desperately fall in love with a guy who has a sporty face on the face (as in an empty one), 1960's oily hair that looks more like seaweed, and one of those trendy beards of the 21st century. '(you know, four days of growth, no more, no less). He said that he is a type of dreamy guy (I think), but his eyes suggest that he may suffer more from exaggerated exposure to a meaningless letter. But do not despair, this movie is great for watching. Just do not try to link points on red haringa or to think too much about what you hear in the dialogue. You can quickly lose promotion on this movie (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you will not really miss much.
