Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Tovnsend, the star, with this strange little terrible drama with apparently very good ideas and intentions: make a gay film that takes a different story from a normal ride and a drama that wants to be judged by merit as a thriller. Then why not work? To begin with, the film loses its direction from the opening of the frame and walks quite nakedly throughout the film, is dead on making a strained trilogy, but bypasses to satisfy the audience who wants to see the goals of the encounters. Not that it is a bad thing: it can certainly improve some films that have been Hollywood success. The film also attempts to talk about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, disturbed parenting, a club scene with all the wild ludos that accompany such events - and murders. It's all that a lot to get into a 96-minute movie. Devon (James Tovnsend) seems to be a successful kid with a nice girl Jenny (Sarah Kelly), but she has around Boys and Visits at least where she meets Brian (Alec Wilson) who was on the same path and Can offer Devon help at all levels. Devon goes out, and mysteries begin: boys are missing in the neighborhood, Devon's father psychologist Dr. Kirk Tiler (Daylight) is not what it looks like, despite Devin's consoling mother Donna (Sonja Fisher), Devon was thrown into the streets for his new relationship. It looks like Dr. A tiger in a dark business with boring detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who obviously explores missing boys ... Devon is collecting his resources from his girlfriend to understand Jenna and her friends and together discover the dark works of Dr. Tiler and his detective. Through all of this, Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. Some of the actors are happy with the eye (and there is little eye that is not studying often!), But the degree of action is low at all times. The only thing that makes us forgiving (and in some cases too too poor to forgive) is the sense of commitment of all involved. Yes, this is a film with a low budget and that, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end, there is something that could be said about the people involved to try to take a gai film at a different level. Perhaps their next will be more smooth. Builds Harp
