On the summer blockbuster hit BASEketball (1998): "This is one of those movies that are usually seen on the big jumbo-tron display at the sports bar during the day - when everyone is pretty drunk. Unfortunately, I was sober when I saw this film. "So quoted the late Gene Siskel for this poor, presumed" iukfest "that came out two weeks after being superior" There Something About Mari "in one winning game in July" Mari "was rough the collision, but in addition to many gags, she had a lot of hearts, which made her the strongest comedy og unforgettable year. BASEketball tried to surpass Mari, but in some ways it fell. You take the creators of South Park, Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who are luckily not behind the movie, but in front of the camera, the only member of the ZAZ David Zucker who desperately needed a salary, and the other two Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker obviously stayed out or they probably warned him about the image of the younger younger Ernest Borgnina, now 90-year-old, spending his precious time in his prominent career, dying at the hot dog and singing "I'm Too Seki" while recording his will, Jenni McCarthy, who It has little screen time like Borgna's untrained trophy the widow is young enough to be his grandson, the larger female part of Iasmine Bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose accusations are young from the poor, and only an interesting and significant player in this party, Robert Vaughn as a corrupt archiver, and meaningless cameos would be "Airplane!" alumni Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack who looked nostalgically for the masterpiece of the 1980s and much more fresh humor created by the ZAZ family. What do all these people do? The frustrating team and the team are trying to replicate "Avion!" humor and mixing with the roughness of "South Park", but not in every way. To make this long 100 minute short film, BASEketball, the real game invented by David Zucker and His friends in his hometown of Milwaukee, speak of two lazy losers (Parker and Stone) and their common a friend of the size of a pint that invents baseball and basketball (hence the title) together at the door of the house. After Borgnine dies, he left ownership of his BASEketball team, Milwaukee Beers Parker and Stone. Of course, the game goes nationally, and Archivists Vaughn and McCarthy want to take ownership of the Beers team. But Bleeth is in love with both men, especially Parker, and a poor, sick bullet requiring transplantation of the liver, who oversees it. These are characters that are not strongly developed. Now there are meaningless calculus. Among them are blood, hair electroshock, throwing eggs and screaming. Parker and Stone almost kill a young man in a hospital, but he goes through liver transplantation. Borgnine sings and rubs fat on his chest in a video clip. McCarthy, who, apparently, immediately died from Borgna's death, choking right away, quickly massaging Vaughn in the next scene. The fans are dancing in squalid suits. There are plenty of music on the sound that is playing for the hearing. And David Zucker forces parodies to "Riverdance" and "Titanic". Parody is nothing new for ZAZ, post "Airplane!" and the series "The Naked Gun". Like Siskel, I was sober, but I was asleep. This film should be released over and over again in roughly covered bar patrons who enjoy while drinking beer, but will they remain cautious and awake, or fade during immature parts? If they fail, they will not realize that happiness lacks nonsense and absurdity. Get off of them!
