This movie really, I mean really, shit. It has large holes that are so large, and a 30-foot dragon can fit through them. Not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst computer-generated image ever put on the movie. I mean, when you see something like this, you have to think "Wow, somebody actually made this movie, then he let it go. Whoever they are, I'm sure they no longer work in a movie business. When I'm hired this movie, it was not on DVD, so I (unwillingly) got out the video. The first thing that came up was the Trailer of the Lord of the Rings, for two towers, this was a very smart move, putting this trailer on the video. This justifies (reluctantly) giving the film 1 star, otherwise I would give it a zero star. Perhaps the producers, although the star would attract Dean Cain (I think it's then they used the split-screen technique (like in Hulk) to (I guess) make up for what this is a crime. On the cover of the box , we see the image of our hero and dragon. Does the dragon look like the one in Dragonheart, or is it just me? In any case, the dragon in the film seems to be discarded from Gremlin 2, and has a CGI Nintendo video game from the early 90's (possibly worse). Also, do not move dragons while searching for their victims - this is the same F ## zinc monotone movement - right leg, left foot, right leg left leg, home, home, home DOM, DOM F # $ king DOOOOOM! This only irritates me. Perhaps the filmmakers thought it was exciting and would have the same effect as Javs. Then why not capture the Dragon POV. Either way, it was just funny, just like watching Veebl toon. Dean Cain gives many confused views during the film (he may have reconciled with the fact that this film could end his career). Do not expect Superman. The first time I saw a trailer for this movie, I thought it was an addition to the PS2 game. As for the story, it's so bad, my five-year-old brother can come up with a better one when he is unbelievably trying to lie about why he was crawling in my room until I was there. Oh, and did I mention that I'm F @ # KING HATE PEOPLE WHAT IS ITS UNKNOWN STUPID STUPID CROP ATROCIOUS FILM? !!!
