... and not in a good way. BASEketball is scattering the movie in almost every way. It's offensive to all senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad films, really bad movies before, and I'll see them again. Although BASEketball is a caliber film, regrets take you ninety minutes of life. The reason BASEketball is insulting me is that they play Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. Every respect I had for David Zucker has been exhausted for a long time. His recent bribery films are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made of boys before puberty who are joking on penis jokes. "Avion" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, watching BASEketball surprise you when you discover that it was made by the same person. I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These people are the funniest and smartest comedians in today's fun party. Their images and episodes of the South Park are just as relevant as funny. Every joke even the jokes have intelligence behind them. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I guess BASEketball was a big growing experience for them because they hated the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid chaos without the feeling of dignity or class. Parker and Stone were basically mocking. The movie is played as a 90-minute episode of Famili Gui. Parker and Stone were never great actors. They are in their movies. I can not find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except for the fact that they feel like they are lying to the film about the lying that lies about a lie movie. Each line is delivered in such a stupid way. They seem to be trying to mock the worst of these images, yet they are becoming the same way. I recall the South Park episode "How to eat with your ass" where Cartman sits in the cinema watching a rough comedy with no complication or credibility, except in roughness. for the whole picture. It's really sad. But it's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest remark in the picture is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone consciously follow this piece of shit. I know that if they took the damn thing and processed it could have been saved to the point of view. There is no indication that Zucker let them improvise. Parker and Stone are just a tool for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to take Zuckers' script, could work it out more. Instead, we get insignificant humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can laugh at watching a group of students who are joking around
