When you want the dragon to eat each member of your head, you know you're in a bad run. I entered with very, very low expectations, by reading some other comments, and was not down. However, unlike some other cheap and unsuccessful films, this really does not remain ridiculous (and unintentionally) ridiculous. -SPOILERS NEXT - First of all, the land is very inconsistent. Looking at the "small" mistakes, such as the rise of the dragon for 3 hours, the whole idea on which it is based is wrinkled. You see, the movie wants to believe that the dragons came from a meteor-like universe that really had dragon eggs. After explaining this, they showed some peasant how to go into one with their villas and the dragon jumps out. Later, the obligatory "crazy scientist" is concerned about how the dragons have survived the dinosaurs. Apparently, people were in the vicinity when they were dinosaurs, or we have a little hole here. The other main thing is that the lab has been airborne with a force of "half as strong" as it used for Hiroshima. Then two guys go in later to check everything, and it's almost unharmed! There is another dragon, which grew from who knows what. All in all, it is very predictable. As soon as the guy mentioned cloning, I assumed he would clone a dragon. This means that our g. The smart-pants security tip is not as intuitive and smart as the film would have believed if you ignored that I knew this movie would be, you know, dragons. By putting it aside, the second worst thing are "special effects". Others mentioned fake rocks falling at the beginning, a CG helicopter and a dragon. She looked a bit better than a clod, but ruined everything that was for her when she rode down the hall in the same way. To their credit, the flying dragons were initially in line from a distance (although the one in the cave is probably the worst in the whole movie.) However, these things are ridiculous. Scenes showing millions of different images of the same person in different ways are not. Neither are "introductory" screens with vital statistics. Coming to the actors, they were not the best, but I suppose they tried at least? They seemed more enthusiastic about what many actors have done in recent BloodRaine, for example, and you have to give them points for it. One thing I noticed was that the woman playing Meredith often had a face covered with makeup, which was a lot of tones lighter than others. She looked as if she was getting a little familiar with some white face. The script is bad and messy. You really do not notice the music, but it's actually not so bad. The bottom line is that you do not watch if you do not want to see it because you hear it bad (like I am, although the only funny things are bad effects of CG. Besides, do not waste your time and money.
