I gave this film 5 of pure pity. My intention is not to smash anyone, because I have seen, as I have read other comments, that this film is highly appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth the praise, and I say it because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this film is deeply embarrassing. Maybe if you only see Shinobi, you may like it. It is pleasant because of well-choreographed battles, based on fantasy more than on martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deepened. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that when anime / manga is turned into a movie, a certain change has to be made. I did not expect to see strange characters from the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some are truly deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see the huge and incorrect changes that basically destroy the whole story. Characters that are dramatically and unethically crippled may be transformed into something that the public might prefer. For example, Oboro, who is an innocent sweet, innocent girlfriend, completely and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vindictive clan leader in the film. I liked the fact that a woman became strong and avoided the restrictions imposed on her by the era (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but the changes in the mood are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the movie, but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, is becoming a pathetic girl who is not only crazy in love as anime, but more or less worthless in plot. I could continue and continue, as Tenzen made, the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, extremely weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke, the leading figure, seems completely lost and confused, not to mention again, VEAK again. The music is beautiful and the picture is astonishing, which was expected from a Japanese film, and I'm glad about that. But do not look at this if you've seen and enjoyed the Basilisk, because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and greatly exaggerated, is great and has much more depth in its characters, stories, historical value and that is, I say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe he kept going after what was supposed to be the highlight. Unfortunately, it hurts me to judge the film so sharply, but I advise you to do it. Please watch anime, or at least first watch a movie, then correct your picture of what Basilisk really is watching anime. Otherwise, you will have an attack when you realize how they were massacred.
