I guess today this film is relevant because it was an early Sofia Loren movie. She was 19 years old when the film was shot in 1953. I watched this movie because I wanted to see some of Sophia Loren's early works. I was surprised when she came to the camera that her skin became bronzed in brown makeup to resemble the Ethiopian princess. Certainly, today this would be considered scarce and should be avoided in film production. In fact, it became embarrassing to see Mrs. Loren in the color of the skin through the entire film. Yes, this movie would have been better made to make real opera singers record this movie. Then it would obviously be singing and real gestures of real artists. I reject the comments of others about whether the real opera singers are older and weigh heavily. As beautiful as Mrs. Loren was 19 years old and still today, the movie would be better received as though they were being performed on the scene. After all, we do not see nice young people on stage with a backstage of "old opera singers" singing behind the curtain! Do not give up the success of using heavy opera singers. It is only necessary to call on an art television commercial for company J. G. Ventvorth, and opera singers on the professional scene sing praises for the company's product. This is one of the best and most entertaining TV commercials ever. The quality of the film's print makes this production a little lower quality. The color is rather faded and can not be helped. In order to improve this film on DVD, the production house should add subtitles in English so that we, who do not speak Italian, can know what the text is saying. It would help the story and learn more from a narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction to the scene. Watch this movie not because of the story of Aidi, nor because of the fact that this is an opera. Except Ms. Sophia Loren, none of her actors are known or remembered by this writer. Instead, watch this movie if you are a lover of Mrs. Loren and want to see her at age 19 - no matter what the production. Larry from Illinois
