It's a shame that Greta Garbo finished her famous career at the age of 36 with this funny misconception. Garbo reunited with his leading man Melvin Douglas for the story at the level of comedy that she likes Karin Borg, an instructor of the skiing school, and the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubich's masterpiece "Ninotchka" (1939), where she was an ideal actress as a strict Russian envoy. Jane, who impulsively marries publisher Larry Blake, when he became unsettled. Once he clarifies that the job is his priority, Karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high-grade twin sister Katherine to test her husband's faithfulness when she returns to Manhattan. It is surprising that this notorious leap in 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who brought Garba to the 1937 greatest dramatic performance in Camille, because it is a rude vehicle such as could imagine the legend of the screen. Only someone with a natural sense of ease and malice with Carole Lombard could get out with models that S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. The intention of MGM behind this comedy was to overcome and Americanize Garb's image for the war audience for which the heads of the studio felt that they were not interested in the tragic characters that she enjoyed in the thirties. However, Garbo seems to be a bad lightness mainly as a fake girlfriend of Catherine and especially in comparison with professional farceurs such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as Griselda's rival. It was photographed by Josip Ruttenberg, and Garbo seems tired in many scenes and is disgusted in her teased haircut for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical string in which Larry tries to maneuver skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately remind me of the death of Sonia Bonn. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this time of their career) appear in comic support of role as Douglas associates. This film is not on DVD yet, and I would not consider it a priority in transfer because it represents a career in Garbo or a legendary career. Allegedly she was rather unhappy during the shooting. I see why.
