You may be a little confused if you are looking at this stupid thing from the beginning, since the loans quote Susan Dei as "Special Guest Star". Um, why would this one-time shirt have a guest star? Well, if you stick with that, you will find that you pay attention to a little bit other than Ms. Dee's ass, to move in a floral bikini, because the "Partridge family" is knocking a baby on the beach that this imaginative title alludes to. Susanne derriere is particularly striking when she shakes her camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-dissatisfied brother in a mildly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her tush fight for a lost battle: a triumphal TV lunatic that may have put the bottom across the top was three years of rest, so sweet prey gets only the role of support. 1976. Fred Freddy Silverman would put it behind and use this film as Susan's audition bar for Charlie's Angels. As it is, our Susan was deprived of the immortality of cheese and had to satisfy himself with a very valuable career that played dark, neurotic women. The view above Susanna's heinie, it must be said, is not very convincing. Nature is beautiful and photographed in a bizarre, foggy way that briefly deceives you into thinking that there may be some weird creative intelligence behind the job behind the camera. Nope. It's just a typical uncertain 70-year-old thriller that made the weekly stars in the series do extra money (and collect some of the rest of the cables, although apparently at that time they did not know) and show their "range." "Here we refer to a nuclear family on a television scale, which is reflected by television silversmiths who can not decide whether motorcycle gangs or hippie cults (so the authors of the film divided the difference by putting them in queens) and never learned one of the primary lessons 1970s television: do not mess with Dennis Veaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel"). The only potential for depth in this film is in the aforementioned Steve's teenage character, played by a long forgotten (if ever remember) Kristofor Tabori, who needs to be Rebellious and upset, and he can feel sympathy and attractiveness, a helpless mob that was (allegedly) threatened by his family. But Steve, how did Tabor play him (God, why did not we see more of this vunderkind?), It's just a silly and crazy and it's not a bit confusing when the big D becomes serious and pulls the line into a proverbial (and literally) sand. For deprived sleep and Susan Deiniacs (there must be one of you there).
