When this movie is played on television, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special to see here. The story is about two married couple from Arkansas who together go on their way to Reno. The number one pair is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billi Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-confidence about her and for a long time was not intimate. Lonnie sleeps with Candi (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend Roi Kirkendall (Patrick Svaize). Everyone drives to Reno and the four of them stay in a luxury apartment. Roi and Candi try to get a baby and eventually Candi finds out she's pregnant. But Roi calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out he's sterile. Candi and Lonnie confess their affair, and now it's a whole trip to the chaos. The film was directed by Jordan Brady, and he made several other low-budget films, but this is his first film with an impressive actor. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comic talent, but you can not blame him. This script is simply not funny, and one of the most important problems is that all the characters are written on the sitcom level. Just because everyone from the south does not mean they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character has no sophistication to address the boss more than one dollar. And Svaize's character is called stupid and stupid by everyone in the film and one of the rare good times comes when he asks everyone to fire him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute, and this is a completely worthless and meaningless game. She barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she fulfilled her commitment to Harvey and Bob Veinstein, who are executive producers of this film. The only person who is not really bad is Richardson. We look at how it becomes more confident in itself, but this film in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors should know better and it's hard to understand that everyone read the script and liked it. It's totally a waste of time for these actors, but they're at least paid. As far as spectators are concerned, you do not pay by skipping this one!
