It seemed that the script (David H. Steinberg) initially had some real smart spots that could make a good romantic comedy, OR OR, but dear! What ever happened on the road ??? !!!! I'll tell you what happened. It was originally (Animal House - 1978) and (Porki's - 1982). Although it was a long time ago, these are pioneers, the new genres of the new genre: a rough teen comedy. Then came the nineties. After the important cases that became the hits (I refused to add them) such as Problem Child - 1990, (Dumb and Dumber - 1994), (Nutti Professor - 1996), and (Something About Mari - 1998) which I consider to be they were influenced by slackers, was the top of the era and the prophet of the next era, one and only: (American Pie - 1999) which is undeniably and incomparably the genre icon. After that, I think that every such comedy must be so dirty that the cum laude is nasty, that it is admirable to young people, otherwise it can be out of fashion! I believe that (Slackers) had a Smart Plot first as a script, then its creators had to add some great amount of: rudeness, impurity, unusual sexless sex that - at that time - would be easy as a pie ! As if they had to fill every scene with free elements such as: masturbation, oral sex, urinating .. etc. They are completely unnecessary elements of the story, but certainly they are so much needed to earn money and capture the latest fashion in making teen comedies. The problem is that all this has already been replaced by every possible comedy in it. Some of his moments seemed to be literally terrible, and that's the point. Everything is in appearance and performance (Jason Schvartzman); unforgettable disgusting. Thus, ambition turned from romantic comedy to what was not done before pure images. To be more like a horror where you constantly ask; what will happen? (vomiting, farting, etc.); This is the easiest combination to create a comedy today. Although even if you hate him, you have to love something (mostly because you are brave), for me it was just the scene of Gina Gershon. Whatever it was, they designed it as a whole to become a crime-for-the-moment, like the ill-fated dream of adolescents. Although most of it was close to any nightmare. What disappointed me was that this one in my heart was a real potential business, and not another cheap, another stupid comedy as it eventually succeeded. Remember the details of the theft of the exam (the first 2 minutes) so that the main movie of the film (the freak tries to get to the girl by blackmailed cool boys) through the pattern (the boy likes the girl, and the girl likes the other boy) is nothing but honesty. It dealt with his material, which would have made a bunch of dirty boys in college, who had nothing to do except for cats' utterances. It ended as if it were, and I'm sorry to say that, smiling! In the end he said something (can you imagine!) About how time and place are too. To beat or weaken, completely like this comedy. It sounds good and ends up for a completely better movie; which could provide my opinion of this as a smart one. Once! And it does not take much to understand that the creators of this film were real lazy! Perhaps the stupidity is a way to be smart in Hollywood, but even if ... The final result here was not at all witty in any sense of the word. PS: His scriptwriter (David H. Steinberg), who wrote the story about (American Pie 2), has the main IMDb page where you will find "Additional Details". His usual "Plot Keywords" are: Sek / Vulgariti / Crude Humor / ... They simply forgot to write urine while being showered or baring 70-year-olds!
