Slackers is just another teen movie that really is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sava), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are ready to graduate at Holden University with honors in lies, cheats and intrigue. Three roommates proudly deceived their way through the last four years of college, and now, during the final exams, these large people on the campus will be arrested by the most incredible man in the school. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to look at this, unless you want to close your brain a little. Slackers is just a predictable movie that does not add anything new to this genre. Comedy in Slackers is either hit or miss, but there is no real real or funny moment in the movie. It's actually just a collection of gags, and some are actually quite fun. Although for every joke he does, there are at least eight others who do not. The scenario is full of penis and chest jokes that some high school students and students can enjoy. Even if it does, it will probably not remember this film after a while, because its comedy is not unforgettable. Jason Schwarzman plays Ethiopian freaks and after appearing in some good comedies, he went down very low. Jaime King and Devon Sava remained the main stars, but they do a pretty bad job in this movie. This was directed by Devey Nicks and this is his first film so you can not blame him too much. The most entertaining character was probably Laura Prepon, but she is not in the movie. The film is very short and lasts only 86 minutes, but it can be too long for some people who do not like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst movie in 2002, but it's certainly below average. Compared to other films in the genre, there's much better there, such as "Not Another Teen Movie", "American Pie" and its sequels, Scari Movie 1 & 2, etc. So unless you've seen most of them and are looking for something new then Slackers might fit into that account, but you'd better look at something else. Score 4.3 / 10 below average teen comedy worth skipping.
