There are many movies that have set up the release dates, only to be pulled out of distribution due to the legal power of some kind, and then put in limbo for a long time. You can only wish a movie that's broken as Slackers stayed in a coma for what's worth, which is inconvenient. Release dates were constantly changing for this truly awesome movie that is so important to the radar it deserves. This premise is launched under the guise of Ethan, a creepy nerd with a terrifying obsession for the Angelus campus bomb. Ethan Devil assigns help from David and his friends who have deceived the school throughout the race with the students to help win Angela. I do not like to give a spoiler, but for this shit they can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan deliberately screws up, good guys win. This is what happens in the shortest terms for another tired reconstruction of the teenage genre. Horrible humor is ridiculous, it has always returned to the days of the immortal classic "Animal Houses", such as "Contemporary" like "There Is Something About Mary" and "Travel" among dozens of others, of which it is too much to mention. But when you use it as a plot, you can only get it so far, in this case, Ethan has an Angel Angel made up of her individual hair strands, of which he knows what is with her. No one wants to testify to seeing Ethan how to urinate in the shower while singing to himself. Nobody wants to watch a young man singing "She's gonna come up the mountain" with a sock on a penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full visual attack when you see that the bomb is 50 years old. I do not know if this is a lack of coherence of the story, which is reduced to scenes that do not make any sense. Director Devey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after viewing this movie, you can just want to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is that you look like having fun, because you're reducing your goals, just like Slackers, by burying your contour plots beneath a pile of rough rubbish, meaningless vignettes, and a lack of construction. It's like a bunch of student students drunk, took a camcorder and recorded a bunch of random shit and put it together. If you want to see a teenage comedy that's really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something fun, not terribly bad as "Slackers". Accidentally, Cameron Diaz makes a comedy in this film, just as she did in another bad movie like The Sveetest Thing, in which the story treats quick humor as another action instead of a device similar to this disaster. Slackers "in a local video, just keep on walking and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
