I usually do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I have to. I spoke about the taste in yet another review, saying that everything is in the eye of an observer, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means you have a bad taste. I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is almost unknown black and white film. I liked even "Scream" and "Scari Movie", which I liked because they had, if not a lot, at least something good in them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I watched because they are telling a story I have not heard before, and most directors make only movies with a good story. Through this film, I thought, "Where is this going on?" (even at the end) "Where did these terrible actors get from"? "Was it supposed to be a joke?" and similarly. With an apparent reversal, I was skeptical, but I was hoping to "make" a movie and prove that I did not spend my time. I'm sorry. The story was bad for the beginning, and the craft actually destroyed every ray of hope. Here's the rundovn: Storiline ?? similar to the first film, which was fine, this is slow and scanty, without regard to characters or situations. The situations are fragile and shallow and completely boring and predictable. The inspiration was terrible, it did not make me feel like excitement or VOV. Just "My God." In the big part of the movie, there was nothing you could look back on and think that "Oooo was not so smart" because he did not. In the "Battle Club", in the end, there are flashes showing the parts where Tyler's true identity was crypto-displayed, and when you looked at him again when you saw more, it really was the work of genius, as it was written, set up and directed. This was a senseless attempt to make a terrible turn. I think it was "wild things" that are like a pretty poor double tweet and I still liked the movie because the rest was fine and did not make too much effort to be a great craft. As the writer CI2 thought it would be the best craft ever. But really, his bad story with bad screwing in the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, while Sebastian's entire story remained empty, which meant that nothing meant that he was half-strained, paedophile ended with a particularly young and innocent actress. Gluma ?? actors in this movie are terrible. Almost as bad as "Sunset Beach". - Extremely banal and poorly performed. It's not even so bad it's as good as Hunk. The worst thing I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn, it was a rigid, pathetic and badly designed version. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not seen "American Psicho II" yet, but no doubt his cool "cool" style ruined this film. I can not even say that this is a good movie for teenagers, as it is not. If my son or daughter liked this movie, it would be embarrassing for me. But they would not, anyway, because they would consider all the things that make a good movie, which this film does not have. Really. I'm disappointed that some have said "you may not be in the age group for this movie, and you do not like it". All the movies I like now like I loved a teenager and I had a very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20+, suddenly you do not like some story about a teenage story? Not. I liked "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies, and I'm constantly watching "Beverly Hills 90210". There is no excuse for poor directing, acting and scripting. In addition, I was 16/17 when I first watched it. If nothing else, be older you only make you a better judge of a terrible film. I can not believe that nobody can give 10/10, one of my favorite films is "Memento" and I gave it as I know it can be better. It's a shame for this site that people do it, give 10s flippant, or do not get movies / shows, so give it to 2. Everyone who loves this movie really needs to vary their taste, and maybe their lives, and thus realize that this is the worst movie ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") If you are not a teenager with a bad taste, or you just do not have a bad taste, you'll absolutely hate this movie.
