Okay, normal, I'm not so sharp in the sequel, especially if the first film was well-performed and in the end was a good movie. As for 1999, I feel that one of the first five films was the Cruel Intentions. He had everything a big movie should have, except for the original story, because the adapted from the novel is still damn good. He did this Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be the only opening for a movie-based series called the manchester prep. What did not happen. Actually, after I've seen this little movie, I can understand it. Before the thing started, I was as writer and director Roger Kumble. Well, 1 minute into this movie I was disappointed. It begins with the reopening of the original with a different Sebastian band, instead of putting a hidden daughter naked image on the net and putting the school director's school director in the school's goal. It would be okay for the lady to not be as 50. And basically the rest of the film is a copy of the original. What I understand, if there is nothing wrong with it, leave it as it was. But you can not do it with a movie. This was actually bumped and I gave her a chance to see how they came out as in the first part. But since Sebastian was more or less just a humorous and Kathryn who turned himself into a sex predator himself, he was in the right story, this film had no basis for it. Whoever did it, he was far away. They could at least try to bring people who look like original actors, but no, they hired a bunch of actors who are not even very good. I use this term, although I do not know why. They certainly did not do anything in this movie. All this is a bunch of liners that do not match what the original had, and some of them did it, but that was just because Another bad thing was in the first part that You would understand the need to turn to the attention, because there was no participation by the parents that these had them in and that they were poorly used, as if they were showing why these children are. Failed. The best thing about the original was that the actors had the chemistry they took you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really destroys the experience of the first stay on the road from this.
