Cruel intentions 2 is terrible, I mean uber-bad. The words can not explain how bad it is, but I will still run it anyway. The purpose of the cruel intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) was expelled from a private school and forced to move to New York. It decides to start a new life and just live a normal life and calm down. Unfortunately, he has to deal with his sister Kathrin (Ami Adams) who wants to pull him away. Sebastain begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants Sebastain to sleep only with the whole school described as a "whore". Kathrin also wants to be revengeful with Cherie (Keri Linn Pratt), who humiliated her during the school assembly. Kathryn wanted to make the friar become the biggest slut in school, similar to a blind plate for the first movie. Cruel intentions 2 are essentially a canceled TV show, which has been turned into a bitter. There are so many problems with the film. Badly written, unbridled and badly behaved. Fortunately for Amy Adams, the show never took off because she is now a pretty great actress. While the Cruel Intentions had a sense of realism and could be seen to be set up in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 was set up in sitcom earth and as described on the amazon.co.uk 'randi version of Saved bi the Bell. There were some dark topics that included sex and drug use in the first movie, but in Cruel Intentions 2 it was trying to be funny and some of the ideas in the movie should not be, as Kathrin had had an affair with the teacher. Other ideas also do not work like a secret society in which all popular kids meet to talk about the fall of other students. The film also had a big problem with the sexualized 15/16-year-olds. I know that teenagers have sex, sometimes a lot, but when working on a movie or television, they are treated very seriously. One well-known sense was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (about 14/15 in the movie) to simulate sex on the back of his horse to the point where he had an orgasm. The idea that a girl about 14/15 turns into a whore is totally wrong with me and should not be turned into a subject of comedy. Jokes in the film fall to the surface, whether it's a verbal crowd like 'she goes all the wet when she sees you' in a visual depression where Sebastian pushes Kathrin into the mud. There are many things that are wrong with this movie, which I do not have time to enter, but I say that this should be avoided. Just watch Cruel Intentions, although it's not a classic, it's still a decent movie and it's a good theme. This film is just a wet dream of a rogue, who has students who have a lot of sex with each other.
