There is no decent scene. Amy Adams gives one of the worst performances of all time. Proof that you can start anywhere. And the one who plays Sebastian is bullshit. He does not even look exactly like Ryan Phillipe. More like Joshua Jackson. The other two girls are also terrible. Then there is a dialogue of shit. Sebastian (about having a triple): If you can not beat them ... Virgo girl: Who says you can not beat them? Lame. The ending is contradictory to the whole plan of the original. The first film clearly says that Kathrin and Sebastian have never had sex. One of the reasons why Sebastian wanted Kathryn to be so bad, apart from the fact that she was playing Sarah Michelle Gellar, was that she was "the only girl she could not have and killed him." She was a joke who liked to play with him. The fact that she never gave her increased desire. Then in this P.O.S., it means that he can have it, along with a girl on the side. What? We do not even see half. This is implied, making it not only stupid, meaningless and contradictory, but also worthless. In the first, Kathryn dismisses Sebastian because he fell in love, making him a loser. Even though he won the bet, this gave him a chance. Then in this feces he loses and falls in love. So, she does not cheat "losers," only the complete losers? One more thing: it's said that Sebastian was never in love, so how do you call it Virgin Girl? Then in the end, the girl was suddenly discovered that Kathrinina is a bad lesbian (dun dun dun) and, as I said, entering a lame three. Stupid. There are a few more contradictions. Did the writer even see the first movie? A five-year-old can show his things. After the trio, Sebastian took a breeze with a blonde virgin, spoiling her innocent mind in the limousine's back while Kathrin and Virgin Girl turned evil lesbians Sudden Plot Twist you sit in front, listen, and screw in the camera in a wicked way. Ending ... Seeing that Sebastian had become a hole in the ass, he could make an interesting movie at first. I suppose that all it took to make a little Sebastian bad in three with two hot girls. Interesting.
