I can hardly believe that I have seen this last night after more than 25 years ... I used to watch 6 Fu movies in a row ... Boris Karloff, and all 5 Chris Lees. The last 2 Lea, both directed (and I use that word freely) by Jess Franco, were disgusting. At that time I jumped over this, remembering that, in a way, it was even a FRESH. Well, I looked at him. Never again. Do you know what's worse than that disgusting movie? Really well made piece S ***. And that's what the FIENDISH PLOT is. It's a very beautiful movie. BIG production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, montage, mostly good actors, some decent acting ... ... and absolutely, positively, one of the LARGEST LETTERS in the history of the movie !! !!! AAAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the movie is so deceptive ... that this could be wrong for a decent movie. And then they start singing "Happy Birthday Fu" ... and go downhill. After Burt Kvouk (from which his master says: "Your face is familiar.") The Fuov elixir biography is accidentally pouring out the fire, which resulted in being convicted of torture, burying and cutting off one of the ears was closest to what they had. It was as if someone had decided to make a "camping" movie - so funny it would be fun. RIDICULO, that's ... FUNNY ... it's AIN'T. At all. It's sad because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone has done a lot of research in the Fu Manchu series to get so much "right". With a different scenario - either really fun or dead serious, they could-- they could-- they would - had a classic on their hands. A film that could have made us forget the horror of those crimes in Jesse Franco ... instead of someone trying to dig them out as a masterpiece, for comparison. There was a period in the late '70s when a whole series of classic characters 30 was revived in movies that were universally horrible. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, The Lone Ranger, Charlie Chan, even Doc Savage. I'm not sure this is the worst part. It took a lot of self-control not to cross too fast across parts, especially any scene with Sid Caesar (FBI chief who was also Al Capone's cousin - see what I mean?). It's not just that ideas in the movie are not funny ... they often do not make NIGHT SENSE. As if they "listen" to the police officers to play the king and the queen, and we see people as "auditioning" in the dance hall, such as singing, dancing and riding a motorcycle. How many drugs did the writers of these things have to take to make any sense of it? As I said, disgrace ... and make the loss of this talent, including Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nile Smith), Burt Kvouk (who was in Chris Lee Fu's film your time), Helen Mirren (a policeman who is shockingly in love with a villain and cursed near the theft of the last half of an hour!). I'm starting to wonder if anyone ever will make a "real" Fu Manchu movie, or if the fans will have to satisfy that Karloff is almost ONLY one?
