When the film started, I was shocked to see that it was shot with a cheap video camera! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. Even directly on DVD movies should have better production values! However, a large percentage of home videos uploaded to IouTube has better production values! Often it seems that the film is seriously made by inserting the camera on the tripod and turning it on - without a camera! In some scenes where they may have been working there are no big plans and everything that resembles camera work, and in others there are too many or bad framed close-ups. Iecch! The film is about two gay men who want to get married. As if it had been made almost ten years ago, their only option was the wedding in Vermont - the times definitely changed. However, the recent acceptance of homosexual marriages can in no way be attributed to this film - if anything, he supported the supporters of homosexual marriages instead of helping the film smell and never attempts to seriously solve the problem. According to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry Bibles everywhere and shoot people, as well as women who have gay husbands, with narrow thoughts when they find out that their spouses live fake. I'm sure I'm glad that both sides give you a sincere opportunity! The bottom of the line - nothing about the film shows any professionalism and even I hesitate to call it a movie. It's more like a home movie and does not even deserve even IMDb or even listing on the IMDb's Bottom 100 list of the worst-rated movies of all time. The acting is terrible, the writing is terrible, the direction (if any) is horrible, working with cameras is terrible and the plot is horrible. It's a home movie !! There is nothing positive about what I can say about it in any way except that it makes movies about Ed Vood look like Oscars in comparison with it and I am sure that the spirit of Mr. Vood is laughing every time someone is watching this mess! I do not care if you're gay or straight - this movie is not worth your time and I do not know how they managed to make DVDs about it. I assume that one of the actors fell on their home computer during their free time! Seriously, this gives a new meaning to the word 'bad'! By the way, if one lady in the movie was a real lawyer, would reading ability be an important precondition?! I'm just saying. Finally, since gay marriage is such a serious and important topic, can not we have a movie that is BETTER than THIS solved the problem?! This, unfortunately, just causes laughter.
