The worst movie ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often throw around. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, bad classics like Manos The Hands Of Fate or the latest action action by Michael Baia, people often quickly turn to a sudden conclusion that they have announced that there is nothing worse in the film world. I envy these people, because they are blissful ignoraments and unconscious how deep the rabbit's hole is making the shit really goes. There are movies that are so bad, so disgusting, so inadvertently hilarious and so ridiculous that cults are formed around them to celebrate their horror and that their discussion forums are the most favorite places on the internet because everyone agrees unanimously that the film is really so bad . Ladies and gentlemen, I present Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gai ep, which is so terrible that it's like a violent car accident, you know it's terrible but you can not stand watching it. The idea of ​​a self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director", and if I can add an extra kit of Sam Mraovic, this film is legendary horror. Let me tell you that the ego is running this project. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this film, but also written, produced, executive producer, achieved, edited and finally acted in it. It is a man who is so blinded by his own ego and believes in his non-existent genius that, as someone with an ugly child, he does not recognize how much his catastrophe was created by the catastrophe. Everything in this movie fails on the epic level, acting is the worst you'll ever see, the action is the smirk, montage and cinema is the hottest, and even music like nails on the board. I'm aware that I'm a bit tangent here, but please believe that this movie is as bad as I described it, I would say that this movie is a shit of a horse in a movie, but the truth is not even filmed on the movie, it was shot on a digital camcorder that was not much better than the one now sitting in your cabinet and collecting dust. Do not misunderstand me, I forgave low budget for movies, provided the concept is interesting, for example, as far as I do not like it. The Blair Vitch Project has proven that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good idea to come back, even if this film was shot in a budget of 20 million, with the best Hollywood actors who would still suck, the plot is terrible, and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters of Arthur, who portrayed not only Sam Mraovich, is one of the fastest abominable crowds they ever put into the film. You will not like it within 5 minutes of the beginning of the film, and by the end of the movie, hate will turn into total hatred. Obviously, Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should be rooted for the hero. I do not want to spoil all the hilarious joy that you will experience by watching this movie (which I invite you not to pay for) and I will give you two pitifully mild examples of how this movie is silly, pitiful and mild as one of the smallest mistakes in the movie. In one shot we hear that one of the main characters says that "they know a good lawyer and will give him a call" the shot fades and then loses, and this HIM about whom they spoke earlier is actually a woman, a rather spectacular mistake I think in post production . The second is simple, a few seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the characters were told to fly to Vermont, and then cut off to a shot of a plane that descends between the palm trees in the sunny area. I've never been personally in Vermont, but I'm sure that you will not find palm trees there. Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency that stretches for almost an hour and a half in combination with a funny dialogue. and you're planning, then multiply by 10 and you will not be fully prepared for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the absolutely worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it is worse and you will not be at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really so bad. However, we should be pleased in some way, such films are a rarity. They give us hope that someday we will become the creators of the film themselves or become scriptwriters. Simply because we will have a new sense of confidence because of the fact that we will know that nothing we produce, no matter how amateurs can be as shit as this. Real finally revealed the worst film of all time, and it's called Ben and Arthur.
