Oh, man, what did Sam Mraovich think? What was anyone involved in this "film" thinking? Mraovich is the head of almost everything "Ben and Arthur": director, writer, producer (also EXACTIVE producer!), Caster, the leading star - name, he did it. And he (Mraovich) is a shit more than anyone has ever sucked in every department of film creativity. So what's wrong with this movie? All. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich - * sigh). Ben and Arthur want to marry in a world where everyone basically hates gay people. To make things worse, Ben's "ex-wife" (they do not get dissolved), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is crazy Ben left for another man and asks Ben to come back together (saying she can be gay, too!) and Arthur's Christian devotee, overly hypocritical, as equally as fierce as brother Tammy, Victor, he meant to invite Arthur to turn around and then try to kill him after throwing him out of his church. The film is an absolutely stuck block with so much nonsense (ie Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go there to Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees; fly back to FedEk freight plane - they hope they are comfortable in a wooden box, plus much, much more) and making a hole for lifting (Victor calls for the killing of Arthur's "Final Plan", which later changes to "Final Work"; Arthur and a private (internal) detective drive the same car, blah blah). "Actors" are all very bad and travel to the top; the scenario is ridiculously horrible (one such example is "I do not make sense, you do not make sense! I make sense, that's who makes sense!") and there is much more wrong with the "movie" that I can, though, the most ridiculous but incredible thing about " Ben and Arthur "is that Sam Mraovich thinks he created something that is really fantastic (see his fake reviews for" Ben & Arthur "and obvious comments on YouTube). Mraovič is narcissistic, and his arrogance blinds him so he sees something terrible with his name on it. So, let's conclude, forget every bad movie you claim to be the worst movie ever ... Arthur will immediately overthrow them from that title, even Paris Hilton films look like "The Dark Knight" in relative to the monstrosity known as Ben and Arthur.
