I was just looking at this after I heard that it was bad and I wanted to see it myself. Seriously, even if you read all the negative comments here, you will not be able to figure out how serious this movie is, although it must be one of the most picturesque things I've ever seen! I've never tried to make a comment here, but this shit really justifies. First, the whole shop is funny and meaningless. The brother of the protagonist (or Ben or Arthur, forgetting who, and honestly, is never quite clear) wants to stop some type of homosexual marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is disgusting for Christians, but apparently mass murder. Then there is a shit about one of the former wife of a gay couple trying to force him to marry again on a nišan. It does not lead to anything, it gives us one of the happiest lines of dialogue in the whole "movie" - "I do not make sense? You do not make sense! It makes sense!" Great. Then there's the acting, which is just horrible. He must be seen to be trusted. My personal favorite is an apparently stoned woman civil rights lawyer, who obviously reads her lines from something, but still manages to confuse them. He said enough. Gay couple can not be less convincing. There is an indefinitely attractive and totally rude boy, and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon character out of the advertisement. Just thicker. And less talented. "Film" was shot by someone who is not capable of holding the camera even further, and the number of errors is incredible. The whole thing starts with a fat main guy in a bed with a pair of boots. Yes. However, we all know how horrible this is, so I would like to point out some of the priceless moments of the comedy that the "film" provides. - When a fat guy burns a church, then panic like a six year old girl over the parking lot to escape. Hilarious. <br /> <br /> - Mildread! She has no idea what kind of connection she is with the main characters - sometimes she is known, sometimes not, but she does appear in several scenes. Hilarious. - A disgruntled lawyer. I already mentioned it, but she is so funny to be worth mentioning once again. - Dinner for the evil brothers crackers that he sets for his guests. - Anti-gay beverage. - Cats' evil brother. - The end, which I will not give because you MUST see it to be believed. I warn you, be careful not to eat at that time !!!! When the main character / director / producer gets naked. It's a foul. Basically, Ben and Arthur are indescribably bad, but inadvertently the most humble thing you'll see for a long time. Literally, nothing is good in this pronunciation for the film, the actor's director even manages to open credits in jokes writing his name about 15 times.
