I have no idea what on Earth, or beyond it, could lead Sam Mraovich to believe that it would be a worthwhile project. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst films ever recorded. In fact, I do not see the reason why it should not be at # 1 at the bottom of 100. For although I did not see, for example, SuperBabies: Babi Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of this publication), I would dare to assume that this film is significant better than this oozing wound, because even in its gloom, the Babi Geniuses 2 bar is professionally made. On the contrary, everything, and I mean everything, is completely unprofessional in this movie. The film is conceived as an attack on alleged intolerance and hatred toward Christ's Right. And I emphasize "intended". It not only completely and completely decay for its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a convincing and real portrait of the gay couple fighting against a society that opposes them to a large extent, it creates tired, rough stereotypes of every involved party. Ben and Arthur, the same couple, are portrayed as two rough, sexually starved and hopelessly romantic cartons that marry when the laws change to allow them. This is encountering the opposition of Ben's brother, Victor, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (like this film we wanted to believe), is loud, curious, stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur, after hitting him in the ministry. Like in real life. And if you think it's terrible (it is), you have not seen everything. Actors (?) Here they succeed in completely destroying any remaining credibility in this film by telling their lines as if they were narrating the iouTube home comedy. But even Daniel Dai-Levis and Marlon Brando could not preserve the title as the title characters, because there would still be a problem of the altogether meaningless and funny dialogue that fills every minute of the film. Each scene has at least one accidental or misleading quote. For example, in one scene, Viktor tries to complain that he is not able to have nephews or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clearly presenting this idea, he spits out a stupid, extremely puzzling, malicious line, "You know what, I will never have a nephew or a nephew, OK, because you are F *** ED UP!" <Br /> <br /> A complete lack of production values ​​is even more apparent. Yes, I know this is not the Dark Knight, but even amateur movie lovers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six red spots do not satisfy the real wound from the bullet. People do not teleport across the room between them. And the items do not fall INVOLVED when they are shot! Do not waste money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you are 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you are gay, straight, or unresponsive. I do not care if you are "just curious." I do not care what pathetic reason you have to be tempted to buy this pile. Get off, far. The only quality of this film is its ability to be used as a frisbee.
