I made a big mistake that I watched this movie a few nights ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This film does not deserve even an average of 1.4. IMDb should have 0 votes for movies that really deserve it. 1.4 is too high. I heard that this movie was horrible, but I really did not think the movie could be so bad, especially in this day and age. I realized that all sirens were horrible films only since the 1950s and 1960s. My God was wrong. Believe me, this film is really bad. She is above terrible; he is out of pathetic; it's above any kind of word I can think of. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this film. SNAKE ISLAND (which until now was the worst movie I've ever seen) looks like it deserves several Oscars in comparison to this pathetic effort. Seriously I can not believe that the creators of this film thought this was a legitimate serious effort to make a Hollywood movie. This is not called a movie. For the first 25 seconds of the film, I seriously thought I was watching some classical theater in high school trying to make a short film. Or even better, I thought it was a Saturday night live. I mean, it looks exactly like that. The acting is terrible; the entire movie looks almost like it was shot with a 20 year old VHS video camera. special effects ....... and good master The saturated ones had better special effects than this movie. The scene in which he is shot at the door is out of laugh and out of cheese. I mean seriously, my introduction to acting from 4 years ago at college, we all could compose a better movie than this. And the worst part of the whole movie, where Arthur was naked in the bathroom. Oh my God, I almost got up. I have a strong stomach, but it was terrible. Some people should never be naked, and he is one of them. It seems that the action of this movie does not go anywhere. Talk about legal issues that we never hear again; Ben talks about entering music that we never hear again; Arthur says he's looking for college job and money, and the next thing we see is that he runs a porn shop. Everything about the movie is terrible. This really does not have much to do with my critique, but just that everyone knows, I'm not a gay man. However, I support the rights of homosexuals and I believe that everyone should be treated as equal. And I would support any gay person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie, which in turn seems to swear every other word. (WHERE IS F * (# * in white?) Hahaha But I did not want anyone to think that I hate this movie just because it's about two gays. It has nothing to do with it: this would be just like a terrific film if it is was Ben and Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. I just watched this movie to see if it was really as bad as they say. I read, let this be a warning to everyone: ONLY watch this movie if you only want to laugh and laugh at how some poor films in the 21st century can still be. or some fun, I have no sympathy for you. <BR> <BR> On the final point Isli: How does the world have 7 movies below this on IMDb? are worse than this!
