This shit is bad. I looked at him like a joke. It's not even so bad that it's good in an unintended way. It seemed that this film was designed to be personally angry. It really worked really well. It's like the people who did this took all the really boring things about the PLAYBOY movie, added in a bunch of ugly guys, took out everything interesting, fun, or even afar off sexy and smart from fabrications, and then added to the bunch of old rotten cheese. That's all this. Cheese. There is no person with whom this movie could be linked. There is no universe in which this film could appear. Why a movie like this can not be just a lifetime of happiness and happiness? Why did they have to make this already stupid idea of ​​a film even funnier than it already is? Why they did not even try to do it right in the movie, or even B-movie. Now that I think about it, what the hell were they trying to do with this movie? I watched him expect a story of love and instead I got a boring student project about an idiot who must find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend, while his boring Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not kidding. That's about it. Does that sound good? This film is rather uninformed to people from Christian religion, with the stereotype that all Christians are loud, rude and disgusting to make as many people as possible as poor as possible. Many Christian people I know would never speak or act like these freaks. The film, however, is equally unjust and unconscious to the gay community. These must be the most usable stereotyped gay men since the guy on the radio station on that video game ROADKILL. He is so nervous and just irritated to such an extent that I was not able to fully pay attention to this film. Manufacturers of this train-wreck did not have a strategy for scenography, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or the idea of ​​doing it fun or interesting. There is not even a scene of sex, or at least not convincing. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked good at all, but his good looks were unfortunately destroyed. This is trash. In the perfect world, this movie would get a vote of 0.0. It's worth 0 as a movie itself. A nun who is mentally handicapped and blind, deaf and has small bones for her arms and legs and whose face is on the armpit, she could write, direct and produce a better movie, and she would probably be a better actor. The fact that this film exists is a crime against the very word "film". This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed that they are available in the same format that can be viewed. I could put a broom in a chair, then film it with a camera, then stop the film, then replace it with a mini-massage tree, then take it and I already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR for at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I'm gay and I'm probably gonna be the funniest person you'll ever meet if you ever meet me, and I think I was never offended by the whole movie than I was the first five seconds of this movie myself. If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's OK to make mistakes" to "It's OK to make mistakes, except if the error was BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like: "Good things come out of everything!"? I think that BEN & ARTHUR is primarily fictitious so that there can be something of something that would not be good on Earth. Calling this movie the worst movie I've ever seen would be too deserving. It's as if this movie was designed only to qualify in one of its categories. He has good films, he has bad movies, and there's BEN & ARTHUR. These are BEN I ARTHUR.
