Interested in synopsis (every gai video of these days has a piece on the cover page, it does not necessarily have to be taken as a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR not knowing anything about it. This is my other (and I assure you that this will be my last) purchase of videos CULTURE K CONNECTION. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but obvious discovery. I do not see this observation? I am a great collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN and ARTHUR are simply the worst movie I've ever experienced in my life. Period. My collection has over 1,600 films (93% on them on DVD), of which over 300 are gay and lesbian themes. I hardly have every gai film ever made, but it's convenient for me to say that I'm buying almost every gai video that's interesting and I often buy video without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of the great gay headlines I've accidentally encountered. So when I read on the box that BEN and ARTHUR were referring to the conflict between homosexual and right-wing Christians, one of my favorite themes, I decided to embark on an unseen, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another name, CULTURE K CONNECTION, VISIONS GIRL OF SUGARES. That movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR, I watched him like GONE VITH THE VIND. So, what was so bad with BEN and ARTHUR? A lot! To begin with, the "plot" that he was, he was totally ridiculous. This film has almost made me compassionate with Christian law? we are asked to believe not only that the church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that the priest actually set up a mafia gai couple to save their souls (as it makes sense). Writing is so poor that many scenes do not make sense at all, and a few points of the plot do not reflect any logic, continuation or connection with the story. It seems that murders and violence seem to be acceptable targets of gay activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and the act is so bad it's hard to imagine how someone in this movie got a job. Characters that are supposed to be equal are almost gay, with no exception, and no stereotypes for lifting; gai characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to discourage someone from buying gay themed videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage that this image has over my other purchase of CULTURE K Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has an audio background with a clear dialogue. It's hardly the difference, because the script is so frustrating that understanding the script is only to make you aware of how badly this movie is. It's a disgrace to Kueer culture and I intend to warn everyone who can, before they spend their money on it. At $ 9.95 this movie would be overestimated; I understand that it will soon be overstated below $ 20, which is the STILL highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt more deceived in my life. The only real laughter associated with this dick is reviews? I've seen "user reviews" for this movie on numerous web sites, and there is always one or two that praises the director / writer / actor in such a way that it's obvious that the reviewer is friend of this Ed Vood vannabe. How sad. How desperate. I just want IMDb to allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever the film deserves it, that's it.
