Recherche is a good word for describing this movie. Let's say each movie has a sales point, a trick. Transformer Cheats are great effects as fans of nostalgia. Besana in a trick in Seattle is the situation in their line: "What if someone you've never met, someone you've never seen, someone you never knew was the only one for you?" Many romances rely heavily on these tricks, and some of them draw large names. In the past year, Irish folklore is used as a circumstance and significant names in the country. Now, when the audience is in the cinema, in addition to all the usual characters, conflicts or consequences, crisis, decisiveness, and failure, they also expect a stimulating dialogue, more absorbing situations as a result of years of grave delusion, interesting subheadings, and perhaps, to a certain extent, a good turn in the middle or at the end of a story that favors the circumstances of the characters. This is what Jean Ieo is trying to achieve. If they tried, their goal was obviously on the second pitch, at another stadium, at the other end of the planet. She and her writer, Alain Lairac, failed to provide a stimulating dialogue. Most lines are made. They seem to have a bag full of lines that he would like to use in his film: "Okay, these are lines and quotes I heard or read from the movies I've seen or the book I read before and they all sound good. If they sound good to me , it will sound good to the audience, so all I have to do is sum up them all, the result is cathartic. I can not say that the lines were unnecessary and that they have nothing to do with the story or in the conduct of complications, but it seems that nothing is out of the blue, which keeps you from saving these quotes. At the personal level, I know people who are typing It's quotes based on most of the situations in our dialogue, trying to make them meaningful to themselves while nodding. I no longer go out with them because it's a drive to hit them flooding. Other, the characters that are shown are stupid and except for an unnatural dialogue that implies their motivation (necessary for conducting complications), there was no sense of conviction in them. I have no idea who they are. All these are dumbbells that emerge from the column of the council of the women's magazine. The trick in breaking years is not enough to talk a story because the circumstances are too shallow. Then again, there are films with less, but better than this, there are no. They invented my first and second spots. Moreover, the sub-folds are inconsistent (not that it's a bad thing for movies) and a thin (bad thing). Jean Ieo and producers are trying to surrender a horrible plot with fantastic locations and passable photographs. This is because they probably realize that it is possible and easier to get permission from some viewers than others, with the good use of cinema, sound, and recording locations. These invisible spectators. It's not even a movie that's so bad it's good. That's just bad. Do not look at this.
