"Breakthrough Years" is a film adapted from the e-novel of Singapore writer Catherine Lim, who became the first Singaporean novel to be sold over the Internet. The film had a complicated post-production schedule: shot at the beginning of 2005, it was due to be released at the end of 2005, but eventually appeared only three years later, on February 29, 2008, in the grave year. Before I say anything, I first have to admit that I am not a fan of the genre of romance, so maybe I'm a bit biased in relation to this movie - I was watching it just because it was a Singapore production, and it's available for lending in my library. Here's my two cents on the movie. Let's start by saying that besides Ki Iu-Vu KS and Wong Li-Lin, everyone here has noticed that it is Eurasian. Love interest is the Eurasian (Ananda Everingham), and Vong's three friends are all Eurosongers. Does this film confirm the stereotype that falling in love and connecting with Eurasians is more "in" than usual Chinese (or any Asian race?) I do not know, it is certainly so. Also, everyone in the film speaks in a mystical "anglicized" accent that does not exist anywhere, certainly not in Singapore. It's a kind of "semi-perfect English" that the authorities would like to talk about, but which does not exist anywhere outside, say, MTV channels. The effect is that the film's dialogue sounds forcefully and stiff, does not help him lack the real blue Singaporean actors. It seems that the screenwriter is too busy to tap a liner after that. single-layer. After twenty minutes, the "witty" of the film begins to fade and the film begins to serve its usual cliché plate. I suppose I did not enjoy the film because the whole premise of keeping a love affair over 16 long years seems incredible. There are other disbelief in the film. I can not believe that KS (played by Ki Iu) will fall for Wong's girls. And the scene in which the groom says: "Go, before I change my mind," it is used in hundreds of East Asian (Korean, Chinese, Hong Kong, Taiwanese, etc.) TV series ... So, 4 stars for this movie. The value of production is fair, and Vong Li-lin works best, but her script does not help. Joan Chen has a 15-minute bit in the movie as an older Wong and maybe she's the best actress, but, hey, her role is just a comedy. If you come across a "Lean Year" in rent or a library, you may want to write it in a DVD player for curiosity, but otherwise, for people who do not enjoy the romantic genre, you can decide if you miss it or not.
