It's cheese. If everything you want is a video game, complete with what looks like a straight-through-computer cutaway sequence for action, the movie was too cheap to make special effects, that's it. My friend and I had a really good time, because the theater was mostly empty and we could pull it out a bit. This movie is REALLY FITTING. Plot? Was it complicated? Okay, some stupid college or later get a call for "rave of the year" and go to one of the islands of San Juan ("If only they stayed in Seattle, they would survive" - ​​a direct quote, or almost.) To attend. They arrive there and everyone has left, and the site is somewhat destroyed (but hey, the burst is still a lot!). With the help of a hard old captain and a coastguard's wife (which only worked a little less tough - and somewhat less good than Cinthia Rothrock), they struggle with many zombies (some who spit acid), get beautiful legends, and are mostly killed. That is all. Not so bad as Demonicus, but not much and better than Severeda (they are some kind of my personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the first is bad but it's fun to chat, and this one is easy too bad to watch more than once). On the other hand, if you expect a movie with a video game as great as Resident Evil, escape !!! Okay, let the real big questions (without too much spoilage): Since when were the Spanish ships of the 18th century moving to Pacific Northwest? Why someone was smuggling weapons in the Pacific Northwest, and to whom - CANADA, because of loud crying ??? Why is rave unnamed (oh, sorry, it's called "Isla del Muerto", shia, right) San Juan Island - and outside, still keeping in mind that this is PACIFIC NORTH. And the rave has about 30 people present - "rave of the year", my patoot. Happiness has many axes. A lot of them. Everyone has them. It must be near the shop for the ax. Finally, while the film began to play with a little "parody" (with nudges on I Knov Vhat Iou Did and Javs), it did not carry it through close enough. OK, indeed, finally - when the introductory comments (in the voice, nothing less) necessarily mention that one of the characters "has given up his boyfriend to focus on his fencing" be sure that there will be fencing to the end film. Not a good fence, but a couple of people who sword swords.
