All right, let me go from nothing that will surprise anyone who has read other comments. That's it, MY G-D, THIS FILM! I mean, VOV, I did not know it was possible to throw as much money as they obviously did to something and still go upstairs than any Roger Corman film! Corman probably set this movie at some point, but it was rejected due to poor quality of the script! The only reason this film was made is that someone said: 'Hey, Zombies are popular. Video games are popular. What kind of game can we get from zombies? Resident Evil? No, someone else came first. Silent Hill? No, it's too quiet. People will never sit in a dark room just to be scared. Hey, did not Sega have a game where people were running around shooting zombies? They got out of the business platform, we could get that for pennies! Mainly they tried to make a movie that felt like a video game, even to record the fight as if the characters were actually playing the game. The first and main problem is that the original game was horrible. I mean, bad-movie-merchandising-made-in-up-game-in-two-week-and-then-ship-d-from-and-bought-from-moron- their-parents-for-Christmas is terrible. The graphics were boring. The monsters were boring. The levels were boring. The interface was boring. The case was boring. In other words, this is a boring game. And that was the ARCADE version. The home version was even worse! With the home version, you did not even hold the shotgun in your hand until this senseless game was boring! But I turn. Another problem is that they went so far as to actually compel scenes from the real game during the battle scene. HUH ??? Had the editor lacked confidence in the effects that indicated that a real fight had taken place? Not to mention that the SVAKA fight is taken from the perspective of a video game, which can explain the tedious use of effects in the Matrix style. The problem is that the game was a shooter from the first person (the player comes out of the POV character). Perhaps they have put graphics in the game, to let you know that they have alluded to the game ... Exactly, whatever ... In any case, the only thing that made this TOTAL remote experience enjoyable was is the fact that everyone in the theater laughed the movie out loud, so my sudden tastes of hysterical laughter and general disbelief were taken as a normal occurrence and they did not kick me out. Summarize up, do not go look at this movie! Do not even bet it when it hits the video in a few weeks. To run. Just run.
