If there was a movie that earned 0 out of 10, that would be it. The 'House of the Dead' redefines the term 'bad movie'. Other bad films, such as 'Wen A Stranger Calls' or 'Premonition', will actually look much better than the 'House of the Dead'. The basic "shop" houses of the dead are a group of twenty-five times that travel to a remote island to attend the "rave of the century". When they arrive there, they find only some tents, a bar, a stage, and some bloody t-shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and the zombies attack them soon. There is absolutely nothing about this movie. It's not fun. Instead, it's painful to look at how terrible it is. The act is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in the scene. This is an obvious lie. It seems that the script was written by an 11-year-old who decided to include a scene of someone throwing on the chest of a girl and to include a harsh line, "it smells like somebody farting around here." The characters do not have personality or depth, and they do some of the deepest things that have ever been seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters are also magically turning into a SVAT team that will download zombies. It's like they do not even have to target their weapons and automatically kill zombies in the head. The most terrible thing about this film is directed. Something is wrong with Uwe Boll. The pain of working with the camera is astoundingly unconnected. His plates for zombies passing through the forest are more stupid than threatening. Even worse, Boll actually thought it would be good to include small films from the video of House of the Dead in the movie. Very often, and in most casual times, suddenly you will see animated zombies. Does not make sense. Nobody in common sense would have thought it was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us many times that this movie should be based on a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be great to include slow 360-degree rotational shots during the action scenes, and la 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it too often, and every recording is troubling. The soundtrack in this movie also captures the mind. Most of the action scenes are accompanied by a loud tone. This also contributes to the resulting headaches that caused the terrible 'House of the Dead'. The 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it's based on a video game. In fact, it does not have much to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category 'so bad it's good'. This, however, fits into the category of 'so bad it's painful'. This movie is plain. Uwe Boll should never have been released even close to another movie. Even his presence will curse production. All directors: whenever one of your films gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you have not made the House of the Dead and that you will feel much better. I will never get those 90 minutes of my life again. To summarize, the words really can not describe how bad this movie is. Anyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed. Although what I said may sound funny, "House of the Dead", it really is not. Nothing about this is ridiculous. Avoid this at all costs.
