When George C. Scott played the leading role in "Patton," you saw him directing tanks with a fist pump, firing at German bombers with a revolver, and throwing curses to his superiors and subordinates. The most action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur", a character from the same war of debatably higher achievement, is when he touches the mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow. Comparing Peck's performance with Scott can be unfair. However, the fact that MacArthur made the same producer and scored the same composer sets the parallels, as well as the fact that both films open with the generals who turn to the West Point cadets. I understand that filmmakers tried to mimic this Oscar-winning movie a few years earlier. But as Peck looks more than Scott ever did, he appears to be very bland in a story that feels less like a drama than the Viking Pass MacArthur's later career. "To date, there are those who think that a dangerous demagogue is and others who say that he was one of the greatest people who ever lived," the introductory word says. This is a typical part of the post-Vietnamese sophism about to those who led the US Army for much of their time, but what we get here is not a look. MacArthur, as shown here, does not get angry or inspired the way he did it in his life. <br /> < > Director Joseph Sargent, who headed the famous Turkish "Javs The Revenge", does not draw in numbers the deal with a mild battle (like when the Chinese attack American forces in Korea), while Halloween and Matthew Robinson's scripts come out of MacArthur, which seems to be benign to the extent that it is rude, slightly over-caught in his public image, but never less than decent. Here you see that he is walking from a dock that returns to the Philippines. You see there talking to the Congress in his speech "Old Soldiers Never Die". For a long time he sits at the cinema in Toik, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel, so we can continue with the story, while the details recorded in the film news tell us about the ascent of Japan from the ashes under its enlightened reign. Peck's actors, Marj Dusai as his dedicated woman ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal assistant, brilliant eyes towards the magnificence of their companion, but not interested ones themselves. > Even when discussing with others, Peck never raises his voice and largely conquers his arguments with thunderous eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz proposes to postpone the re-capture of the Philippines, the point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur returns with a commentary: "Right now, as I listened to his plan, I thought I saw our flag descend." Undoubtedly, Nimic had something to say about it, but the character in the film just sheds his head and submissively accepts the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. The only person in the movie that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry Truman, who Ed Flanders does a good job despite a prosthetic nose that reminds him of Tukan Sama. Truman's release of MacArthur should be a dramatic climax, but here it takes place in a quiet conversation for dinner, in which Peck plays MacArthur as nothing less than a genius martyr. Peck stands on the upper pantheon star of the screen; he gives a great presence, but he lacks complexity even in many of his most famous roles. But it is not fair to so much anchor him here as he helps a bit to define MacArthur like any other than boring speech. Except two scenes, the one in which he struggles to surrender the Philippines ("He hit the Star of Glory and lifted the sheet!") And the other one with a mini-fault while waiting for an American invasion of Incheon, provoking the Communists underground in the White House, Peck really plays here Peck, not a complex character that inspired the famous American Cesar Trick. A true MacArthur might have been worth the comparison. What you get here is less valuable to Shakespeare than Shake the Clovn.
