Okay, so I'm not a great video game player, but was the House of the Dead game really well enough to make a movie? Of course, they went so far as to actually put short video clips through the movie, justifying any scene of violence, but there are dozens of games that look exactly the same, with a hand at the bottom. The screen, allegedly yours, hold any weapon and bother all kinds of aliens or walk the dead or sniper or whatever it was. It is an interesting premise in the House of the Dead, with many kids from college (as were children who were able to pay a fisherman a little more than $ 1,500 just to fly after they missed their boat ) trying to get to this island for what should be the enthusiasm of the year. The first thing that came to my mind about House of the Dead after watching it was that it became increasingly clear that modern horror films became nothing more than an exercise in designing creative ways to get a lot of scantily dressed teenagers right in the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they were on the way to a party pronounced the way girls were dressed. They look bad at their place running through the forest in cute little halter guns, but at least they thought they were dressed for that occasion. Clint Howard, apparently the most interesting character in the film, provides an absolutely horrible performance, a size that overshadows every other actor in the film. I can not stand when famous actors change accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that it's equally even to have a famous actor who pretends to be a stubborn fisherman with a rough voice. Years of breathing salty air. He did not split well. It sounded as if he was eating a cinnamon roller before cracking and accidentally breathed in powdered sugar or something. It's really hard, Clint! I expected more from him, but again, he agreed to take part in this mess. When we arrive on the island, the film is temporarily converted into any of the fifteenth 13th films that took place in the Cristal Lake campsite. Many teenagers are acting by actors who were too old to make their parts naked and then killed. The nudity was impressive, I suppose, but let's look at something for a moment. These children pay nearly two thousand to go to this island to go to Rave of the Iear, find no one, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled out a hundred pounds from his wallet to bring them everywhere there, none of them thought they had found a full bar and no lonely person in sight. Here you have the contribution of director Uwe Bolla - He has alcohol! He will not notice that the party they have come with does not contain anyone but himself! So, not only do they start drinking, not looking at the fact that the whole party seems to have emptied the island, but when one of the girls goes to the dark forest to find out where everyone is (pulling one other girl and one guys reluctant), the guy and the girl who is left to break up, decide that it would be a great idea to get rid of the rapids now that they are alone. As if they were expecting the island to be empty, and now that the other people they came to for a while, they would have privacy because there is no one else. Brilliant! Now for things that everyone hated, judging by the reviews I read about the movie. Yes, the interplay of video footage to the movie, mainly to show that the film was faithful / directly copied the video game. Of course, that was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who imagined this little bumblebee, but it's worse that the Matrix-style bullet-time scans that were thrown over and over again and again and again. After the first time (when I was in a movie like a pretentious and syrus film that has such a recording as something original) it's noticeable for the technique of the recording itself, but for any dramatic meaning or creation One of the things that make up the zombie film Scary and brings you to the edge of your seat is slowly but inexorably coming to live people, who are much quicker, but tired, run out of running places, and with the scary lack of things we are fighting with zombies. The first two are made in the film, the children are terrified and do not have much room to run because they are on the island, but since they got caught in the passage with smugglers, they are heavily armed. And it's very strong. I mean, these people have everything, from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the tension of the upcoming dead. Then you have what I call techno-slasher scene. Since the rave never happened, and I suppose, as Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed that they did not hear any techno music in the movie, there is a scene in the middle where all people fight against the living dead, and astounding enough turns in something like a music video. There is techno music as the recordings are shot faster and faster, as long as there is nothing else to blur the shooting, usually only about 5 frames (which is about 1/6 second) that flickers over the screen in time with the tech speed of music. Smart, I suppose, but there is no place in the horror movie because it completely removes any sense of scarcity or the tension of even a brutal effect, because you can not see one thing long enough to react to it. You're just watching how those flares fly over the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be good to put something like this in the movie. I've seen many people who compare this film with Resident Evil, mainly claiming that he copies the premise of that, and that they are right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, no man made a virus that turned people into dead dead who could infect other people, changing them as vampires turn others into vampires. 28 Dais Later was also an inspiration for this film, a shame that House of the Dead did not do any original thing, except for a bit of a stupid idea to put quick recordings on the video on which it is based. , in case you forget. I really think this should have been a much better movie. Although obviously I can not say that I know much about the game on which it is based, only the title and the film poster deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately I think it is more often than with horror films. It's really sad when a movie that is so obviously advertised as a horror film without stoppage appears, and the most horrible thing in the whole movie is the final shot, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
