Relaxed and drugged, like a stone in the kidney, a happy journey through my scarring of the urinary tract, without absolutely anything better than letting doctors mitigate me in half-forgetting, accidentally caught this film on the cable. I would not want anyone thinking that I paid to look at it in the movie, or to rent it, or ?? heaven forfend! ?? that I was watching STRAIGHT. After I played this sensational terrible video game and routinely rode into the condemned rooms and terrible passage of the house, fighting against Chariot (Type 27), The Hanged Man (Type 041), and other impossible guards, my curiosity was elated about how the game will be transferred to the movie screen. It's not. The banal plot is revolving around a group of "crazy kids" ?? a la Scoobi Doo ?? Are they attending a remote island for world "rave"? Whatever it is. (You kids today with your hula-hoops and your mini-skirts and your Pat Boone?) After you bribe the captain of the ship to thousands in cash to carry them there (the nonsense that speaks of their network of rhetoric), they they find "rave" "abandoned." The house is often referred to as "probably" the titular house of the dead, but most of the actions take place on false open sets and other sites divorced from any apparent dwelling. /> Pala video camera acts as a flash charger, showing the island in pain? party ?! Is it? Oh , so this "rave" thing is just "fun"? In the great tradition of reeufemization of "used cars" like "pre-ovned" or "shell shock" as "post-traumatic stress disorder", the word "parti" is now too quadratic for cute, silicone implanted, metrosexual jagoffs? It was learned that the party was broken by zombies. Intelligent thought here stops. I do not think dumbbells who call themselves scriptwriters and Directors understand myths about zombie re-animation. Zombies can not die? they are already UN-DEAD. Do not bleed, they do not know about pain. If their bodies are not completely destroyed, they will continue to be animated. At least that's what my priest from Jamaica says. What it means is that a shot of .45 in their "heart" will not stop them, nor will they swing the torso. A shotgun explosion in the chest will certainly not get blood gut. At least in the logic of the video game, the shooter draws so many circles into every monster that it is totally decimated, leaving a stinking pulp that can not be revived again. Still, each model - the slash-model gets their moment in the Matrix-circular camera, killing zombies on all fronts with only one bullet and karate pieces to the chest bone. Seriously, these zombies are more ineffective than Stormtroopers from the "Return of the Jedi", who knock out when Evos leaves. -Free "Free Enterprise," he felt forced to insert the reference of Captain Kirak, in the image of Jurgen Prohnov, who had to take milk money desperately to succumb to appearing in this aromatic bale. There is also a reference to Prochnov's lead role in the magnificent "Das Boot", when one of the untrained B-actors mentions that he "looks like Captain U-Boat". "I wonder how many of the target audience of this film in the form of a pig square has been lifted to ANY of the references to other films, as when Prochnow declares," Say hello to my little friend, "saying his moment for a machine gun. /> Focused to a demographic population that is not able to grasp the sysifical futility of the concept of video games (ie the game ends when you die? you can not win), this is just a slasher movie for mindless. Accordingly, everyone dies in due course, except for the heterosexual pair of attractive whites. < br /> Better use for axis but the misused budget of this film may have been sending the acting through the acting School, although the left breast of She Grauera has done a good job, as well as her right breast and these scenes break the run: invaluable! the cream is too fast. <br /> < > I'm trying to do more with my time, I pulled out my digitally restored, 35th anniversary, special edition, the wide screen of Anamorphic DVD "Manos: the hands of destiny." Ah, yes! Drugs were suitable for the brain - now it's HERE any quality movie recording? <br /> <br /> (Movie Maniacs, visit: vvv.poffismoviemania.com)
