There are some movies that you know will be bad from the box. Even if you completely forgot about the work of Ed Vood, one look at that commentator from Plan 9 from the Universe, and you only know that you will not see the next film masterpiece. Just so, when I saw the first recording of Uwe Boll's masterpiece "The House of the Dead," with the guy who sat in front of the house and began his introduction while desperately trying to sound like he had just arrived from the City of Sin, I knew So film it starts like this - the first major character says that everyone else will die. You know, I'm keeping you wandering. Then begins to represent the rest of characters with lines like "Karma .. thinks that Foki Brovn" or "Alicia .. my former ... we have recently broken up .. I had to learn and she had to fence." No, I'm not kidding. In any case, this group of 20 people who could not get out of wet paper bags go to "The Rave of the Century", the rave in question is a few tents, a port-a-bang and a bad stage located on a small island in the middle of the Pacific. Our gang missed the ferry, but luckily it will find a way to get there, as Kirk was a fishing boat (Cpt Kirk? Catch it? Man, whoever wrote this scenario is a genius) and his assistant who bore the child of Simpson's " Cpt McAllister "and that killer with a hook who knows what you did last summer. To shorten the long story, the gang comes to the island, does not find anyone except some bloody t-shirts and then decide to leave from here. Do not wait, they do not do it, they are actually happy and like a free drink. With this scene, the film hit the bottom and then against all looks it continues downhill. Some guys in the rubber suits start to run around, there are some screams and shots, our gang goes to some house to meet with another gang, get out of the house, meet Cpta Kirk and some police woman (which has about 500 pounds of weapons between them ) and then decide to return to the house. Somewhere along the line they are converted to S.V.A.T. team, enter Matrix, guys with rubber suits begin to multiply as bacteria and I'm starting to cry because I actually paid to see this. To add an injury to injury, videos from a video game based on this shadow appear every few minutes, and there is a sweet game with a break for several characters when it dies. I seriously hate this movie. It does not even fit into that famous category "it's so bad." It's just bad. The script is bad, the zombies are terrible, there are no tensions, the lines are bad, the actors are bad ... the list is only continuing. You will probably want to watch this movie just because of its reputation as a horrible one. Do not. There are bad movies that deserve to watch them. This is not one of them.
