There are people who will have something green! It's the only explanation I can offer why the film about the House of the Dead exists. And that's just a scary part of the whole movie. It's so bad that you'll always leave movies. I seriously wanted to turn it off and turn on the TV in the color drying channel, but I was bound by my word to suffer the whole thing. I do not know why I'm doing this bad thing for myself. As important, here's the basic sense of 'story'. A group of twenty-two people is so desperate to go to an island in the northwest of the Pacific (Canada, in fact, because it's cheap) for the "Rave of the Century" (consisting of about 8 people and non-rebels) to pay a few steep old fisherman $ 1000 to take them there after you miss the main ferry. It must be some rave to be worth it all! The fishermen warn them that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (hold on - I thought it was the HOUSE OF THE DEAD?) And that all the prisoners were on iadda iadda iadda. First breaks here. Why would a small island be kept on a small island (from my foot Century!)? Why would someone willingly pay a lot of money to get it? Why pay even more modest old fishermen to take them back when they just come back with the rest? When they arrive, they discover that the rave (consisting of about 2 tents, a small stage and a port-a-john) is broken, the blood is everywhere and no one is there. What would each rational thinking person do? Run your lives, of course. But no, these vague, obviously blind people decide to look for them. They soon discover an old house, 50 times larger inside and outside. Another half an hour in the woods follows, as an excuse to kill some of the smaller characters, and after a lot of boredom, they come back to the house again. Characters, such as a movie, do not go anywhere. Stuck in this terrible catastrophe is the overwhelming meaningless dialogue, the abominable acting, the mumbo-jumbo exposure and the zillion pistons from the once-popular arcade game. the same name. Why is this universally accepted as a good idea for film authors I will never know. The clips do not even apply to one scene and only degrade this garbage, if at all possible. It has nothing to do with the game except for some cheap throw line ends. Resident Evil looks like a movie glory. Hell, even a Double Dragon movie looks like a multi-sketch worthy compared to this garbage. The only one who comes out of this with his dignity is still intact Jurgen Prochnov. He could only take his money and run, but he is doing the best he can with a terrible script and brings his little pathos. I'm afraid of the rest of the sip. The characters are idiots and deserve to die. Besides, if you cut off the cursing and meaningless nakedness, I do not see the reason why this movie can not be shown on Saturday morning on TV. Not at all scary. Pirates of the Caribbean are much more terrible than skeletal bad guys in this movie. And where did all the bad guys come from? Only a few people started on the island. I suppose this justifies the reason why they used the recordings again. I will not, you will see that the same zombie died a dozen times. Who ultimately is guilty of this scandalous celluloid loss? No one except the director Uwe Boll. His control over the film does not exist. It's clear that actors have no idea what they should do and that zombies do not take it seriously. Actors seem to read cards because they stop constantly in the middle of long sentences and continue to talk as soon as they see the next ticket. Everything is very unnatural. Plus, the film is recorded as a mini-series of two parts. I really saw better TV production. And do not start editing. The film is an unrelated momentum with thousands and thousands of senseless recordings and dozens of pointless cameras. No real skill or talent has been put into this. It really confuses and confuses the mind that films that are so incredibly bad can make and George A. Romero can not invite anyone to accept his calls. House of the Dead makes a idiotic reference to Romero in a lazy attempt to be "postmodern," but only irritates them that they think this is in the same league as the REAL zombie movie. For what it is worth, the 1.85: 1 anamorphic image looks great, and the Dolby 5.1 sound pad is clean, but very impressive and serves only to pronounce ADR too much, even more. DVD comes with accessories, but why bother. Is not this warning enough? Stay away! You are all condemned to ruin! Doomed! Doomed !!!
