Linn Hollister, a lawyer from a small city, travels to a nearby big city to work with the death of her friend Johnny. (Yes, Linn is a man despite the Christian name of the feminine. Did the screenwriters try to get into the fact that John Vaine's name is "Marion"?) Hollister first believed Johnny's death was an accident, but soon realizes that Johnny was killed . Further investigations reveal the network of corruption, crime and electoral settings related to Boss Cameron, the leading light in the city's political machine. It sounds like a plot of a screaming criminal thriller, perhaps made into a film noir style that began to become popular in 1941. It's not. "The man released", despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a criminal drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter Sabra, and the film then concentrates on the romanticism that arises from it, as well as the elements of uncertainty. This movie may have worked only if it was made as a serious drama. One reviewer claims that John Wayne was not credible at all as a lawyer, but he could not play cowboys in any movie, and a tough lawyer who had taken over the forces of organized crime would probably be in his compass. Where do I agree with this reviewer when she says Vaine was not a Cari Grant imitator. Romantic comedy was not on his street. One of the disadvantages of the studio system is that actors may be required to play any part their bosses asked for, regardless of whether they were on their street or not, and as Vaine was one of the few major stars worked for Republic Pictures, no doubt she wanted to get as much mileage out of him. However, even Cari Grant himself could not make "Man Betraied" as a comedy. This is not a reflection of his comical talents; This is a reflection of the complete lack of entertainment material in this film. I doubt that anyone, no matter how well developed their sense of humor, could find something that could be laughed at. The bright tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy; it just stops being taken seriously like anything else. This is one of those films that are neither fish nor meat, neither poultry nor good red herring. 3/10
