First, I did not know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before I watched it. I did not know about the controversy of role playing behind it or about the fact that it was a Made-for-TV movie. When I looked at the cover page (an updated DVD), I seriously thought it would be another fantastic adventure like 'Legend', with Tom Hank as a glupier hero from the 1980s who entered the mythical world in order to save the princess from the evil labyrinth monsters. Sounds exciting, is not it? That's what the front cover suggests to you at first glance. I received this film as a gift, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows that I am in action movies with a medieval mythical theme. And it's Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I made this film, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in the world of special effects of the 80s that would be good for laughter. No! None of this happens. Now, before I continue, I admit, I am stupid, but I'm not interested in role games. It's all about this movie, so my interest in the content is at best lukewarm. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Not even a good movie is based on playing roles with cute geeks who use their imagination to enter the world of admiration. Not! This is a film against the role that a certain religious people must have made (the same people who also think that Barney is the work of Satan.) I understand that Satan is a cunning guy, but I do not think he is desperate enough to shower the RPG's lover into him. This film is THEE anti-gamer film. That's what I get from this movie: it hates RPGs, not only ridiculing people who play the role, but the poor Tom Hanks makes it mentally ill. Tom had an excuse to talk with volleyball in 'Castaway,' the poor guy was alone, but Tom somehow made his craziness fun and you literally saw volleyball as a nice character through Tom's good acting . I wish I'd been watching this movie instead of this. In this film, Tom is attacked by a creative dragon (it looks like a badly made mascot for the RPG team) and has a split personality that is at best angry. Tom's acting exceeds only to feel bad for his character and nothing else. I realized that a poor guy lost his brother and is not right about it, so the movie wins points because it is deliberately tragic. I am not one of the films that exploit mental illnesses, and the ending of 'M & M' has led me to feel like cr * p. Fortunately, after that I watched 'Hudson Havka' and laughed well before my soul was further broken. Yes, 'HH' exceeds 'M & M'. . . much! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it's the most depressing film I've ever seen (Even 'Saving Ryan's Soldiers' is not depressing). I walked in the hope that I would watch a movie that feels good and in the end I felt the exact opposite. If you want to watch a sad (and emotional and visual) movie, then be sure to watch this. If this film needs to pass the message, then this is: "Do not play RPGs if you're a coward for Coco-Puffs."
