The psychology of this film is really strange to try to understand. It's often charged as an anti-RPG movie, but it's really not that simple. Here are some obvious contradictions that make me wonder what (if anything) they are trying to say about the games. Difficult to meet all the host lives through the introduction, and they all have parents. who are divorced, alcoholics, and are completely out of touch with their lives, except in those times when they are pressing hard to succeed. Tom Hanks is probably the worst, just leaving the other school and still dealing with a brother who is missing and maybe he's dead. It has been mentioned several times to play the game to work through problems in your real life. And finally, when they go out to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well-adjusted, moving into their adult career, solved problems, the games removed (Daniel does not even want to design a computer) games anymore), so Even Robbie's mother, who is constantly drunk and unhappy, suddenly is a Happy Housewife, who looks fresh and bright and arranges flowers. Of course, JJ suddenly (and rather cheerful looks) decides to commit suicide, but it seems that the reason is entirely because he is a lone genius who can not get a fit, not because his character dies, as in the famous trail of Jack Chick (which happens later, and almost seems to be doing it deliberately in order to finish the Daniels game and to indicate everything to come to play his game. In fact, the ability to play live roles in caves it seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing!) And in what is perhaps the most beautiful scene in the movie, Kate, who looks very attractive in the mail, looks straight into the camera and says something like, "The most terrible monsters are in our minds." The biggest element of fantasy in this movie are two robbers who carry a rich couple so they can rob a dirty type of homeless man of his magic beings. A repetitive theme ("We are a path for the 1980s) may have been finally moving, but as a way to start a movie, it's really depressing and it seems unreasonable. And for the last mystery, our hero, having full Pardu regalia, has a psychotic pause, becomes his character completely and moves on his quest, and of course the first thing he does is change into street clothes of the 20th century. Perhaps the film is irrational, but I suppose it is dealing with an irrational subject. That day, the circle of children with cubes and pencils was considered infected and possibly possessed, and you could go crazy if you spoke mumbo-jumbo. Anti-game paranoia is mostly summed up in the first scene, where a reporter asks a policeman what is happening, a policeman says that children have been lost in tunnels and that there is a chance that some lies and monsters are involved. The journalist admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his children to play it), then he turns to the camera and pushes a polished spy blaming the game for everything and does not recognize the possibility of another explanation. In the end, his masterpiece is not interesting, but it is interesting as TV films are made.
