Style, but not substance. It's not as funny as it should be. Not as deep as he wants. This is another in the genre of films about the difficulties of film creativity. A young film worker is hired to complete a film of the 60s called Codename: Dragonfly. Think about Barbarella, or Danger Diabolikue. But Jeremi Davies is a film director. He is not a hacker, he is an artist. The film he wants to make is a diary of his life. Hardly original. All characters outside of the director Jeremy Davies are thin as a rice paper. Characters that might be interesting, such as his father, his duplicate, or Jason Schwarzmann as a hack director, are presented and then displayed without adding stuff. This film is full of sweets, but when compared to other filmmakers such as Stardust Memories or 8 1/2 it fades in comparison. These films are funny, provocative with well-developed characters. These films have lessons that are applied outside the film. The film wants to be comical and silly, but only its derivative and there is no funny scene. The authors of the film describe it as sent, but what is the satirical target? Actors say it's a hommage, but I think I'd rather be in the full length of the version of Codename: Dragonfly. Coppola is obviously amusing by what is seen from the visual humor of sci-fi movie. in the movie. But she does not manage to say why we should be entertained. Outside science fiction, it's just a mess. There are continuing errors, the director chooses sci-fi weapons after being selected. A table? Just because it has a scene, a filmmaker faces criticism complaining about the lack of a story, the lack of a point, a scene in which he recognizes empty mind does not mean that he addressed himself. I suppose if your Roman Coppola can draw with a film about an idealistic film director who does not know what he wants to say and so he does not say anything. In this sense it can be considered autobiographical. I would look at Circuit City on a wall full of TVs so I had the choice. Watch the 15-minute code name: Dragonfli movies included on DVD as plug-ins and then send them back.
