A few weeks ago, the German satellite "SAT1" advertised this film as "TV event of the year" - I apologize, but on TV I saw better things this year. I did not think much about the movie, but I soon recalled two more terrible movies when I watched the commercial - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar: "heroin" (if it can really so call it) in the middle and her Two "loved" beside her - Pearl Harbor, anybody? In fact, the story of love is a version of the poor man in Pearl Harbor and she was already poor! But as I like to watch movies and analyze their patterns, I finally decided to watch that trash. The film begins when the doctor leaves his family for a military attack on Russia at the end of the Third Reich, promising his wife to return. Now we are going to the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war, and allies and Russia took over the country and both try to eliminate each other for world power and their ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I suppose you already know this story, because you have to know - the movie does not bother so much and it literally deals with historical facts. The film attempts to portray the US government as an angel and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during air transport, especially the United Kingdom, responsible for almost a quarter of the meals, although their country is bombarded from a country they are trying to help. What was also quite disturbing was the historical remarks that people said in the film, as when a hero's mother tells her daughter that Germany could split in two cases with a response like, "It's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were just playing similar mustaches and he would look like him) says Russia must stop the spread of Coca Cola in Germany. Yes, if Stalin ever said something like this. Or there is an American pilot who tells a guy for bread with meat and everything he can - please! Burgers were invented by VAI before that time. In a movie that you once saw as a map showing the airline, it's enough that the map looks like it came out of a laser printer - '48. The US general Lucius Clai, who had the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin, was portrayed as a man who was mean and disingenuous and all the ideas he had historically had, for example, air transport, and the improvement of this idea came from the fictitious character of Philip Turner, interest of the main actress who brings me to other aspects: Insufficient African-American soldiers in the movie, there were two in the whole movie! Relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed, and the discovery of such a relationship would send the American soldier home. I do not want to say that there was no connection at all, but in this movie there was a married couple who had almost died, that there was no death in his fake CGI plane that looked terribly unrealistic, especially a CGI fire! If there were not enough Americans in this film, he spoke German accent, even though they were only in Germany for some months - it seems that I am an American living in Germany, and even I I have a little accent. Children's play was particularly bad - children had two facial expressions: "Normal-I-look-monotonous-like-robot" and grinning. Overall, the film was boring from beginning to end, too slow, especially a love story that was the same as in Pearl Harbor only half the dialogue. It's sad that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second day after SAT1 won two consecutive victories in the overall market share and an incredible victory in a commercially relevant group. But as I always think: the biggest bunch of shit is where the most fly goes.
