First, I must note that I really enjoyed ISHII Katsuhit's previous film "Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl". Although he owed Tarentin's "Pulp Fiction", Ishi's actor's story was in line with the task of carrying the story, and the entire film burst from energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and Gashin Tatsuya were particularly interesting. There were actions, intrigues, bizarre characterization, enough sex to make things interesting, and extremely unpredictable stories. So with a certain amount of expectations and optimism I began to watch "Party 7". "And my enthusiasm was certainly excited by the initial credits, which left my wife and me really amazed how dynamic and exciting the combination of anime and live-action work was brilliant! Then the real movie began. In fact, it's not so much "started" as some kind of moving in the side door and stood there, looping through the pockets, looking uncomfortable. The whole film is taking place in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur paradise (a little borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ... "), the second is the travel agent's office, and the third (and by far the most more used) is a scant hotel room There are seven characters in that room and ... not doing anything about it Really I am not a stranger to the movies that speak. One of my favorites for the whole time is "My Dinner with Andrea", the strangest of all "My Dinner with Andrea" is much more exciting, and only two middle-aged men talk about their life for dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Valas Sean are telling interesting stories. Acting performance "Part 7" literally just breathed one for the other for the whole movie. "No, you do not have it!" "Yes I know!" "No, really not!" "Yes, I really am!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, really ... "I hope you got an idea. I wish the director had it." The Party 7 is an incredibly unexpected movie. There is only the smallest number of complications (money stolen from Iacuze, just like in "Shark Skin Man ..."), followed almost without action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are mostly uninteresting. It seemed that Ishii pulled out the conversational moments from Tarentin's films and made the whole movie around them. But Tarentin's conversations always have their inner logic and wit ("They call it Roial, cheese"). It's not like a dialogue that's boring than you can imagine. "" If there was not a short, hilarious comedy from Gashin (which is always beautiful) and a low-performance performance from the great ASANO Tadanoobu, I would give "Party 7" a star. It was really a job to finish it all.
