Since I saw the other three, I realized that I could catch that for the fourth part of the Omen series. As a stand-alone film, this film is central; but as a continuation of the masterpiece from 1976; It's a travesty. The film goes with the same route as many series fall when their idea runs out; it's an idea to change male leadership into a woman. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, because the acting is very standard, the action has no idea, and the dreadful scenarios of murder seen in the previous three are kept at a minimum without blood. The film retains the thread with the original, which I will not reveal, although it is obvious; this discovery is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basics of the plot largely copy the original Richard Donner's and see the young couple who adopt a child, called Delia (fortunately not Damiella or Damian). It's a big dog and a child guard; and soon the woman starts to suspect that the child may not be quite normal; such as menstruation in eight years, and never suffered from any illnesses ... The first two sequels of The Omen were not at all bad at all, and the series really should have ended in number three. I suppose the money was included somewhere down because there is really no artistic reason why this film should have been made. It does not bring anything to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing that will succeed in this is boring fans of the series. The film looks and feels like a TV movie to the end and is mostly shown as a film about the problematic upbringing of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never assures that she is an Antichrist, because her views are superfluous, and most of the 'evil' she does is ridiculous. Faie Grant gets the most dramatic role and does not impress; while the rest of the actors regret that they agree that they will be in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme melody, which is, of course, taken off the original; and used extensively. On the whole, this film is really not worth the attention; because it does not bring anything for which the series is known, and even does not justify a weaker second continuation.
