and it is. It is through my experience that when a horror film reaches the status of a "franchise", then the following titles are published, all in turn turning into an unavoidable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening does not make any exception to this rule, with another little child who allegedly accepts their role as Anti-Christ, foretold by religious prophecy. Have not we seen this before? Was it not enough that during the period of three films before this edition, experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror lover, as I do, you will realize that it is common for a horror movie that has many sequels and signs with its credit to disappear in redundancy - Children Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list continues. At this moment in the game, I'm sure you know what you can expect when you are ready to look at the fourth title in the series. Regardless, there are moments when you relax and realize how many film authors are shameless. Omen IV: Awakening is exactly this - and a shameful money-making exercise. This film does not offer anything new or intriguing to Omen's line. Unique and true as Omen IV tries to compare with his brothers and sisters, similarities and planning devices are shamefully similar. Elements such as a dog keeper, the participation of priests, the skepticism of the people who participated, the scenes of cut off death (apparently honoring the original film when the journalist is cut off from the glass) ... even to the participation of a father in politics and prestige in the community make him too predictable . Although it is usual for the B-Rated actor to be included in the title of horror so far in the series, the acting is out of scale, full of ridicule and unintentional humor due to some bad things delivered the lines through this film. The atmosphere has disappeared completely from the first three titles. In addition, the epic composition that Goldsmith composed in previous films was replaced by an audible debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was really intended to be used for this movie or just pulled out of a "bank" of sound supplies ... which really says something, because I rarely comment on the misuse of the musical until now. All in all, I would call Omen IV: A Rebellion Failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to hit the mark, and some do not. If you are interested in making another comma on your chronicle, as I am for the purpose of finishing, you might also be able to include this title in it - if not for fun, then appreciate when the movie is running properly or badly.
