*** SPOILERS *** Like some evil Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance combination of the double game that we have in the "Omen IV" evil seed of the late AntiChrist Damien Thorn returns. Terrorizing the parents of their schoolmates to their neighbors and finally the whole world as the one called Delia Iork, Asia Vieila. After being given the "meritorious" pair, Iorks Karen & Gene, Fai Grant & Michael Voods, in the orphanage of St. Franciscans of the Catholic Church. Little Delia did not waste time making your peasant feelings. waving his mom at home party. Later Delia almost died of a fugitive truck just to save this Devil Dog named Rider. Going to school Delia takes care of the local abuser by persuading a big guy to sink in front of all his colleagues. Later, when his father threatened with a lawsuit in York, his head was cut off in a traffic accident! Delia is someone you never fuck with if you know what's good for you. In the meantime, Dali's father Gene becomes a great man in the city himself, or he thinks, if he is elected to the Congress as a Champion of pure air and green trees crowding instead of concrete and concrete guys take the neighborhood with their eyes now on the very White house! Did his brotherly and strange daughter Delia have anything to do with the sudden happiness of Gene? Only later, when Jo, Ann Hearen, was hired as a nanny's nanny to make the truth come out of her strange and evil powers. Jo and Nev Age guy realizes that Delia is a bit strange, after she turned all her white crystals into black, and called her Nev Age Guru Noaha, Jim Birnes, to come and check her. Noah is so upset with what she sees in Delia Kirilian's color vibes, all black and blue with her little red fingers, which makes him so bad that he almost hit the Delia car. On the journey to the psychiatrist festival, Jo Delia turns the whole event into hell, which sets the spot, through mental telepathy, into the fire and excites everyone who is running there, including the poor Noah who was at the festival and ended up with a broken leg. The guru was so shaken by his entire experience to be later out of the country to become a desert in the Tibetan wilderness. Joe was later thrown out, with the help of the sweet and cute family lover Rider, the second-door window until her death, because she knew and talked too much. Then Karen is again pregnant to decide, finally, to find out the truth about the true parents of Delia. Then she and we in the audience face the truth. She is not just an intimidated AntiChrist of Revelations, she's his twin sister! And her brother AntiChrist will appear on the scene as her brother, the unborn Alekander York! Three times there was more than enough to bring the AntiChrist back to the ground to bring Armageddon. A film that the audience was already tired of by him and his evil adventures. The fourth is really not necessary because Daimen Thorn, the original AntiKrist, was dead and buried for years. We walked through the usual bell, and nobody believed that little Delia was "You" AntiChrist, until it was almost too late to stop in his deadly rounds of the destruction of the entire human race. The film is as bad as it is too long, 97 minutes, because a horror movie that could say it's only 80 minutes. Having private eyes Earl Knight, Mchael Pupil, and later former Catholic sister Ivona, Megan Lehch, and now Faith's healer in the movie just to be killed, also did not help complicating. It only prolonged the suffering of those who watched the film. You could see how the surprise ended almost as soon as the film "Omen IV" began to release the bases for Delia's takeover of a civilized and uncivilized world. What was a little surprising was that Delia did it with little help from a friend.
