Omen IV: The awakening begins at 'St. Frances Orphanage, in which wife and girlfriend Karen (Faith Grant) and Gene Iork (Michael Voods) get a girl named Sisters Ivonne (Megan Leitch) they adopted, they call Delia. At first things go well, but as the years go by and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows Karen becomes suspicious of her until death and disaster accompany her, Karen is convinced that she is herself evil. Karen then finds out she's pregnant, but reveals a devious plot to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who was the right Father of Delia ... He directed Dominic Othenin-Girard who either abandoned or dismissed and replaced by Jorge Montesi who completed the film, although he was bothered by anyone to guess like Omen IV: The awakening is absolutely terrible and embarrassing compared to the famous predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is hilarious, I'm not sure whether this nonsense really looked good as a written word on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong that I think it's hard to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: Awakening falls on his face and it really works better if you watch him as a comedy, I think of the scene by the time the detective comes face to face with a bunch of zombie carol singers singing the evil Gothic song must be seen to them it was believed and I thought it was absolutely funny and funny to the same extent. Then there's a meaningless difference between this and other Omen movies in that this time is a young girl, the question I ask is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason and is not used at all for any effect. Then, of course, there is a stupid shift in the end that claims that Delia retained her brother's embryo in her, and that in an evil plot involving a group of Satanic worshipers embedded in Karen so that she can give birth to an antichrist, she encounters only ordinary nonsense. At first it has some fun value in how bad it is, but unintentional joy gives way to boredom sooner rather than later. It's obviously impossible to know how much Omen IV: The awakening was directed by Girard & Montessie, but you can say that everything was not well behind the camera, because it's running out, a cheap look was a badly made movie that was actually made for TV and is shown with mild, flat and unimaginative cinemas and production design. Then, there is a complete lack of fear, atmosphere, tension and bloodyness, which are the main elements that made previous Omen films so effective. The budget was certainly pretty low and the movie looks like it was. Best Style Style Omen IV: Awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises in the air while Delia goes remotely to discover a cross in the form of a cross made with two overlapping paths, but this is the last bullet before the final bonus that talks about everything. I must mention music that sounds terrible, more suited for comedy and very inadequate sounding. The act is at best fine, but as usual, the kid is upset. Omen IV: Awakening is a garbage, it's a totally funny movie that tries to be serious and end up as silly. The change of director probably did not even help, but this is not an excuse. Omen's last film so far, after the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and Final Conflict (1981), which are far superior to this.
