I recently decided to re-visit Omen's trilogy to discover that [insert demonic music] is the fourth. I did not expect much from that, and in that sense he certainly fulfilled my expectations. If you're watching bad laughter movies, then that may be a movie for you. Oh, where to start? From the very beginning, "made for TV" was the appearance and impression of the movie was obvious. Music was often incompatible with what was happening in the film and therefore (at best) hindered it. The script had all the uncertainty of the 8-year fiction. But one thing that must be said is that the missing script was very well paired with a terrible acting. Numerous scenes left me to think whether it was a script or acting that was a source of ridicule. The story itself is pretty skinny, focused on all the crazy antiquities of daughter Damien Thorn, adopted. wicked conduct and bad behavior of nuns. There are usually many mysterious and intricate deaths that have personally gripped me while the "drama" has taken place, and the usual third-party investigator in the whole thing. Later, through some medical phenomena, Damien Thorn Jnr is born. And this quite rounds up the plot. The whole thing has been done pretty bad from the very beginning, due to the lack of uncertainty that the film makes a monotone and / or funny scene for another. Was there a lot of VTF?!? and moments that provide unwanted comedy relief. For example, what about the main reaction at the beginning of the film when the baby scratches his mother's face? It's hard to turn your head 360 degrees. I also laughed because of an overreaction to baptism. The baby cries and everyone looks worried. An upset mother runs out of the church and the priest remains very upset as she crosses. Huh? Then, there is a modern-day nanny who seems to have a carte blanche at the presentation of eight-year-olds to all kinds of alternative spiritualism. I laughed when the nanny proposed to bring the worried Delia to a psychological fair to meet the hippie friends of the nannies and the mother only shrugged and allowed. "Yes, it's the groves, fill the head of my 8-year-old daughter with problems with all these mystical things. It's cool. I do not have to be there." Of course, this could be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt an adult Rottweiler with whom she encounters in the street, who could bite the little girls to die. The entire scene at a psychic fair is fairly comical in some way, from the horrified reactionary views of the psychic to Delia, to the next hell. I also laughed at how being considered a nurse. "Strange accident". Here we have a religious fanatic (which is described as part of a cult), who fanatically preaches in a pits full rush to prove that God's Glory will protect them. It antagonizes the snakes by treating them and SOME have bitten it several times. It's hardly an accident. More like a successful attempt at suicide. The snake-against-monk scene was not the only comical death. There was a car accident at a slower speed that resulted in a bifurcation on a school parking lot. Then, there is a ball to demolish a slow motion that went straight to the detective. I believe I may have gone and cooked coffee when the slow motion started to just come back to see that the demolition ball still went straight to the "worried" detective. Then, there is also an essentially deadly person who shot - cliches, where the gun fires and both behave like they were firing for a few seconds while exchanging horrifying views. Then somebody descends down the stairs revealing who is the real victim. In addition, the death of a priest at the beginning of the film seemed a bit strange and meaningless to me. Run around watching the architecture of the church. Apparently this is quite disturbing, he collapses in the end, clutching his chest and dying. Apparently, something demonic was happening, because that was what the music suggested. Ummm. OK. I'm surprised that others watched this movie in a favorable way, and especially as a "worthy sequel". It's hard not to notice a non-sensual scenario, unrealistic acting and improper music. The film has no uncertainty, relying on Delia's "demonic view" to deliver a sense of horror, which after a short time becomes quite boring. Bottom line: This is a bad movie with the only redeemable feature that is an unintended potential to be a comedy.
