Only the Antichrist could stand behind such a catastrophe. Just hoping that this irony was a motivating force behind the "movie"! This film was so bad that it forced me to register with the IMDb, finally, only to be able to destroy it. What makes this film even more tragic is that it had such a great source! I've never seen a movie in which all the elements were so grotesquely central that the result would be smaller than the sum of its parts. It may seem insignificant, but I want to start with the result. As a proud owner of a musical degree, I must report my indignation! I was torn between laughter and a dry sigh as I listened to what John Scheffer did to Goldsmith's brilliant result; it was much more than any burlesque scene of death, and almost equally unintentionally comical. It's by far the most unacceptable result I've heard of, so, I really can not think even worse. Maybe JAVS 4? As for the complication ... I'm sorry. Mysticism of the New Age ??? What happened to the persistent realism of the original trilogy? In these films (more in the first two, but in the third, but still!), Naturally it was mostly implied, and it was this subtlety that made films so creepy convincing. Here we have crystals that are black (calling all Skeksis and Mystic !!) and reverse crucifix in abundance, although in some scenes crucifuk would be perfectly normal, but for the angle of the camera. There has been a purified psychological manipulation that has captured the weakness inherent in our collective psyche: it is a rugged "slap in the face" of recycled cliches and transparent incompetence. Add to that the leading "actress" who is so incredibly burdened to passionately thank the director on those scenes from which she is absent. I've never seen a little girl who is so fundamentally irritating because little Stephanie destroyed ALL IN A FAMILY. In addition, I do not have strong feelings on this topic ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are skillful enough. in order to make this wreckage of the lost celluloid train inconsistent or, to a large extent, a study on how to not make a movie. Viever bevare! May cause vomiting if you are lucky.
