After only 15 minutes in this film, I started to miss earlier, much more important films by Zhang Iimou who looked at China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His turn in the martial arts was a serious misstep in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst movie from Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complicated story and a cast of drum than that of John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu does not differ. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for several years (and he understands and can speak some Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others because I come from different backgrounds. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung-fu movie, and it's certainly not a wicked pian movie. There are no elements for sword and return here. This is a completely different vehicle from endless movies that can be watched, such as the Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), Butterfly Killings, Green Snake, and so on. While they all contained charismatic leaders who seemed to really enjoy what they do, SMMF is characterized by mild, and sometimes ridiculous, dialogue in combination with cardboard. Zhang Ziii plays a blind person like Ben Affleck. There is a movie of superiority that is really offensive. It is taken so seriously that it just becomes an ultimate joke. All actors seem to be the most significant part of the celluloid in history, destroying every chance of truly transmitting emotions, and the complete nonsense about it really makes you wonder if Zhang Iimou made a movie per se, or simply exhibited it. (ie "ego booster") for Zhang Ziii. The camera literally makes up with her face and she is sexually abused more than once, but twice in the movie. Her acting scene did not really spread from her ability to play naive "in" itching. So she is focused on her acting, she finds herself cold and lifeless, as if reading her lines with an unknown one. It's weird to hear that American critics and filmmakers (like the completely unknown Quentin Tarantino) call this film a masterpiece. I guess if they see a bunch of Asian actors on the screen that look very important while they fly through the bamboo forest, they're cheated to think it's a great movie shoot. The Ching Siu Tung choreography, while still retaining its protective style, editing and keeping, lacks the vitality and originality of its earlier films such as: The Story of the Chinese Spirit, Dragon Inn and Duel to Death. It's sad to say that the wire in this movie is really supportive, and if there's a subtle / obvious network, then you should not shoot at a high speed. The same goes for special effects that have the B-film feeling towards them. Peas, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown) regardless of logic, turning, climbing, and banking as if they were a small pilot. I know that logic does not really take a place in stylized Chinese martial arts movies, but if you do not want to cause a massive amount of giggles from your audience, then you should probably work more on the composition. Massive melodrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring scenes of fighting, really uninspired complications of complications are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Iimou no longer makes films for the Chinese audience. This should break into the western market, as CTHD did. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Iimou wants to make Hollywood movies, it's definitely the right start. SMMF is at the heart of The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts. I thought Hero was bad.
