Some children walk the mountains, and one of them goes to a big tunnel and discovers an old mummified gladiator. He put on a gladiator helmet and spent the rest of the film killing all the other walkers. This thing is so completely meaningless that it is disturbing. Here are short lists of things that do not make sense: 1) A guy and a girl are in their tent and they think they hear something outside. The guy goes out to investigate and finds another outlet outside. Then she sees her girlfriend's screaming and returns to the tent - they arrive the next morning?!? He was only 50 feet away! 2) These two dundhehede then hear how another girl screams (What, 100 feet away?), But do not investigate because they are afraid they will be lost. 3) The other guy and the girl walk around, and the girl on the tenth scene together informs the man that because of the circumstances the protocol no longer requires him to address himself as a professor. I mean, what ...? First, it's really stupid to say, secondly, he never called his professor in the first nine scenes in which they were together. 4) The wounded girl attacks the Demonic and he stops, telling her that part of his gladiator training he learned how to wound up without killing. Um, yes, we noticed she was wounded and she was not dead because she was up and walking around. But, thank you for this information. 5) One girl is tied in Demonicus's lair, and when someone tries to free her, she has sent that person to go and get help. You see, idiot, if you free yourself, which would take about 5 seconds, there would be no need for help. It only goes on and continues. The whole middle part of the film was carried out with two idiots who lost themselves in the woods, and then struggled, then sent out a tent and ignored the cries of their friends, and then wandered a little further. It's so damn bored and meaningless that I turned off the DVD halfway. None of these signs is pleasant, especially those who get most of the time on the screen. Demonicus himself laughed aloud every time I saw him - he looks like a child in a Halloween costume, pushing his face to look evil. He runs, or I say skippers like he's gay. Special effects are comical, acting is mostly horrible, and nothing makes any sense. All in all, maybe this concept could produce a pleasant movie, if it takes more time and effort in it, the release of funny dialogue, the creation of characters with real sympathetic characters, who have some kind of logical flow to action, and perhaps even Demonicus make up a female character in sexy gladiator equipment. But no, instead, we get this ridiculous pile of nonsense that will bore you to death.
