All right, I rented this movie of a clown-motorized massacre, which was not much expected, but I liked the new approach to the serial killer movie. (on the back of the box is the next synopsis) "In the beginning, it was just a joke - a mystery surrounding a camp fire - for five friends who were staying in a remote cabin in a Texan forest. But when they began to disappear one by one - one replaced the bloody parts of the body and the voodoo figures, the remaining few fight for their lives, but he is there somewhere. He is ill and everything he wants is blood ... "Apparently, it does not work from the beginning. No point: why Is this clown in the woods? Why Clown? Why are the dolls with the word "food" drawn on them? Why why? It's hard to answer this in 1 hour and 30 minutes. He wore a fest except where this clown lived. The characters are stupid guys, stupid girls, and hell are a lot of nastiness. One particular girl they brought from the restaurant to the road, which she thought they should help, was disturbed by some kind of person she knew. What does this justify as an excuse to bring the girl into your circle of friends or in their cabin? She, of course, begins to plant seeds of jealousy, that men have sex with her by feeding their stupid minds all they want to hear. The music was an average affair (standard frenzied music keyboards like in any horor film without distinction). The actors seemed to have been brought out of a soap opera by the way they complained and were buzzing about everything. The idea that the main character in the movie takes this girl into the cabin, because their first meeting is a really terrible date, but of course, he unrealistically surrenders to him on the first night of meeting him. There seemed to be no budget to be spent, but there were clown clothes and many cheap dolls sold in the woods, which was a terribly pale spot for shooting the whole movie (done too many times). . I waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining four characters of the film (perhaps through the glass), but nothing like the one never got into the movie. I suppose you should just like the clown to be a killer or something. I had to give the movie 3. It was an interesting premise (a clown like the character Tekas Chainsav Massacre, essentially) and I'll give them a star to act seriously until the movie can be fully seen in the style of B-movie , but they chose a more legitimate video style. But in the end, I would probably like to hire Killer Klovns from Mars again before I return to check this. Ah, but that wrapper ... pretty good drawing.
