Lucky me! I've got that dick on this poor "horror" movie from Artisan Entertainment recently before hitting the video shelves and telling you ... I rarely laughed so much in my life as I watched this terrible megabomb fly off the track and steal the title ' the worst clown movie ever made of an unbearable stupid fijas full moon KILLJOI (I'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered this problem!) was filmed at DV, and that does not really 'look' everything that is bad quality for a digital but boy It ever succeeds poorly in every other area where counts! Story (Slightly) and Cliché as it is) goes as follows ... Executive (Ken Hebert, also scriptwriter and co-producer with director) takes a skeptical collaborator Traci (Amanda Vatson) and a horned couple Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) on a weekend break in the (zeh) lonely cabin "12 miles" from the nearest city. On the way to there, they pick up a bitch / slutty car seat (Melissa Bale) at the bar and end up at their destination where the night camp story of a killer clown lurking in the same wooded area is accomplished when each of the vulgar-poor friends with the stream of smokers disappears one by one, and leaving only the mutilated parts of the dolls behind to tell the story of their destinies. The clown killer does not even appear in the movie until the end and does not look anything like a demonic view on the video box (except that it's morbidly obese). Basically, he spends an hour sneaking through the woods, cutting wood and chattering children's songs. I can not say a lot of bad things about actors, especially about two guys and an autoplay chick who either deliver their blinking dialogue with a minimum of enthusiasm or excessively in the most adverse weather. It does not help the script completely and completely deprived of uncertainty, originality, intelligence, general coherence or humor. I could talk for days about how much this film is rude, how many mistakes are in continuity, and how amateurish it is in the whole production, but I will just nod in my head, pointing out that the whole package is quite a mess in that boy, and that's bullshit. It has also been noted that the film was released in the US as SICK (Serial Killer from Clown). It is currently cataloged under his (original title) GRIM VEEKEND. Result: 1 out of 10
