Far from providing a caffeine blow that you would expect from a movie that shares his name with warm beverages that most fuel the energy, Coffi strives and never rises above what is just a story of revenge. Indeed, if the film was a cup of coffee, it would be pretty weak and watery, full of a few undesirable remains and would lack a long lasting taste. Sporadically, it appears on the spot, but otherwise it's not a hot action drama that she hopes will be. Coffi is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and brings justice to drugs, nannies, mobs-suckers who hooked her younger sister into a perverse, diseased state. A socio-political commentary on the difficult situation of urban black youth in the United States is highlighted in Coffey, and makes some of the things that are causing contemplation like the Coffi Crusade against political corruption and racism of the White establishment benefit and act as a parasite of targeted African American minorities. Unfortunately, timely messages are undermined by poor film quality and lack of focus. Coffie's ideas are important, but they are not well targeted. One of the plus points of Coffi is the presence of the Blakploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier deals with her role and enjoys an attractive action heroin while shooting a series of scum in her often spectacular acts of violence (how to deal with a house full of hoods? Drive your car through the front door!). It's just a shame that the story turns on in some cases, spending time on compression as much as possible of sexual exploitation. The low budget could not help but also the fact that Blakploitation flick, Coffi has no slots. Just as problems are disturbed by a lack of quality, both fun and excitement are affected by moments of drowsiness and wrong guidance. The total score is labor and wooden. We got heroin, but not a hip movie. It is a pity that Coffi has his moments and should be rightfully considered a key film in Blakploitation craziness; it just never rises above the average, lukewarm number.
