How can I start watching a movie that will soon be recognized as the "worst film of all time" from the "worst director of all time"? A film that could develop a cult that follows because "it's so bad that it's good?" The analytical approach that criticizes the film seems to be meaningless and partly syndrome band wagon - let's go free without a concern about the reaction because every other person on earth does it, and people who love the film as it is because of those shortcomings that we would like to mention. Universal poor film quality is not talked about - Sixteen years of alcohol 'It's not without competition for the title of the worst film, so it has to fall fairly low in order to get the title and keep it, but I believe this movie could go away. IMDb does not allow enough words to cite all movie failures, and it's much easier to set up the 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' elements in order. Unfortunately, these moments of fame have so far been buried in the shadow of poverty of this film that it is a task that is not worth the search. My impressions? I thought I knew what I was getting into, they warned me to take a few cups of coffee before I sat down to watch this (I wish the suggestion was a cup of vodka). Despite my low expectations, 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' did not entertain me even on 'ridiculing a bad movie'. Not only bad but also unpleasantly bad, as if Jobson deliberately tried to make this film poetic, but he exaggerated and pushed poetry down our throat making it deep but fun. ... and supposedly, Jobson sincerely tried to make a good movie? Even after watching the promotional literature "Sixteen Years of Alcohol", I have trouble convincing Jobson's sincerity. Senseless and disgusting to the end with a few moments of smiling / crying (I'm sure no one deliberately spiced up a movie, and these few elements prevented me from turning off the DVD. So bad is it okay? It was enough 'I can not believe this is a serious movie moment' to prevent me from turning it off, and nothing more. Definitely a movie to watch with a group of bad - movie connoisseurs. Start your own comment. That would greatly enhance my experience. It's so bad that Mike Miers commented on his cod in Scotland as Scottish emphasis on him as he moved, in order to turn the entire piece of sludge into a comic farce "Ok, I dare, man, pass me an annuder gliss dat viskeia."
