I feel like I was a cheater, do not fall into it. After reading gloving reviews (the director was a film critic with Ski years, so he must have a lot of friends in the newspaper ready to do the service by writing favorable reviews). I expected solid acting, atmosphere, uncertainty, strong characterization, intriguing complications of development and poetic moments. Unfortunately, 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol', it does not meet the promise of critics, it mainly sacrifices these qualities instead of the raw low-budget special effects (what was the cliché's scenes of the scene?), The unrealistic choreography of the struggle, and a foolish story that disturbs the mind, clickable changes and corners of the camera. 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' is starting to be interesting with some nice shots in Scotland, but from here it's just downhill. Unfortunately, instead of spending an atmosphere for building time, creating characters for which we can take care, or building uncertainty - the director decides to start crawling with self-satisfying loud copying. The main characters are so insensitive and they behave badly - the audience does not care for them, the desperate actors of desperate things ... like this movie! To make matters worse, 'homage's' (typically for a director who tries to pay off debts to former masters) are either totally cliché or unconvincing. Soundtrack was the only thing that picked me up and kept me in the cinema, but it was not even supported by a dramatic narrative linking the time period with the action. For some reason, the film has become smaller and I'm sincere dull. I still watched the whole damn thing! I guess I liked the attempt of real realism in the film, but even the one that was destroyed when they were often cut off by strange and abstract, sometimes pointless scenes. You do not need a huge budget to make a really mobile movie, so much is said about how little money they had to make this movie, half a million is not a small money ... YES NO CHALLENGES! Sometimes I wonder what the actors are ... Or their agents thought! Pass this party unless you are masochistic or foolish .... DO NOT MY STAR 1.5 / 10
