Users who rated this movie so easily simply could not see enough good movies to compare it. Have all brainwashed the brain? I rarely felt so disappointed with the movie, and some of them can be attributed to the funny hyper that surrounds this movie. From the first time, BU is just a movie to pursue. Pick it up at the end of a run and go straight to the other. And others. And others. And others. Do you see the pattern that appears? There is virtually no time "lost" on the plot, character development or boring old reality. If you have not seen the other two Bourne films, you're pretty much lost. If you have - just WANT you that you are lost - somewhere far from the cinema. Paul Greengrass's impartial style worked extremely well on United 93, which was an overload of feelings that desperately wanted to happen, but Bourne and His endless troubles only have the effect of removing the audience from involvement with the character. He runs. He jumps. He hits. He's blown up. Cleans high buildings. Iada iada iada. Above all - he SURVIVES. He survives as a plastic "Action Man" who survives, which only makes funny stops that are even more relaxing and have no tension. So he leaves the building? So what? They'll survive. Iavn. There's a girl thrown into the micro because Bourne's love love died in the previous incarnation, but she's just a décor. I saw more of a depth and quick dialogue character in Captain Scarlet's episodes. Bourne's own journey of literary self-knowledge is bored and formless and does not tell us anything we did not know from the first film. He was turned into a killing machine. Very important. He learns his real identity. So what? There is no emotional resonance when it comes. The ending of the "screw" is telegraphed and weak. Oh, my dear, the more I think about this film, I hate it anymore! I have already reduced my score to 4 during this comment! I'd better finish before the slide continues. I love a good action movie and I love a good thriller. Bourne Ultimatum is neither one nor the other. It's a loud, boring set of sweeping changes, funny sound effects and cartoon violence. The idea that this "shows the way" Bond franchise is the ultimate shit. Casino Roiale throws him out of the water.
