I could not believe that this film dates back to 2007, he had all odds of under-average horror. Did not they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Did they not know that in post-millennium, violence in the alleged horror and / or scifi film should be at least graphic? Or I misunderstood the purpose, was it supposed to be a profound and meaningful story about man and animal, linked to a great cycle of life, or a warning to mankind not to crawl with nature, or something like that? It does not matter, either as it turned out to be wrong and this film has fallen on all accounts. First of all: the premise is very incredible. If at some point you are able to replace the total eye, no responsible medical scientist would start his first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, it is completely unprofessional. And all this obviously without the patient's consent?! And why choose for eyes that have a completely unusual color for people, and make the victim look like a freak ?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the film had normal dark eyes like puppies, could they not wait for such a pattern? The story is poor, it's about this poor Aaron who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like a wolf-donor (or at least, that's what I think about it) and then it is being persecuted by some soldiers. Especially this last part is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with vision for night vision!), But as the operation does not work because of the obvious nervous breakdown of the patient, it's beyond me why you're going to kill him. Why not leave it alone and look for another useful recipient? (soldier-volunteer perhaps?). And why try to kill all the others that are connected with the poor Aaron, is not it a little steep ?! Who in general are these soldiers, I hope that there will not be a US army or government, they act as psychopaths, walk around the hospital waving automatic weapons, plundering private apartments like those who are seeking a public enemy # 1, and are shown in the end Completely lack of discipline in the forest, like a bunch of frightened schoolchildren, panic and random shooting. Aaron, for some inexplicable medical reason, feels like a wolf after an eye transplant. Why would that be? Suddenly he sees the vision of wandering wolves. What is this? Do we need to believe that memories of the donor wolf are located in his eyes?!? And that the recipient of these eye balls also adopts the wolf's desire for red (life) meat and can jump from the balcony of a high 30 feet and the land unlined to all four as a cat (can a wolf do that??!). The act (or its disadvantage) did not help the credibility of all this: everyone stumbles through their lines as wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she may be beautiful but she can only come up with one expression (disturbed ) and some unkown mumbling about the power of nature, and it's bloody why Aaron is suddenly everywhere in her (but hey, it probably had to have at least one love scene)!). I really sympathized with actor Cori Monteith, who looks like a good guy with a pretty face, but did not give him much to do. She must run around bare chests for more than half of the movie, which could have been fun to watch, but then they chose someone with a more impressive stance, Monteith should really leave a shirt. His (few) murders and attacks are barely shown, we just hear the pronunciation and crying of fear, and then another victim lies Aaron with a little more blood on the face and chest. Not much for a modern sci-fi horror! The only good acting came from Justine Bateman, and I really like to see her matured in a beautiful and elegant 40-year-old lady. She did everything she could with her stupid lines and even convinced me that with this good intent I was a doctor, but they made her person a kind of weakness, which the leader of these soldiers completely commanded. What a damn thing the script did not make it rise a bit more! In the end, this is a gloomy and quite boring movie, scary or exciting, with incredible events, many overtones of wolf-like visuals moving across the forests and slopes. (who cares?!?), some pretentious Indian rampage about Man and Nature and an uneven music party with pop songs at the most appropriate moments. I suppose the word "superfluous" covers everything.
