A hybrid begins as a planet waterguard for water treatment Aaron Scates (Cori Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him dead. Fortunately, it just happened that the brilliant scientist dr. Andrea Hevitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris developed an organ transplant operation from one species to another, Hevitt decides that Aaron will be perfect for his first human experiment. Hevitt and her team are transplanting Wolf's eyes to Aaron and he miraculously returns sight. Great, is not it? Well, not long after Aaron starts to cry while he sees random images of Vuk and begins to develop lust for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and goes to escape, but he is too valuable to be freed, and a full size search is set to capture him ... Director Jelena Lanskaja is another scientific offer Fi a channel that is pretty simply terrible in every possible way, I think she probably started life as a real 'Creature Feature', but ended up as one of the most incredible and boring Sci-Fi Channel movies I've ever seen. It is even characterized by any kind of monster or creature. The hybrid is horrible, the script is terrible and I'm not sure who I should have liked. The initial setting is fine with Aaron who takes Wolf's eyes, but then Hybrid dits the sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of terrible drama until it completely focuses on Aaron's mental state while wondering that he does nothing special with some Indians. Yes, you do not think that the Sci-Fi channel would be able to record a movie about the Vukas and put a lot of rubbish on American mythology there, would not it? The character dynamics are bizarre, Aaron is portrayed as a persecuted hero, but he is the only character who kills everyone in the film and is quite an embarrassing, ungrateful and boring person while dr. Hevitt is shown as an evil scientist, but she gives Aaron back his sight and does nothing else to help him. I think Aaron was given the gift of vision, but Hevitt is a villain? There is also a regular Sci-Fi channel of US military intervention, the problem is why they want Aaron so bad? He is not a soldier, and while he has wolf eyes to help him see in the dark, he is totally inconceivable. The scenario can not bear in mind whether everything is in Aaronov's mind or is real, the ending is hilariously bad with a half-wolf (rememeber this is made for television) Aaron runs through the woods with a pack of Vukos set on some terrible music that I think should be emotional, but it makes it even funnier. There are so many things wrong with Hybrid, the slower it is than hell, there's practically no action, there is no Werewolf, and the movie is moving in a circle trying to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so funny, stupid and bored that you do not care there is never an explanation why Aaron, despite having just cheated his eyes, began to develop other drags of the senses. As a diabetic I have eye problems, hell I had a big operation on the right. Eye and I can guarantee that after surgery, your eye will be overpowered, you will not be able to open it and will hurt like hell still Despite the fact that their eyes are transplanted as soon as Aaron wakes up in the bed, his eyes are perfect, there is no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, blood, or blood or violence, and nothing that excites you. In fact, now I think that there is nothing even about that horrible or fantastic feeling about it, it feels like a black film of the week. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, the movie looks good, but it's fine & forgettable. The act is bad of everyone involved, and none of them I've seen before and I hope they will never again. Hybrid is a horrible movie that is obviously sold as a "drag line", but it's far from that people will really fight to reach a terrible end that will probably have you in the seams.
