The action sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) reveals how to transplant animal eyes and optical nerves into other animals, such as humans. Mladic (Monteith) is blinded to preparing associates at work - a scientist gets a call from a doctor that a young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient begins to become more and more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and runs at night with dogs! (for the entire movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too stiff (I was laughing at some funny stories), and the acting was too incompetent. The long parts of the film are nothing more than a dreamy look, spooky music and intertwined pawns in the wilderness. It's been too long for 90 minutes, boring and without ideas. The army wants to use eye transplants to restore sight to wounded soldiers, and probably wants to militarize technology. There is a silly backbone of the beautiful Indian (Korea) who thinks it can help, using Indian wisdom on wolves. They make love while drums and Indian singing are heard - crazy, man! Making love takes place right after a terrible murder - who has arranged this party ?! A hectic "medical man" who utters outwitted excuses seems a little bit apart, as it adds to the atmosphere. Here are two funny scenes. A worker at the research lab goes into the animal room to find out that monkeys are released from their cages. She scares, looks left at the monkey, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left. This continues for some time (who edited this?). LEARN FROM PEOPLE! It was so stupid that I started laughing. Another funny scene - our hero is at home, running through the window while the army arrives heavily armed - he leaves the window open, the military guys go to the open window, look out the window, they say "it looks like he was here," and leave it! He went through the open window, boys! Crazy. Near the end of the movie, military guys fire again and again with machine guns on trees, when obviously there is nothing - it's easier to set up dice. They have 6 machine guns that cut trees, but they decided to fight with our hero with 1 knife !!! Shoot the gui !! Who wrote these rubbish? In the end, it's pointless to confront, and believe me, that I do not mess you up - there is not enough complication to break. I think it was all a write-off of a tax or a quick job to use unused budget money that stayed out of some better movie.
