I do not understand people. Why this film gets 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had great hopes for this film, but when I was about half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this website, people say this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or years, years, etc.). They say this is a great conclusion. VTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been concluded (except for the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot, and fight better than anyone else)? What did you learn about Bourne's character in this movie? Absolutely f ****** nothing !!!!!!! All right, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie? I do not like movie and film editing. The adverse effect of the camera and the rapidly changing shots were used too much and became older (I did not bother Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess) and made me dizzy. I quickly wanted to save my $$$ for something else. This film has no complication. All this is a movie that can be seen for 115 minutes. Bourne, about whom you absolutely do not learn anything during all the 115 minutes of the film, is a perfectionist in everything he's trying to do. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you know nothing about anyone, and there is a wide range of new characters introduced in this sequel. Some people have said that this movie has incredible writing and uncertainty. ??????????? !!!!!!!! Vhat vriting ???? What are the suspense ??? No tension. Bourne is so perfect to do everything he does, I do not think there is any reason to worry. If this is the best film in 2007, I may be completely stopped watching movies !!! Many said that Matt Damon's performance in this film was one of the best (if not the best) in his career. Vhat performance? How many lines did he have in this movie? I have a little respect for Damon because he was in movies I loved and I played different types of characters, but a good actor is someone you hardly recognize from one movie to another, someone who chooses different types of roles. Not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (Damon does not work, but the example of someone who does Vin Diesel). Anyway, this film was a big disappointment. I do not recommend this film, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacs) and I certainly recommend reading three books (which are very different from movies).
