This low-quality universal cooler has just been announced as an upcoming DVD release, but as part of a collection of similar films I already owned, I decided to get it from other channels, rather than waiting for this legitimate release. What is just as good, since the end result was nothing special (if it's decent atmospheric): for starters, the plot is pretty weak? although somehow predicts Vincent Price THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), though without any delight in the film. What we have here, in fact, is the poor sculptor (Martin Kosleck) ?? who even see how he shares his tiny plate of cheese with his cat! ?? who, once found at the end of the critical art critic Alan Napier, once too many, decides to end all this by throwing himself into a nearby river. However, while thinking only of this action, he was expected to escape the assassin of Rondo Hatton, called "The Prank" and, of course, saved the life of a poor man with the intention of making others to be grateful! Although allegedly set up in New York's artistic circles, everything we really see at work is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Loveri (who is constantly painting the same name in the blonde statue of Joan Shavlee in banal poses, how about art?), Who was quite handsome for Contemporary Art Critique (Virginia Grey) Napier! It was soon discovered that the spine was broken and that the Lovers were suspected; but then investigative detective Bill Goodwin gets a great idea to hire another critics to publish a cursory review of Lover's work (I did not know that publicity sketches were reviewed !!) to evaluate how much his reaction would be violent! In the meantime, Kosleck is fooling himself into thinking that she is creating her masterpiece by forming Hatton's unique rock? and recognizable ?? a visage that, to put it extensively, attracts the attention of the permanently visited Grai (we stated that we believe that she misses the material for her weekly column)? Cunningly, although Creeper is fully aware that Graa looks (thanks to the aforementioned persecution of Kosleck's pads), he hits Shavlee? who until then became Goodwin's girlfriend! ?? in Loveri's apartment, and, listening to Koslecka talking to you (you guessed) Graa about his intention to discard him as a police bailout, he sends a dumb-headed giant from his deep end even to the destruction of his own now-finished desktop image. Interestingly, although this was Hatton's last film, his name in points was preceded by the "introduction" epitaph!
