As sheep's film, which the audience is publishing, is so often proven. As soon as several critics say that something new is good (ie "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps to the bandwagon, as if they were deprived of independent thoughts. This was not a good movie, it was a horrible movie. 1) Plot? - What kind of plot? Bourne was driven from here to there, from beginning to end. It's a conspiracy. Do not look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinema? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and devastated 8 mm camera would do a much better job (I do not overdo it here). This film is a tur-de-silent amusing camera. The funny shaking of EVERYONE (I really think of each) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Is it believed? - Yes definitely. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I liked the scenes that Bourne was driven by (local) cops through tricky shopping streets in Tangier. - I was in Tangier. Even guides can not move on those streets, but Bourne quickly and finely shook up 100 policemen. Greengrass must laugh at the gullibility of his filmmakers. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was when he was filming this movie, but I want something! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the film from the glow of the "scene" effect that flickers. 5) Directed? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. It seems that the film did not actually have any direction. Another case of Greengrass who dropped a copy of the scenes (all two pages) to the cameramen and said he "let a few scenes while drunk". - "Do not worry, guys, we'll tie the scene together in the editing room together". The editor should be placed, baked and stocked in order to allow this monstrosity to hit the silver screen. - They put their lives on the line for someone they could not even be sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid ninkompoops. (While evil members of the CIA plan to abolish any operative who is on the floor and a paper buckle). (well, all people are evil, right? - Except for SNAGS of course). Yes, it is a truly modern and politically correct film that shows that women are heroes of days and oppressive men as a real threat to humanity. 7) When you know what ultimately hits the fans, good triumphs over the evil (as always, eh?) And the potential killer gets a fall on Jason Bourne - he suddenly goes through the path to guilt and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yes ... ) - at that moment, the evil deputy director accidentally appeared - a pistol in his hand and he pulled the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old run so fast and he was not even breathless? Miracles will never stop. 8) Do not worry, there is a hearing in the Senate and the criminals will be withdrawn before the court. Well, we can not have the nasty, politically defective, CIA operatives that are going around to shoot people, right? How nice to see real life P.C. film Noughties. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is total nonsense.
