The number of nonsense in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about the spirits where the destruction of the body makes the spirit dissolute. This one dropped the other body. That body, and Dean, are about 20 yards from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. The flashes are running out of the unexplained sanctuary at night, and we can still see everything. It's night, but light passes through the windows. The spirit that died in the sixties of the last century had telephoned phones? Come on! There is no way that Sam could instruct a psychiatrist to see him on the same day as he scheduled a meeting, and the doctor talks to Sam as if it was not his first visit. Dean and Dean knew that some bodies in asylum and innocent spirits still lurked and did not do anything to help them. It does not look like something the guys from Vinchester would do. Oh, and after crawling through some muddy mattress and around unpleasant asylum, the girl's makeup and hair is perfect, not the stain on her white shirt. While the implementation of this episode had problems, the premise was good and I was not crawling several times, but I was nervous as Dean read the Elicot's Diary. I only knew that an object that was so intensely personal with a spirit would attract a person who violated his holiness. Elicot did not show up. Perhaps this is a mistake for such an important subject or place (such as Elicot's office) should attract the spirit when a living touch touches or enters. When it's separated, I want to scream ... "You die so! Always stay together and watch everyone hitting it! But they do not listen to me: o The spirit of Elicot and his special ability were a very nice touch. It's a premiere show, but I want to that the horror of Elicot is caught by one of his victims and uses the expectation of torture in order to continue to squeeze us. Especially because of the illumination that I gave to this, I gave it 4. Sudden darkness or flickering of the whole scene lighting while the lamp flickers, It's all horrible. The easier it is to come or the flash is reviving and at present there is a ghost in it I understand that directors want to see his scene, but then we mention or obviously associate with Elicot as he touches the electrical outlet and the lights come down. Let the characters react to the fact that asylum without power suddenly has lights in one room. like electric arcs, just like Elicot's power. Seriously, MCG could have done better.
