Most of the episodes of RMFTM I saw as a teenager at the Cliffhanger Theater, which ran after midnight at the local station a few years ago, and then again when the Misteri Science Theater started it in the early 90's. The weather was not kind to him. They can certainly take into account the special effects, which were quite impressive for a series with a low budget of 50 years (IMO Commando Codi flying scenes were better than George Reeves / Superman in his TV show). And I can also allow for hm, "acting" and fighting choreography. except the guy who plays the rulers of the Moonlight. He's incredibly wrong. He looks and behaves like a guy coming to fix your water supply, not a despotic ruler of an alien race. Even a dashing dialogue works well - everyone jumps from their lines as strings of firecrackers, without losing time or pausing for things like "thought" or "introspection". Since everybody does this, the viewer searches for it after a while, and even to my modern sensibilities. What really irritates me is writing and planning. I am not talking about the sunny weather on the Moon, nor about rocket boats, nor about a flying suit with controls marked "up / down" and "fast / slow". I do not even feel the sirens of the resolution for cliffs that end every chapter. I'm talking about the fact that our alleged heroes are stupid than fences and that they do not have cumulative memory. And the fact that, although dialogue picks like an express train, the plot passes the same movements over and over again. Digging: Commando Codi and his friend are spears of top secret science labs in charge of protecting the Earth (or at least the United States) from underworld invasion of aliens. But his office has no guards or security checkpoints. They do not even have locks on the front door. So, bad guys walk RIGHT and beat Cody and his staff ... not once (perhaps understandable) already several times. He even took his assistant in a second attempt. And they never get smarter. To further prove my point, let me point out the way Cody jumps in his flying suit and flying around trouble and never seems to be able to catch anyone. He does it all over again and again and again. Codi flies his boat to the moon (the female assistant comes to cook), stays about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and returns. Cody is shooting at one of the Atomic Rai cannons ... and immediately loses bad guys again, because it was not difficult for him to lock it. Et cetera. And you would think that if Cody's efforts were so important to rescue the US from the Moon's people, that he could ask for several soldiers with karabiners, several helicopters and a tank or two to support him instead of continuously working with the local police. This was supposed to be a military operation, but they act like it's another episode of "Gangbusters". Everything is pretty hard for the stomach. I appreciate that the creators were limited in scope to their stories by budget and time constraints ... and I appreciate that Cody is actually a pretty tough hombre (although losing half of her struggles). But I just can not help yelling "DOORS CLOSE DOOR !!" when gangsters simply enter his laboratory, or attempt to blow up the ship and there are no safety measures at the landing site ... not even a fence (!). Still, everything is fine. Of the three republican series I watched, "Phantom Creeps" had a better plot, and "Undersea Kingdom" had more atmosphere (hah!) And a better hero than "Radar Men", but that's fine time. BTV ... why "radar" men? They did not use radar, they used Atomic Rai Guns. Should not there be the title "Atomic Rai Gun Men from the Moon?"
