... at least in the first half. If it had started with three friends in the Navy and concentrated on naval action scenes, it would have been a much better and firmer movie. The other half of the film pays off, especially for action sequences and ships from ships from the beginning of the 20th century, but it's like boring toothache. Also, do not watch this movie just because Ginger Rogers is in it. It has an important role, but it is small. The film starts with three New York-based friends who work in the tourist trade, as well as in good competition for the hand of Salli (Ginger Rogers). , a saleswoman of singing candy along the avenue. The first world war erupts, three friends are completely indifferent to the fight, but still engage in the navy. One of the three who has the least industries as civil (Bill Boid as Baltimore) brings the commanding officer to the other two (Robert Armstrong as Dutch and James Gleason as Skeets). In order to make things more complex, Salli fell in love with one of three, but there is no chance of telling him before he trips to the war. The film is a little more interesting. on board, mainly due to close shots of the ship itself, and because chemistry among the three friends is loyal. However, James Gleason at the age of 49 looks a bit long in his teeth to be deleted, especially when a sign in the employment office says you must be between 17 and 35 years old to be similar. One real obvious flaw in the film that led me to believe that everything outside the naval scenes was squeezed along with minimal attention is the design of costumes, or, I say, a disadvantage. In scenes in New York, just before the First World War, we were all dressed in fashion in 1931 and all were driving cars in 1931 - there was no effort to bring this film into a period. In conclusion, if you are looking at several scenes with Ginger Rogers in them and the last 45 minutes in connection with a naval suicide mission, you've seen everything that's worth seeing here. The rest is lining.
