A woman seeks advice on the way to a mysterious city, and hears two strange stories from a local freak, which are associated with a zombie. But maybe the fate has something bad for her ... Zombie Chronicles is absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. In fact, I must admit, it's so bad that I quickly crossed over most of the garbage. And there was so much, believe me. It takes only 69 minutes, and there is still a ton of fillers. You get a skinhead who works a lot of push ups, lots of scenes of lovely kissi scenes between stupid teenagers (rhyming, tee hee) and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors. As for the title characters, they hardly even have a footnote in the movie. Why, in the intro you get more action for the undead than you are doing the previous function! Though, given how many eyes have crashed out of the sockets and eating brain sequences (among other "pleasures"), it may be a disguised blessing. And to finish everything, it looks like it was shot on someone's mobile phone for broadcasting on Ioutube. A boring camera, scratches on the print, flickering light ... I had to rub my eyes when I realized it was made in 2001, and not in 1971. Even clothes and looks look like about three decades! <Br /> If you think I'm not qualified to make a review of the Chronicle because I have not seen the whole movie, then continue. You're trying to get through it, I bet you will not even be able to get to the first appearance of blue-smart colored freaks before you say and go. It's really funny that someone chose to let it go, and you'll genuinely have fun playing your beverage on the disc than you actually torture your DVD player with this giggles pretext for horror. In fact, do not be surprised if you pack his bags and leave in the morning, leaving you convicted to watch VHS tapes for the rest of their lives. You are warned ... 0/10 P.S What is this horror of 18 ratings, the woman holds a massive sports bra during the obligatory sex scene?! You see, the movie can not even understand that part ...
