Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It's absolutely spot-on, and that's why it's the only aspect of a movie that I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there's horror, there's even the horror that happens on houseboats. But if there ever were any syllables for the film poster, it would surely be "Something Shonka In This Way Comes ..." for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen , and a rather terrible attempt to shoot a movie at all. The good news is that it's so horrible, it passes through the horizon of contempt for a wonderful world of unintended joy. It's worth watching * because it's bloody horrible. The category 'worst' does not come from a story, for the simple reason that it's actually one: producer, film crew and rock \ t Bend drives to the mysterious Lake Infiniti, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (in reality Lake Eildon) to record a video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there and, perhaps in an attempt to make a service to the public, begins to take them one by one with a very sharp knife. It's still mysterious how long the survivors need to notice this, On the surface it looks like it's a B-movie slasher. You have very unpleasant young people, intolerant elderly, angry local residents (one of whom, a gas station's companion, could easily win the competition), and face that, my description of the killer could be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but only if the acting and production values ​​were almost as good as the comparative masterpiece that was Friday 13th Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely deprived of both of these things. But in the end, this just does what you do so funny and fun. Late Shov and Get This members will be already aware of some of the gems of the right dialogue ('Check out the viev ... iou bar up!'), While the real song to track the music video is so bad that he must feel that he would be trusted - I can not wonder if the writer / director Ollie Vood hoped that it would really become a hit. The horror element is comparable, I mean the B-slasher genre and especially the period, but there have been times when I could not imagine someone hacking into the hamburger on the screen and seeing how the tomato sauce is sprinkled on the wall. On the screen. Indeed, if you listen to how Tony Martin recommends this movie as a hideous garbage like myself, I do not think you will be disappointed. Any fans of 'so-bad-good' horror should not miss a chance. Whether you will be banned or not, this is another matter. If, on the other hand, you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and do not look back.
