Watching a video of 8 different Spider-Man cartoons from 1994 to 1997, I realized why I can not wake him when he first came out. I'm from an old school, where in 1967. Spider-man cartoon was the best and still the best. (I'm not going to get into a psychedelic version that's horrible - please give me the traditional villains.) The play in new things is bad, read the sheet with or without feeling or exaggerating. Paul Soles, where are you now? This guy was the best in Spiderman's voice. Nobody comes close. Watching secret wars, a great idea for a mini-series of cartoons, made me stare at me. Dr Doom sounds like a comic version of Bela Lugosi. In the Red Lobbies scene and Doc Ock, Red Skull has no German accent while Ock is a heavy Rus! The old series of Marvel comedic characters from 1966 had much better loud action. An iron man sounded like wearing an iron mask, Captain America sounded authoritarian, not like some teenager. Paul Frees like the 60's was the best thing ever. The old loud actors were pioneers and there will never be anyone like them. Have you ever heard a son of Mel Blanc? There is no way he can multiply his dad. Animation is awkward. Okay, so they have all the fantastic character shadows and beautifully painted wallpapers. Sometimes you can say more with less movement if more movement looks bad. Sometimes when you allow the computer to take on moves, they become robotic. I really do not think any of these animators know what's in them. The stories are poorly written, and some of the lines that give them to the heroes are terrible. Why, for example, when heroes join for the first time, they begin to struggle with each other? In secret wars, that was a chrome excuse that made them disagree. I can see if the hero was dark, unknown and mysterious - like Punic, but why the Thing and Iron Man can not hold their nerves with each other is ridiculous, then turn Torch on. the trends for the heroes to hit each other for a few seconds, because 'everyone' wants to see these things. Give them a better reason to fight and maybe get away, but "Hey what are you doing here" and "Do not tell me what to do" are LAME reasons. Another badly written scene is in The Vedding where Harry Osborne reveals to spoil Peter's wedding. This whole scenario was terrible. Last but definitely no less important is what a second critic calls juvenile violence - which means there are no punches at all. In secret wars, Guchter carefully lowered the task of Things. But The thing strikes bad guys over the whole block in the comic. He just has to go back to picking up heavy things and undermining a bad guy by catching him in cartoons. Of course, these cartoons are not made exclusively for us adults, but for children under 12 years of age. Because of that, they can not be hit because Mom and Dad do not believe in this type of violence. But you can blow things up, these cartoons will turn it on. As a kid before political correctness came, I saw cartoon films that hit each other. What's wrong with hitting pieces? Is there less violence in the world today, because these smooth and crafty new caricatures have struck a blow? I consider this the most valuable thing when I look at new things. They wrote a "blow" because we could all be hurt. Children, enjoy these cartoons as much as you want, I've seen enough. 3/10 rating
