It's interesting that everyone who has so far looked like this film has no expectations - I suppose it's a trick. Unlike them, I had optimistic expectations and that was a mistake. As soon as I saw how close cameras were always cameras, I knew that we were in the hands of an extremely amateur director - it's always their clear sign, they think it's artistic or effective or intense to hold the camera about two inches from the actors. Actors in this film, however, had only one facial expression. If the flash camera was not enough, the lack of light in the movie killed him. It seemed that the film was completely filmed in the dark. So now we know that the cameraman was an amateur act. "Ooh ooh, we will light up a set with a flashlight! It will make everything look intimate!" No, it all seemed invisible. In addition to serious technical shortcomings, there was absolutely no story beyond the hint of an idea that had never been developed, and nothing new about this kind of relationship was lit. (Perhaps this is a new type of film for Germany, but in Los Angeles, forget about it.) The fact that this film won several awards at the Film Festival does not indicate the quality of the film, but disparages the quality of these special festivals . I assure you that this film will not win anything at the festival where I saw it. In fact, twice during the movie it seemed that it was finally over and people started to leave (it was one of the side effects of the "total darkness" cameraman technique). But when the film shook, instead, the audience heard the walls. And when the film finally ended, it was clear that it did not matter if it was actually completed at one of the previous two points. The earlier ending would save the audience from even more monotonous household scenes (folding of leaves, cutting vegetables, spreading honey to bread). Yes, we realized, the life of a lonely old man was boring - but we understood it at the very beginning. I recommend that the audience miss this, there is absolutely nothing to offer. sophisticated movie viewers.
