When the remake of the film Vhen A Stranger Calls was out, I was obviously interested in watching the original. Then when I read about the original (which I remember that my sisters were completely crazy during the day), I saw that the real money was on Black Christmas, which obviously beat up to the "caller in the house". So I'm Netflik that, and she's sitting at the top of my list for months because of "very long wait." All this time, I'm getting more and more eager to see him! Then one day, suddenly, he arrives! ... and that's totally snoring. Naturally, maybe I had higher expectations, but I do not think I would get any more that I saw it fresh. The point is that Christmas is in a Canadian city college, and there is a sisterhood that has fun. We see some killer-POV shots while climbing onto this grid and entering the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we get to know our characters? - Olivia Hussei as muscular, cowardly, Jess with accent. Margot Kidder as a boring, openly aggressive alcohol Barb. She is so boring that even her mother does not invoke Christmas festivities. There is this irritating Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother of Ms. Mac, watching her take from the mouth of a bottle of bottles she hid throughout the house. We also met Jesse's high-school boy Peter, played by Keir Dulle in 2001 and Bunni Lake's Missing fame, although I'm halfway through a movie that I still asked "What is Keir Dulle?" It looks like the house was receiving rude phone calls, but that was before e-mail, so they could not ask him to send a photo. Then ?? - well, you know how to say that plastic dry cleaning bags are not toys? One of the sisters finds it harder. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shots of a plastic-coated face while in the attic - there will be 28 widespread films in the movie, obviously saying, "Oh my God! There's the attic there! Although after the first hour, changing to : "How come that stupid police did not find a fairly pronounced corpse in the ceiling?" Especially because it is quite clear that it is clearly visible outside the house. Really, any time before CSI came into the air, it must have been such a golden age the police are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them resemble John Saxon. In any case, after more boring human drama, the mother of the house is afraid that her precious pussy rose vertical stairs and opened the trap of heavy-looking door that lie on top of (these crafty cats!), Because it keeps your head in and ends with a pulley on We have two corpses in the loft now - why not have another 75 shots to cool us off because of the fact that there are now two bodies in the attic now? So now the police have begun to seriously grasp the situation, and on the home phone and the police station outside. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if an obscure caller returns a call, they must keep it on the phone. Jessica, who has become even fiercer, more skinny and boring, constantly asks the caller: "Who is it? What do you want? Who are you?" after the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he will not answer her. Is it not a sign of developmental disability? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what he will do, he suddenly says, "Oh yes, hi, is that Bob from the laundry?" Dumb Jess. Spojleri! In any case, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) piled up in bed with a ketchup scattered on their faces (the idea of ​​a movie about the top), and the idiot Jess realizes that no door or window in the house is locked. Hello? Are you being persecuted or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is in the house, and they call Jess and they say "do not ask questions, just do as I tell you" walk to the front door and get out. "What does Moron Jess doing?" He screamed, "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb? "Hey, great idea. Now why do not you go up there where you know a psychotic killer is lying? Of course he has, and sees his ex-friends, everything is spattered with ketchup, which prompted this viewer to scream on the screen:" Have you got a clue? Now, obviously, there should be an understanding and realize that this film was made before the classic slasher movies were firmly in place, and that they did not move at the same rhythm that we were accustomed to , and you see a plastic covered body in the attic as it's 206 times was probably scary at the time, and people do not they are accustomed to being persecuted by psychopaths, so that they would not think that, you know, they lock doors or windows, and they might be tempted to wander up when they were just told that there was a furious killer there. See, people were stupid for another 70 years, One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our pro-final girl kill a psycho. But, believe me, this fact is more interesting for reading in this review than for watching a movie. Spoilers end! ------ Hey, watch Cinema de Merde, my site on bad films (with a few good movies). You can find the URL in my upper e-mail address.
