BFG is one of the most valuable books of Roald Dale, but in this animated adaptation of magic simply is not there. This version remains fairly authentic to the original Dahl's story so that John Hambley's script can not be blamed. If nothing else, the guilt lies in a colorless animation, a lethargic rhythm and a generally vague voice. One would be right to expect this story to be a happy, lively, funny movie ... instead, the film is a hopelessly boring affair that gets pretty boring to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story must first read the book! All that the film will accomplish is to turn them away from reading what is actually a children's classic. The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amande Root) lives in an orphanage that is not too friendly under the cruel control of Mrs Clonkers. One evening she looked out the window when she saw a massive figure that walked down the street. The figurine realizes that she is seen, so she gets out of the window and pulls Sophie out of the bed, putting her in her huge pocket before she fled the night. Sophie soon reveals that she has been kidnapped by Giant Giants and is afraid she will eat it. But for her relief, he turned out to be a kind and sensitive member of his own kind, which is a BFG (voice of David Jason). BFG refuses to eat people, instead of being confined to degradable vegetables, known as snozzcumbers. However, Giant Countri is populated by many other giants who are having fun - every night, as it happens - for poor people who do not doubt. Sophie and BFG become great friends, and soon they come to a plan to disturb other giants. Together they go to the English queen (Angela Thorne's voice) with her extraordinary story and pray to send army and aviation to fight the eating ghosts. The queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to catch the bad giants before they can hurt anyone else. Jason speaks well BFG (one of a few plusues in the movie), but his good work is almost destroyed by somewhat of a poor sound quality. The rest of the vocal work is obviously uninspired, with little to make the characters come to life. Similarly, BFG is the only character imaginatively animated - Sofi lacks attraction, and the giants are boredly designed (and seem almost invisible to each other). Even places are non-inventive; The giant land is especially short and is nothing more than a deserted desert with occasional walls and canyons. For 88 minutes, the film is not quite long, but it is heavily retrieved in parts due to sleepless handling from several sequences. A little Dahl's naughty humor is transmitted in a satisfactory way. One chapter in the book deals with BFG's love of "vhizzpopping" (farting) and laughing-loudly funny. In the film, the same section was completely killed due to stupid handling. I came to The BFG expecting a lot of flying, fun and enjoying, but what I got was quite the opposite! This is a failed failure that simply does not match the book's caliber in any department - unfortunately, it has to be dropped as one for skipping.
