I bought this $ 5 movie in the CD Store, and unfortunately. I'll start by saying that I'm a big fan of heartwarming horror. They provide a terrible cheap game. This film was entertaining in the first half hour, because it was so bad that it was easy to mock in the style of MST3K. Then it got bored. Acting is the most horrible part of the movie. Although you can not expect great acting, this was ridiculously bad and, frankly, provided all the entertainment you needed to have. This is the plus side of the movie. Where the movie really fails in entertainment programs, writing, lighting and editing. This movie provides too many things "What's Happening% $ @ #?" moments. There are many moments, like a mother who has strange dinner lids, and then there's absolutely no consequences in the movie. At dinner, someone in charge decided that it was fun to watch people eat refined food for five minutes without dialogue every time a meal is served. During meals and other unsuitable moments, the scene is removed beyond pure darkness. And then we're back. And when we talk about the dark outside, one of the funniest parts of the movie is the climate, where it's obviously not a night unless it rains. And when we talk about the darkness, the big problem with the movie is that it is so illuminated that you can not see what's happening half the time, which is more frustration than anything. In one of the top-notch scenes, you can not even say what you should see is so shocking. When it comes to top-quality scenes, Unhinged contains one of the worst. I saw people saying "Wow, that surprised me, and that's good." I can say that great discovery was surprising, because I did not see it coming. The reason I did not see it coming is because it did not make any sense. I will not ruin this, but I will tell you that we have been a friend of mine and I spend twenty minutes playing around in various parts of the film so that we can find everything that would confirm it, and all we found was that there were more things that was not possible. All in all, this movie is actually better when you watch it with comments that make fun of it. I love horror movies, but this was too much.
