I bought Unhinged because I was captured with a bloody picture on the cover. If you want to see all the good parts of the movie, just look at the back of the box. All murders are shown and I can honestly say that they look much better in the cadres than in the film. Having said this, let's look at the plot. A group of girls in colleges driving on a rock concert (through deep, dark forests in one of the longest driving sequences ever taken on the celluloid) slip from the road. There was no visible damage on the car, but obviously it was enough for one of the characters to remain in a comedy state for the rest of the film (or maybe read the script and was already in a coma before the recording began). The two remaining girls wake up in a large, isolated house. The house, by the way, is fantastic and has more drama than any other actor in the film. However, for some reason this house has no roads to it. The only way to get to the main road is hiking 5 miles through the forest. The girls spend the rest of Unhinged sitting around listening to strange conversations between the old rich bitch (which resembles George Washington's retreat) and her equally common, sexually suppressed daughters. The girls obviously were not in a hurry to get back from that concert, because they packed more clothes than actresses of Gilligan's island for three hours of traveling. scene of killing, we no longer worry. We want someone to kill us just to end our suffering. Unhinged finally ends with a rather shocking ending that deserves to be in a much better movie. It's almost like an end, a good idea in the movie, written first, and then the writers tried to make a movie that led him. ineffective directing and complications with more holes than a leper in a porn movie (sorry, I'm not sure where it came from). You will get an idea of ​​how bad this movie is during the opening of the loan, when, for some reason never explained, the screen becomes black for about two minutes, while characters talk about nothing to remember. Do not waste your time. You will only feel poor and want to get back your time and money.
