Unhinged was part of the selection of Video Nasti Censorship that Britain built in the '80s. Keep the bloody things out of the hands of the children, do not you? Many were wondering what it was about. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a lively little fairy tale. 3 girls are at a jazz concert ... and you immediately know that counting your body will be pretty low. They get lost in the woods, and end up in a traffic accident that looks so fake that it's funny. They were picked up by some residents nearby who live in a forest in a dreadful house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must stay up. Then she's talking. Talking about why the girls are here, and how they must be at dinner on time, because the mother does not like when someone is late. And more conversations. Iakkiti even. Some uncertainty is built like a crazy guy who is walking around and harassing girls, and someone's eyeballs look through the holes in the walls with beautiful girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's psycho. I digress because it's so much in this movie, to wonder when the killings will start. In fact, one of the girls is so bored of the mind that she is walking in the forest, herself, looking for a city. A smart move. She probably knew about a lonely virgin walking alone in the forest, but she simply did not care. More conversations continue after this waiting, waiting and waiting until the next girl is killed. And then there is a bandage. "Unexpected" for some viewers, for others it says. Probably the only reason why someone would really want to watch this. I do not care how stupid it is, nothing in this movie compensates for the saddest moment I watched. Even with little impact on the end, the director simply did not have what he needed to really deliver a good story. It would have been much better for 30 minutes - 1 hour of TV show, say, Tales from the Darkside. If you really need to get this for any reason, you might just say that you've watched every slasher movie, make yourself a service and save a quick rewind. Since the film has so many unimportant scenes, just zoom in through them, and for a moment you will get to "VOV, that's what it's all over this time" ended. Oh, and in half the film, there's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees. Horrai for boo-bees. These beautiful beeps of bees that make honey.
