If someone sat down to watch Unhinged, that's probably because his commercials, video boxes, whatever they screamed forbidden in the UK for more than 20 years (as practically every video). The truth is; Exploitation and taboo excite people and attract them with their promise of controversy. However, as an exploitation fan, none of this was new to me. Advertisements that scream that a film is banned in the United Kingdom do not oblige me to watch it; In fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how British censors are disgustingly paranoid. As I came to this, it's easy: he promised up and it was only $ 6.99. Only the price warned me that I do not hope this will be the next Halloween night, but the cheap lining of your DVD collection never hurts. However, I forced myself to look at everything in one sitting, because I think that deciding to keep the rest of the day for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I discovered that I came across the cheapest sleeping aids that existed. I think distributors could earn a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique. Unhinged's schedule is any ordinary slasher from the 80's. It has unnecessary shower scenes and exploits worse. That's it. In any case, it starts with a group of three attractive collectives that break the car on the road to the concert. Although the two (Terry and Nancy) are fine, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and not available for the rest of the film. They are saved and receive shelter in a villa (of course, there is no phone) with pretty strange tenants: Marion is a middle-aged hate woman hated by a man who constantly accuses Marion of crying people sleeping with them (echoing psycho?). She also has a crazy brother Carla living in the woods, because her mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay in the house. After some time we hang out with Marion, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite every warning, Nancy catches dangerous forests to reach the phone (its fate is not difficult to predict). After that we see again Gloria, who then immediately kills himself with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is wrong with this image and is moving to find her missing friends. It can be easier said than done, however, with a crazy Carl lying around? After I reviewed Unhinged, I read a huge number of comments that stated that Unhinged worked perfectly, because it took time to build your theme that created real tension until the moment when the truth came to an end. Normally, I do not draw others' opinions into my criticism (especially when they are in contradiction with my views), but in this case, I was so confused by their reactions that I felt relevant to mention. This is because in reality the movie creeps. It is normal for a slow grading tactic to function, the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. Oh, of course, we see that the two have been killed, but there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom between them. We are aware that the killer is at large, but this is only focused on the film three times; This means there is no reason to fear for the victims. Instead, events in the film are not explained by the actions of characters, but they are retiring for us through an eternal conversation. If there is one thing that I can assure you to watch this, it's that the scenes of characters who talk to each other for 75 minutes are very tiring. None of this was helped by cruel acting. It seems that this is another case that the director needed actors and decided to gather his friends instead of finding anyone with experience. Of course, I would be a liar if I would say that there was not one of the films I enjoyed. In particular, the end was one of the best I ever saw in a slasher movie; You just do not expect it to happen. Just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular. Ah, I will not spoil you, nor will I say that the ending has fully compensated for the rest of the film that is moving slowly, but it will definitely attract you attention. In addition, the other two murder scenes bring at least some quicker material, but it's not as if you could not exactly say who would die fifteen minutes in the movie. However, anyone who searches for bloodshed will be disappointed; these are the only scenes present up there. Of course, none of the scenes can save the entire movie. I usually preach to the doctrine that as long as there is action, the film is upstairs, the better. Unhinged only understands a part of this concept. The whole film feels Luke warm; he has the potential, but the director was either not experienced enough to succeed or simply did not know what the hell he was doing.
