The sun did not shine, it was too wet to play, so I went to the movies, that cold, cold, wet day. "Cat in the hat" is the name of the movie. And when it was over, my stomach was sick. Mike Miers played Cat, his humor was chrome, and children did not have to see it, humor was not pitiful. The film was like drinking milk, from an angry cow, so it's fun to have fun, but the filmmakers did not know how. This film, in short, is horrible. The acting was bad, the action was too exhausted, and the humor was surprisingly very rough. It starts with Conrad and Salli, a rule switch and a future sheriff. When their mother has to go to work, she gets Mrs. Quan to guard her child. Probably a lonely part of the film was when Mrs. Quan was watching a Taiwanese courtroom, a la C-SPAN. Soon he is asleep, and here comes the cat. The film starts to go out of control. The cat came to try to have fun. There are Thing 1 and Thing 2, which suddenly begin to destroy the house. He improvised TV commercials and accidentally cut his tail. And when the Cat passes full Carmen Miranda, that's not funny. Perhaps his only funny mask is hippie activist. And there is a fish that tries to warn children on a cat. It's a pity that did not warn us that this movie is fun as sour milk, or that you cut off a tail. Soon the children are outdoors looking for a family dog ​​with a key on the chests on the collar. If the box is not locked soon, their house will be the home of the Feline universe. It gets a bit more interesting here, but not enough to save the movie. Acting, generally, is terrible. Mike Meiers brings his brand of dishonest humor Austin Povers to the Cat, saying things like "You dirty ho" and imagining himself as a woman for the rest of his life after hitting the testicles while presenting himself as a pinata. Spencer Breslin is as good as Conrad, and Dakota Fanning is as sweet as Salli, although they alone are not enough to save this terrible aortic dissection waiting to kill John Ritter (an accident waiting to happen). Alec Baldwin is hungry and slim Lavrence Kuinn is disgusting, ever trying to wed his children's mother, played by Kelly Preston. And Sean Haies is Mr. Humberfloob, my mother, and also the voice of fish. The last three are also bland. All in all, that I am a parent, I would not lead my children who are in insignificant humor, because there is plenty of it and much more. Save your $ 7.00 and see something else. Like the late great Dr. Seuss once said, It's fun to have fun, but you need to know how. Really, Universal, stop! Theodore is already in the grave. As my mom always says, "curiosity has killed a cat." - Cat in a hat * from *****
