The invisible maniac begins as a young Kevin Dornvinkle (Kris Russell) caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching the girl (Traci Valker) through his telescope ... Cut 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornvinkle (Noel Peters) is now a professor of physics who claims he has discovered a way to turn things into an invisible serum of "molecular reconstruction". However, during demonstrations before his colleagues, scientists fail and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes mad, kills a few of them and locks himself in the mental institution from which he is running. "Two weeks later" and a group of students at summer colleges discuss the tragic death of their physics professor when director Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a replacement to hit Dornwinkle. The student does not take it and treats it as dirt, but Dornvinkle has perfected his serum of invisibility and uses it to satisfy his offended sexual urges and his desire for vengeance ... Co-written and directed by Adam Rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I would not want my name to be associated with this bunch of films). The invisible maniac is the bottom of the barrel. The Rifkin scenario, sorry Coogan & Toni Markes is terrible. Trying to be a teenage sex / comedy / horror hybrid that just fails in every department. To begin with, sex is nothing more than a few female scenes and a few sucks, not much of what I'm afraid of and the birds in The Invisible Manic are not that good. The comedy is innocent and every joke passes a mystery mystery, this is a movie that thinks someone is fighting with an invisible man, or that Jason Logan has a dumb man trying to make phone calls is ridiculous. The invisible maniac makes a series of films of the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) as the pinnacle of sophistication! As far as the horror aspect is concerned, it is also chrome. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornvinkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring, and has very unpleasant and unpleasant teenage characteristics. Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever to absolutely do nothing and make The Invisible Maniac even more enjoyable experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere, and as a whole the film is a real little thing. He does nothing with an angle of invisibility, only a few doors open themselves as an adventurous. There is very little blood or violence, a little spattering of blood, a few choking and the only decent part in the whole film when somebody removed his head with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at that time and we only see a headless torso after that. The budget had to be low, and I think it's really low, because it's a movie with a serious inexpensive look. The Dornvinkles Laboratory is basically two jars on his cabinet! When he escapes from a mental institution, he has one dog sent after him and the whole school has a dozen students and two teachers. An invisible maniac is a bad movie for a 85-minute duration, I noticed a bump microphone at least once ... To say that the act is on a low standard and leave it on it. The invisible maniac is shit, plain and simple. I did not find any excellence at all, there are so many better movies that you can watch, so there is no reason to waste time on this garbage. Definitely need to avoid.
