Film critics of the world, I apologize. Your job is to give advice to the film community so that they can wisely choose what they will spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "Cat in the hat" was not made by chance. You see, three years ago, all of you critics said that we all need to avoid "an accident" known as "How Grinch Stole Christmas". Then some of my friends took me to see him and turned out to be a colorful, fun and almost hypnotic treat. So, when critics released their fury against "The Cat in the Hat", another big budget Seuss with a big star of the names in the main role, I thought it must be the same old song. How wrong I was. Five minutes I thought I was in a clean place. Initial loans are smart, children are charming and production values ​​are top-notch. Then a cat appeared. From this moment there are many problems, but the biggest was the sad mystery of Mike Miers. Where "The Grinch" was saved by the inspired Jim Carrei cast, "The Cat" was destroyed by Miers. It can be very funny when its energy is applied where it belongs, comic sketches. Every film he filmed was really funny just as a comedy, from Vaine's World to Austin Povers. So, he is trying to do the same thing here, only that these comedies are more similar to the things they hold at the end of the SNL, not funny, just painful. It's not that writers helped him. After a charming prologue, the movie turns into an hour of disgusting body humor, bad weather and insultingly humiliated humor. This film was the most important film experience I've ever had. Period. So much talent and work went into something so disgusting. I know that the adult stars of this film will be relatively undamaged by this mess, I just hope that the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will get more chances to show their charms in far better movies. If you are a parent, avoid this as a plague. With movies such as "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have far better choices.
