Hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), who takes up his residence in a crazy home in St. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss Dr. McCorta (Bruce Paine) and working at work, gets a 'A' department where some seriously disrupted and dangerous patients are held. If that was not enough during his first visit, Bishop finds a dead body and has a bit of noise with graffiti sprayed over his room. The Bishop begins to hear the stories of patients about the malicious events in asylum and soon finds out for themselves that stories have more of an indication of the truth about them ... Known as the asylum curse in the US this supernatural horror film directed by Philip J. Jones and I liked it somehow, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements to fully enjoy it. The scenario of Matt McCombs is pretty seriously understood and I pretty much liked the basic idea and some of her ideas, but there are several things that work against it. For the start, the movie is too slow, the story is pretty good and it is not being given too soon, but it takes absolutely old to be able to go and quickly lose interest with every minute. I also thought that the so-called vicarious region was too predictable and that the end was too mild and unforgettable. It's a shame that I'm talking, the character, the environment and some ideas I like, but it's just too slow and sincerely boring to have fun for 90 minutes. It's one of those films I would like to recommend, but I can not honestly do it. Director Jones works well, this is actually a well lit and fairly atmospheric film. I would not say that something terrible is here. I'm not sure whether Hellborn was shot in a really crazy asylum, but it was not a good job on sets, and the movie looks pretty good. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of up or action, there are two hand-printed wounds and a cut-off language, and that's it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or bloodyness that must be disappointed. Depending on who you believe and what review you are reading, special effects are either the worst ever or very good, as well as a dedicated low budget horror observer. in the style of the suit, not in the terrible CGI computer graphics, although it is an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations. Technically speaking, the film is good, looks nice and the lack of CGI computer effects is welcome to me. However, the acting is not great, it certainly could have been better. Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately surpass Good. Somehow I like the parts, but for the entire 90 minute viewing experience, I think it's completely impossible to recommend to anyone.
