In theory, movies should be a form of entertainment. While this excludes documentary and other experimental forms of film creation; Most movies, especially genre films, not only have to tell a story or message, they must in a way entertain their target audience. All I can say is that in my opinion a bad movie is not a film with low production values ​​or low budget, a bad film is one that is boring. Hellborn or Asylum of the Damned, as is known in the United States, is a bad movie simply because it simply does not involve, and is irreversibly boring and tedious. Although it has a very good premise, it is only poorly developed and central action does not improve things. On the other hand, the movie may have been a good or even classic B-movie, but this is just a bad attempt to shoot a movie. Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop. (Matt Stasi), a young resident of psychiatry, who just got a dream job in the mental hospital of St. Andrev; but old asylum seems to hide the secret. After the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of Satanic practices, James decides to find out what is happening; McCort (Bruce Paine), who believes Bishop is as crazy as his patients. Although the premise is quite interesting, the performance of the movie leaves much to be desired. In an attempt to make a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones goes in a lighter way and makes a movie filled with every cliché of genre. Of course, there are many great films that are also filled with clichés; but in "Hellborn" every individual is lost and turned into a cheap jump to make things move, which has resulted in a boring and predictable story. The performance is largely central, with one big exception: Bruce Paine gives a superb performance which makes the movie unworthy of such a good acting. Matt Stasi is very weak as the main character, and the rest of the actors make forgetting appearances. In spite of all these defects, one thing has to be written about "Hellborn"; has a visual appearance that is very good for the budget and very similar to Hollywood's "horror" productions of modern day. Also, makeup and prosthetics are very nice, and the design of the main antagonist is pretty good. Unfortunately, the rest of the special effects is terrible and obsolete, making a huge contrast with makeup and prosthetics. Hellborn is a movie with a few good things that surpassed its serious flaws by terrible results. Lovers of horror or b-movie may be interested in his premise, but it's a boring and tedious experience. 3/10
