This site is for the "House of Exorcism", but most people confuse this film with a masterpiece of Mario Bava 'Lisa & The Devil ", which explains the absurd high score for this," The House of Exorcism ". When "Lisa and the Devil" was shown at film festivals in the early seventies, it was a critical success. The audience responded well to this brilliant, Gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, it was a bit ahead of time and was considered too unusual and not enough commercial for mass consumption. No distributor would have bought it. Thus, the producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit 'Lisa', apparently with a chainsaw, removing only half of the original film and adding a new scene, which was filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that the Bava had little to do with this new, disgusting additives, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not Bava film. The original product is slow, dreamy, elegant production. For a few minutes in the movie, the viewer is drawn out of this dream world, as we suddenly see Lisa (two years older and with a completely different hairstyle), begin to drink on the ground, making throaty sounds and cries of the epithet such as "suck mi co @ k ", etc. Subtle, huh? I film continues this way, jumping back and forth between a wonderful, visual film, and ratings with "Exorcist". Leone was trying to incorporate these shock scenes while retaining an illusion intact. He made a mistake. When he made the choice to basically destroy "Lisa and the Devil," Bava refused, saying that his film is too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it must have been pretty sad for the artist to see that all his work was destroyed and flushed the toilet. It took many years before the original "Lisa and Devil" was seen again, he appeared again on television late at night. I saw the "leaf" long before I saw this new version, and there was a completely disturbing testimony of one of my favorite films "vandalized" in this way. It's worth seeing only for curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this subversive catastrophe, such as the plague.
