Also known in a different form than the "House of Exorcism", this messy little movie sees itself so seriously that it kills any entertainment value anyway. The spare plot includes the European tourist Elka Sommer who has the opportunity to meet Telli Savalas, who looks just like the devil See on the frescoes in a square. Sommer rides to a mysterious house in the country, where Savalas was a butler. There, she is mistakenly considered a long dead woman, and she also started a really theatrical soap opera. A man who had a blind matriarch of the house had an affair with a dead woman, who was a bridegroom of the son of a matriarch. The couple who gave Sommer a ride? Well, the woman gives the driver, uh, "driving in the back seat" lessons, and the husband knows and does not care about it. . In the end, most of the killed were killed, Sommer was drugged and raped, ran away, and the viewer was brought to the climax on an empty plane ... which had to look like empty theater, the thing is played. Alternative version of this, "House of Exorcism", has a scene <. The priest has been added. VHS copy of this, from Elite Entertainment, is crystal clear and letterboked. There are "add-ons" after the completion of the loan; <br /> <br /> and up scene. The direction of Maria Bava is fast and furious, but his script is horrible. There are half-baked ideas, abandoned batches, and stunning benefits that do nothing more than to launch this thing in some direction forward. You have life as dummies for burial exercises, the blind matriarch does not work so blindly, and Savalas gets the same lollipops he had in "Kojak" (The Project looks like he had two star names, then he is fast wrote a script, something that happens in Hollywood on a day-to-day event. Savalas looks completely lost, dropping his stop lines and wanting his character not to die in "Dirty". Duzen Sommer runs around and yells and screams a lot, but her character is empty, I use the term "figure" loosely. The only thing we know about her is her name. This is a real weird movie and your reaction to it can depend on how brilliant you are in Eurohorror, and Kojak. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> /> Recomment "Lisa and Devil." This is undeclared and includes all the accessories at the end of the VHS Copy, contains strong physical violence, sexual violence, strong blood, strong female nudity, male nudity, sexual content and adults. Situations
