But I doubt that many have run to see this movie. Or "Someone got out of the cinema". Okay, that's a bit rough. The film starts inadvertently comical: Frankie-boi returns to his hometown after many years (this smells like clichés) and the whole city is a shaky arrival: it's talk about him, everyone wants to talk to him , and every woman she acquires flirts with him as if she does not have tomorrow - even his nephew suggests she would miss the meeting to talk to Frankie a little longer! Even his beautiful nephew wants some of him! It sounds like one of those funny "Mike Hammer" episodes in which ALL woman wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boi is all just not a handsome woman's dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without glory) would not get within a 100-meter radius from someone as pretty as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie, this is the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely crazy about Frankie-boi, but he did not care! Sinatra too often plays "cool" shtick in his films, and this is rarely credible. Dean Martin is a little wrong; He was not miscast as a card, but because of the accent that simply does not suit him. MacLaine is charming as always, but she plays caricatures - and this reliance on caricatures is one of the main problems with the movie. The main characters are some kind of stereotypes from bad or visible films and cheap novels; Frenki is a "cool cat" that returns to the city to get all the women, and he did not care about his writing (which, predictably, eventually attracted recognition); Martin is a sleazy or friendly card; MacLaine is a stupid but very nice bimbo; Frenki's blue love is an interesting literary expert; Frankie's brother is a successful guy who gets married to his wife and has a bad marriage; et cetera. The story contains a couple of coincidences that are somewhat unpleasant to my taste: Frankie accidentally encounters his nephew in a local setting; His niece is by chance only a few meters away from his dad when he first kisses his secretary; and then there's a terrible, stupid ending. In it, drunken guy inclined to kill Frankie-boy somehow manages to find him on the carnival of all places! The city is completely crowded, with a typical noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - and yet somehow Frankie finds himself (despite being drunk as a knob) and shooting at him. But guess who he's killing? MacLaine. Rains in front of a bullet to save Frankie: clichés that might appear in comic writers. This extremely pathetic, over-dramatic and boring ending certainly can not satisfy any, even half-intelligent, viewer. And it happened on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! It seems that the writer of this nonsense has read his whole life for shy novels - how else should the writing of this film be explained? There is even a card game in which there is a quarrel with Frankie & Martin and some clichés from the "vibrant" imagination of a writer. (That was suddenly damn west.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the boring somatic bimboo and the pretty ignorant MacLaine. As the movie progresses, we discover that Sinatra believes that MacLaine is too stupid for him, just as a blonde bimbo feels that Sinatra is a low class for her. There is some snobbism and contempt that can be detected in a MacLaine script. MacLaine is treated as worthless, while the blonde is treated as a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of this latter is rather stupid and not at all intellectual; her behavior, comments and opinions are mostly cliché, stupid, confused, pretentious, and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows that she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony I did not notice: Sinatra had trouble finding the end for her latest story - just like the author of this film, and that's why she came to a wacky, shitty finale. The film basically has a solid role, and the photo is good, but the script, although sometimes right, relies on stupid stupidity instead of characters and reality-based events. you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me via email.
