This extremely boring, meaningless, pointless, soulless and stupid film is not the ultimate proof that the world can forget Danny Boiley and his post-"Trainspotting" films: "The Beach" has already taken care of it. What this low-budget unusual thing is is to secure its place among those who have started very well, but have completely lost themselves in drugs, alcohol, ego, self-deprivation, bad management or whatever this has led to the death of this once-promising director . The premise is absurd: the two losers (Ecclestone and some bimbo Jenna G - rapper, probably) meet randomly and spontaneously start to sing with the ghastly more lonely inhabitants of the asylum than the potential hit duo - which they become. Their friend - an even bigger illiterate loser - becomes their manager by breaking the windows and stealing a video camera that shoots them in "action", and then showing the tape to some musicians who actually show interest in that garbage. Now, I know that in recent years the United Kingdom has turned out incredible rubbish, but this is ridiculous; music makes Oasis look like The Beatles. During the studio recordings, the duo - Strumpet - changes the lyrics in each recording, and Ecclestone quite brilliantly tells the guys of the music business to take it or leave it, and quite absurdly accept it. Not only is music total and ultimate garbage, but its "performers" are anti-social; These NEVCOMERS should be called shots. It's too stupid. That's obviously terrible. Dialogue is pointless and does not go anywhere, and this story about the whip buckles makes no sense and makes no sense. He often feels improvised - under the influence of drugs. Danny Boile is a complete idiot. This little piece of garbage is so bad it's embarrassing to watch. Ecclestone's I.K. he also has to examine whether he agreed to be part of this nonsense. Whoever financed a 1000-pound joke should leave the film business before they finish selling their own underwear at the corners of the streets.
