A textual prologue warns us that we must not allow evil to enter our house, but I think that the word "entropy" is more appropriate. Good sadness, what are these two babies! George (Seimour Cassell) is alone in his office in San Francisco and his monstrous expensive house in Tiburon while his wife and child in San Diego. Two girls (Sondra Locke as Jackson and Colleen Camp as Donna) knock at his door, searching for instructions. Well, it rains, and they shake like two wet kittens, and they are not sure of the address they are looking for, and, with both of them, George invites them to go in and take their pizzas by the fire. All three ended in George's bath and followed about five minutes of mostly undifferentiated nudity in double exposure, triple exposure, quadruple exposition and additional exposure. They spend the night in three and the next morning, the girls prepare breakfast for him. But something became a little shaky as the Georgian guests gobbled up with their fingers, pouring ketchup and syrup on the bedding, and - "Eating like animals!" Cried George and tells them to go out. In his dreams. Do not misunderstand me. Sondra Locke is a young blonde of unusual looks with cobalt blue eyes, and Colleen Camp refuses as a superball. You have to say, they grow them very sweet there, in Shelbiville, Tennessee, where Locke comes from, and they grow them with spacious curls, because we can not but notice it after the first five or ten minutes. /> But, when the girls go hopelessly, so does the movie. The film is then bathed in green light. He puts the couple on a violet makeup and makes mirror faces in themselves in mirrors. They are thinking of the delivery boy and then drowning him to be convinced. They excite the storm and break windows and furniture. They have one of those scenes in which two people sit across the table from one another, licking food and bouncing bones. A Georgie? First of all, Georgie is unconscious with buzdovan (which contains nothing that you can not find in that little red bottle of McIlhen's Tabasco sauce in your kitchen cabinet), tie it, pour the flour and milk all over it, subject it to a psychotic test, put it through one of the those Tolstoi's half-executions, slam it, dress in strange costumes, and then pull back on him and his practically ruined home from the upper middle class, and they are sent out by the extruder van ek machin. As for the acting, it's as if somebody said Georgie, "Behave first with these girls, then act in panic after you're bound." And to the girls: "The first act shy, unwilling to impose on anyone, and then behave crazy." And that is that. Photographing and working at the site are from a pornographic film from the 1970s. I'm not sure it suggests a complete lack of skills. It takes effort and talent to make San Francisco ugly. The result gives us two Leitmotives. Georgie has some pop melodies with verses about "being free" and "loosen". Jackson and Donna is an attractive thing called "My Old Ancient Father." I approve of the moral lesson behind the story. There are some things that you just should not leave, although at first they might look like a lot of fun. All very instructive.
