** SPOILERS ** I rented "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in English) on the basis of later efforts by Alehandre Amenabar's director "The Other". Based on the shining and intimidating effect that the film had, I assumed that his previous efforts would be of the same quality and I was in a mood for some kind of horror. Instead, I ended up with the most outrageous, pointless excuse for the movie with the crazy murderers I saw from the German movie "Anatomie" (what this reminded me of). The plot has but is cast in the first 20 minutes. It revolves around the innocent theory of psychologist Angela (Ana Torrent - the morgue Jessica Harper) on the topic of violence in movies. Through some rude circumstances that are too stupid to enter into it, she turns into a tape in which two men tortured, masked and killed a young girl for the camera. Angela and her friend Chema (Fela Martinez) are horrified, but they are intrigued by the tape and decide to get to the bottom of who is responsible for it. It leads to ... well, they never give reason why they want to find girls killers (because they firmly refuse to contact the police during any of the events taking place, even when their lives are in hazards) and the mystery itself is ground like Graham Norton in a full-bred room. There is only one true "trace" (the type of camera discovered by the killers), which is really weak and b) in the first 20 minutes. The remainder of the so-called "plot" appears only through blind luck, the more ridiculous turns of the plot, and the SLEV of terrible, transparent, and completely meaningless red haringa that are inserted only to reduce the time of work. Seriously - Amenabar might know his stuff about ghost stories, but apparently never read the book of the detective in his life. The key to good will is that we have a large group of potential suspects and eliminate them one by one with smart deduction and gradually discovering more and more evidence before we go to the final turn. In the "Tesis", * the POTENTIAL SPILLER OF THE ATTACK * amateur "detectives" exactly guessed the identity of the killer, and then we got 100 minutes of the writer who tried to throw us out of the scent until his idea ran out, throw his hands up and say: "U Okay, you caught me, it was him, anyway! " As for any logic or motive behind the crime - there is no luck. You're watching the wrong movie if you want. The only thing that "Thesis" pulls away from a stupid, poorly written thriller is the way in which it actually attempts to make some funny "mess" about violence in movies. I have no idea what kind of attitude he is trying to take on the subject, but he seems to have decided to take the tone of a misguided, confused psychoblog, among other things, nonsense, and says, "Look at me! I'm political!" The last scenes, in which the "point" of the film allegedly houses, are so absurd and childish that it can not be asked if Amenabar now feels embarrassed when looking at this. If he does not, he should certainly. This is a total 'amateur night in spy houses'. All in all, I can not believe I spent two whole hours (I felt at least six) on this, just hoping something will happen. The urban legend of 'snuff films' (and that's essentially all of them, despite the way this film is trying to suggest that they are some sort of criminal phenomenon that spread the world!) Is an area that can be so painfully exploited in the good horror of movies ("Videodrome "anybody?), but it is so easy to cross the line in childhood" would not it be cool if! " the territory with it (i.e., "Mi Little Eie") ... "Tesis" is the weakest genre of "snuff movie". At each level, this is better left to be dead and buried. I assign him 1 out of 10, for some nice lighting, but that's all.
