I guess many people comment / rate their first IMDb movie because the movie was spectacular or awesome - I'm writing about this other one. I was excited by the continuation of "Vargames". I thought the original was pretty good considering the time and content, I felt it worth seeing multiple times. When I was 2008, I had great hopes for what to do with this movie. Computers, games, terror, military exaggerated zeal have grown so much since the time of the first movie, and "Vargames: The Dead Code" had the opportunity to introduce it into a big movie. The film collapsed on almost every level, but especially blamed writers and anyone who had any kind of contribution to the realism of the aspect of the games. "The Dead Code" was a flight simulator from the 1990s with a few people on the ground who waved their hands. In the meantime, Vill Farmer is a button for accumulating around 7,000 orders - none of this affects what's happening on the screen. Until it finally "wins" by clicking on a field on the screen with its mouse that releases the gas that currently kills 20,000 virtual people (no one is near gas). Having won 5 levels in 15 minutes, it tells RIPLEI (the real war machine) that the terrorist threat is at a high level. Although any of the 5-16 years could have completed this same task - the government believes it is a mortal threat to humanity. They say things like "He has expert knowledge of bio-terror" ... He showed less knowledge than someone who read the first 3 passages of the Viki entry about Bio-terror. Then there is a film scene with a move of about .01% of the budget and the excitement of any Bourne's title. They have about 1000 opportunities to capture him and clarify the whole thing .. they are sometimes crazy that they barely miss him .. but the second time masterfully create the opportunity only to let him deliberately follow him. Ugh ... I'd write more ... but for an hour I've been watching this, I'd rather watch Broderick and Joshua play tic-tac-toe for 1.5 hours.
