Unusually named Vera-Ellen was filming what Sonja Henie was playing in ice-skating: a blonde, a girl, always beautiful to watch, but not particularly a good actress and usually laminated with poor material. When I watch Vera-Elena's sexy jade dance with Jenny Kelly in 'Words and music,' I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made of a South Venetian flag. For some reason, American actress Vera-Ellen played in two * musicals (made for several years) in Edinburgh, a city that was not known for her tap-dancers: 'Let's Be Happi' and 'Happi Go Lovely'. /> In this latter time, Cesar Romero plays an American impression that for some reason puts a musical in Edinburgh. There is an unclear attempt to link this show with the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a showcase for humorous performances. We also see several recordings of the Roial Mile stock: except for a few Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The most entertaining gig appears at the very beginning, when we find out that the name of the Romer show is 'Frolics to Iou': this is a bullish item that the British will get and Ianks will not. Vera-Ellen is, as usual, a cute and attractive and impressive dancer, but very few music numbers in this movie are boring and bad. Action - the wrong identity between David Niven's magnate and reporter Gordon Jackson - is without a brain, though not more than a dozen of Hollywood musicals. Romero is less boring here than usual, probably because (at least once) he does not need to convince us that he is interested in sleeping heroin. The biggest attack on this movie is his abuse. Hoves. Father Salli Ann Hoves was the main star of the musical in West End; His passionate performance "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. It appears here in several scenes like Romer's Dog, but he never has the chance to participate in a musical number, even in a real comedy. It is absolutely criminal that this film - with the title containing the word 'Loveli' - will surely cause Hoves to hit the biggest hit - to cast a big British music star, but will not give him anything! Divan Character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in a restaurant restaurant, and there is a view of the condemned beauty Kai Kendall. As Vera-Ellen was certain, someone named Diane Hart spoke one of the most adverse voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glinis Johns at the same time, but disagrees. Val Guest has a story for the story, but this film does not match the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is poor, although I understand that post-war Britain could not afford the Hollywood process. "Happi Go Lovely" is at best pleasant weathering, while "sip" is an operative word. I estimate this film only 4 out of 10.
