You must understand, when Vargames was released in 1983, he created a generation of hackers. The idea that a teenager can do anything of far-reaching proportions, let alone reverse the world war, was new and exciting. Real computers began to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, society became connected in a way that made the film space exciting. However, the computer that talks about the free-time balance between chess and global thermonuclear war was a bit uncomfortable, but a brilliant comment on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I probably even heard about the hackers on which this film was actually based. Fast for 25 years, and we have a horrible mutant of what I do not like to call a "sequel," called Vargames: The Dead Code. I'll dig first. First, the plot depends on the state-level casino, where people who win the game automatically become suspects of terrorism. You're probably confused right now. The idea is that in the end, terrorists will click on a sub-game inside a web site called "Dead Code" where they fly a plane through the city, spraying it with biological weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", then you are automatically confirmed as an expert on bioterrorism and your family is arrested and questioned. In the film this actually happens. However, since the payment for a game is made from a suspicious bank account, it's obvious that everything makes sense. Second, the artificial intelligence avatar in this flat-screen bomb has boring flash animation that constantly repeats pop-up-ad-esquire sound bite "play with me baby". Because, obviously in the future, the advanced AI loses interest in intellectual purposes like chess, and enters pornography. Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacking films feel the need to portray all young adults as the average type that looks like everyone else. It can work for your average series, but come on, do not learn how to download government computers by doing hair, do sports and buy at a shopping center, people. One new thing I noticed is that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to Matt Damon's film, and later the phrase "Good Hunt, Will" appears. I swear, they named the main character Villa only for that phrase so that they could send the five to Mr. Damon. This Vill Vill is not bad, but he certainly was not like some obscure hacker I've ever met. I can not fully say how angry this film has the same name as the original, because there is absolutely nothing in common with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (VOPR) reappear in this film, as a flabby old man who apparently dies of boredom, and an old-fashioned old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher voice. Joshua (AI) has something that appears to be sex with a new AI with a porn voice, a bunch of games on the flick of a flick on large screens, and the whole "The only way to win is not to play" \ t revelation was supposed to be crown moment. Except that those who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see this in the first place were already there and did it. Recycled finish for a movie made from compost from last month. The new film was directed by the guy who made the 90210, and it was written by the guys working B films. The original was directed by a guy who was busy with "Heroes", so you see a quality difference there. They talked about the real remake, but I hope they will not ruin this classic again. I swear, if I have to, I will visit every gambling site until I find the one who runs a psychotic government computer. The preserving grace is that I managed to transfer it to Netflik, so at least the only energy I spent watching this disaster was breathing, clicking and digestion.
