This is loosely based on the ideas of the original 80s hit. It was set up in modern times, as we see that the base in Afghanistan was destroyed by unmanned aircraft at the very start. And right there the movie jumps the shark. UAVs are not armed. It could be, but I do not think it's ever tried for real. We see the computer that organized this operation, called R.I.P.L.E.I. We met with "hackers" Will Farmer (he is good in chemistry and electronics that does not make him computer hackers) and his love interest, Annie) and Will's first attempt at hacking is not only a complete failure, his IP address is also Annie's hit who it is. We also meet with the mother of Vills working for a chemical company. The bet will take money from the bank account of its neighbors (Mr. Massude) is not a hack (he helped him set up an account), then we will get a return to the original film in which they decide against playing global thermonuclear warfare and play The Dead Code. Traces that RIPLEI offices do not work on Vill, but on Massoud's computer, so all the evidence they collected were useless against Vill. That's why RIPLEI closes Vill's machine and does not explain (he's just a game) and why he felt the need to turn off all the electricity in the whole block in which he lived. Why would the Agency for Fighting Terrorism consider this to be a viable target is very questionable. How does RIPLEI activate your mobile phone? I do not think it was connected to a computer and the message would not be played if it did not answer the phone, so there are more bad "hacking" of science. RIPLEI agents arrive at Massude home, take it and Vill gets an envelope that turns out to contain a lot of money. Whether the search for vehicle registration plates that has been taken over by Massude is not a "hack" because you never see it breaking into a DMV computer. RIPLEI agents who capture Dennis at the airport while he is looking for Villa has no authority to arrest or detain him. Will's mother did not "steal chemicals and bio-agents". Even if she had, they had no right to arrest or hold Dennis. Patriotic act or not. I do not know why Vill was concerned that he would be arrested for some crime in Canada as a completely different country with different laws in the United States. The computer went into the evil and all the actions it took against Villa, his mother and Denisa was not sanctioned by a government agency. Phreak phone we see Vill up is the first shov any hacker skills in the movie, we also got a hack in RIPLEI that seemed too easy for such a powerful system. The "guy" who ran into Annie at the airport and watched them on the street was nothing with RIPLEI and the ridiculous idea that RIPLEI could monitor the mobile while the underground was stupid as the idea that the computer reads lips. Another reference to the original film when they mention Stephen Falken as the designer of the system that RIPLEI replaced, Joshua Project. We found that the "guy" who encountered Annie Falken (who did not play the original actor unfortunately) who faked his death. We also see VOPR as "what will help them" won RIPLEI and they then kept the same voice. Falken & VOPR are destroyed too quickly after they are not used at all (the same explosion should kill Villa, Annie and Rusa. It is also unlikely to create an autonomous computer system that has the ability to insert or drop chemical weapons to the country in which it operates. The whole "decontamination" and the idea are totally incredible.This type of orders would have to go through the president or joint commanders.Therefore, another funny and incredible idea. IP hacking against RIPLEI does not work Vill, he only contacts her one of his friends who suggests and implements the idea. It's extremely funny that Vill will only get a report from an increase in RIPLEI's operational work. After Joshua's backdoor in RIPLEI (especially after being blasted into pieces) he's incredible cop-out and screams very a desperate writer who did not have ideas left and wanted to get this movie over and done with. There is terribly good where RIPLE and plays Dead Code and we see a countdown (17 minutes), and RIPLEI says "Decontamination for 30 minutes "how is that shit when I can not even follow my timer? RIPLEI's attack mission against Philadelphia was stopped (too easy in my opinion) and decided to attack Joshua in their inner circles and to redirect missiles directed at Philly to Washington where RIPLEI was stationed. The idea of ​​a nuclear exchange that RIPLEI understands what she is doing will not succeed (she must have known if Joshua met him as she had already learned this lesson in the original movie?) Another move is the original movie. Their copying in the RIPLEI repetition of Joshu's same words from the end of the original film only shows how many original ideas they could not make sense. > If you want to say fingers for bad and stolen ideas, the culprits are Randall Badat and Rob Kerchner. This is a horrible movie and it's best to avoid it.
