Certainly not terrible, but definitely not good. Cri, The Beloved Countri (1995) directed by Darrell Roodt, and screened by Ronald Harvood (Adapted from Alan Paton's 1946 novel). The actors are James Erl Jones and Richard Harris. The film deals with pre-apartheid in South Africa, and stories about black and white people intertwine. A devout but naive priest, Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones), receives a letter from Johannesburg in which he says he must immediately come; later reveals that his son killed a man. A wealthy farmer / landowner James Jarvis (Richard Harris) thinks his son, a black rights fighter, was killed by Kumal's son. They are connecting. I can not compare it with the same name from 1951, because I did not see it. Or the 1974 musical called Lost in the Stars because I did not see it; Both look better than this. But Cri Freedom, on the other hand, I saw; has much quicker air to him, as if he's actually trying to say something where Cri, The Wounded Earth does not seem to have a clue where to go. Very "Vishi-vashi". I refuse to compare the novel with a novel (except that I enjoyed more in the novel than I enjoyed the movie) because novels and films are two very different media and it makes no sense to try to switch them directly to the other or to compare them. By the same means. Honestly, this movie is blowing. Well, I guess it was not that bad, - Five-out-ten, but it was not that good. Both performances, both very capable actors, pull some of the most beautiful wooden performances I have seen with some of the most disadvantageous dialogues in film history (but this can be blamed for screenwriters, Ronald Harvood, who is also strange to play with this film, since written by the sublime Pianist and Being Juliet). Among other things, the point and topics of the novel are almost completely lost in her transition to the film for the third time; there is little, if any, tension at any time in the film, racial or uncertain. Music does not help. The painfully lost and boring traces of the pastoral orchestra really help in the muddle of the film. One of them is cinema, with lots of pretty good or great shots, but unfortunately it does not help the movie. The last, striking words of Alan Paton's novel have been shown in the last moments of the Film. It is a shame that it seems to be so separate from the movie that is just displayed. I do not know what Nelson Mandela might have seen in this movie. Thanks for your time.
