Someone, one day, should study the architecture of appearing in horror films; all of these exploration of oddly decorated villas, the search for secret passages and crypts, the monument tracking through the air channels, and so on. I immediately remember only a few films in which architecture played an important role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it is at the heart of every story of a ghost house or church or crypt; everything is in the character and impact of space, passages and walls. So I rejoiced in this thriller where I promised it would be central. The idea is as follows: the architect has built - in fact, restored - for himself a large and spacious house; his wife just left him, mostly because of his own direction, but also because he can not get used to it because he rearranged it. Living in unexpected solitude (really this time, instead of virtual), it comes to the suspicion that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one night, asking to use the phone, and then suddenly disappear - lives in his house; only the city is large enough to never see it. This is a good start for the melodrama, whose development could expect to follow some of these lines: After searching the intruder house Several times without success, the architect recalls his designs to undertake a more systematic search, trying to various ways to surprise, intercept, or lock in the intruder, perhaps using some of the special features it has built into the structure. In the meantime, the intruder discovered the hideouts and return roads between places that the architect did not foresee or remember. The movie would turn into a game of cats and mice, hunting, battle; and finally, in an attempt to capture the intruder, I would have ended the architect trapped in his creation, in a way that he did not expect. Then I would be forced to get out of it - and perhaps at the same time from my own self-isolating isolation - and in the final turn, I would have slammed, and perhaps even killed ****. N / A Nothing similar happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his enemy is an unknown character, if at all. Here's what happens in the movie: Once an intruder is installed in the house - if he is - the architect begins to hear the noise, but when he goes to investigate, he finds nothing. Calling the police, they think it's a little crazy; he urges his alienated wife to spend the night, thinks he is more crazy. Finally, more or less accidentally, encountering an intruder (it does not look good, but the characters, who else could be? - it's not a difficult question, in the story from, to that point, less than three main characters), after which it locks door, lowering the barbecue on the windows, rejecting the key (I do not know why he considered it necessary) and leaving his victim to die of starvation. I miss why this is given: doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect is about to sleep in his car. And since the film's idea has disappeared undeveloped and can not develop further, it has to be thought of something else to take its place. And that's it: the architect - are you ready - moving to the house of a man who (probably) moved into his, and lives there the same way. How is it possible? No, but the film is moving this way and trying to do it like this: The architect drew a picture of a man who came to his door; And when he leaves the house, he pictures him; and while sitting in his car, he throws a picture on the street; and two children raise him up and notice that he looks like Martin, their neighbor; After that the architect asks where his house is, and the children show the way. If it seems that this sequence borders with the incredible, what follows follows right into it. The architect takes up residence with Martin's wife, without her; so hidden in his movements and so tricky in reading his housewife that he is always able to leave the room exactly as he enters or bends out of sight just as he turns. In this chapter, the film is smart in one way, making (or leaving the viewer) the fact that his life with this stranger, who does not know that he is there, is essentially the same life that he lived with his wife, as a virtual hermit with her as suitable tampon. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into a raffles sword-breaker completely incredible. Not to enter a series of turns in the end - including another murder that was achieved by locking someone behind another unbeatable door - this front of descent so weak that it collapses under the weight of wheelchairs; two good men who kill; and (before the story began) the unnoticed tunnel construction underneath several houses .... Until the final, long-expected turn, the film adds another one, in order to make it more offensive, and then ... it ends. /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a stranger in the house and the character of a man whose house - and loops both. The first fumble makes it boring; the other angered me because he pushed his main character further and more and more and more the zigzag path, and I never offered any explanation for the person most needed: Martina, tunnel builder and a hidden tenant. The story should rearrange someone, one day.
