"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a film that talked about the problems that teenagers face in Britain and how problematic problems that are constantly occurring can relate to younger days. It could be called "Moulin Rouge" in the '80s, but it's gone. He made his very shallow label in the world, sneaked under the radar, and now can be found collecting dust in the music section, in a comedy section, or in a politically vague part of that video store that does not need money from the chain to survive. But it was not where I found it? but I found it, watched, tried singing along with her, stared at Bovi's eyes, but I finally found myself. Did not a test of time survive? Is London from the 1950s too far from our present society? Is Bovie too creepy? I think "Absolute Beginners" are somewhere in each of these issues as the perfect example of a cinema that begins with a scratch, but ultimately comes down to the spark. The "Absolute Beginners" opens up a huge number that leads us through the streets of London, which are rude and which include night theft, prostitutes at every corner, dancing across the whole, drinking drinks as well as loose connections to almost to each individual. Sounds like a place that everyone would hate to be ?? right? The director Julien Temple keeps the mood easy and unusual for most of the songs as we try to learn something about the plethora of our main characters. The one we most closely follow is Colin played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of photography while shooting his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsi Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like Lohan's pre-rehabilitation, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry was like a lion, and I believed that these two could take me down the road that I never traveled. I was ready? but then something happened. The temple takes us out of the night life, takes us from the city with which we grew up at the beginning, and totally reverses the roles without any commitment to the first. Suzette escapes, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bovie? Okay ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but singing incredibly well while climbing the mountain? I can tell you a lot. The temple gives us this vague city, this opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it leaves us hanging and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, mostly, but not about anyone else. I would probably be able to watch this movie again and still be equally confused about who is angry to anyone, and what the importance of fashion had in that era. Also, did they really be teenagers? Everyone looked as though they were pushing their late 20s, but maybe it was my TV. The development of the character is thrown out of the door, Temple tries to compensate by giving us larger, louder songs than using even more characters. what we do not know about. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as the best example. The Temple uses a split house to show us the lives of Colin's parents (of which I did not know that it was only after the movie) and a song screaming apathy. An excellent song, too many characters, insufficient time, suddenly got into the second scene of a lack of coherence, and it just broke into your hands. Then, if that was not enough, we push our heads in the rhythm of some great songs, rubbing our head, trying to figure out where our characters are or what's going on, and Temple casts hatred, anger and politics into the final act. Although I hoped this film would be dedicated to the theme, I think that racism will not be at the top of the law. Suddenly, friends are gone, people are angry, and there is some random guy who is fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Somebody help me. It seemed that he was completely hurried and passed over? almost to the point that they want to turn off the movie. For me, the completion of "Absolute Beginners" was not nearly as exciting as the number of opening. This first part set the tempo, and the Temple could not stand it. All in all, I must say that Temple can direct the video, but I do not think it was ready for the feature film. I do not think this movie will ever be in full "cult" status, and it will probably remain unmanaged or in the dollar bang for the coming years. At first it's a fun movie, but when we get to that end, it just explodes from within. I wanted to make some of the most up-to-date work, but instead, what I found was a strange Bovie along with the characters I did not care for. I could see how this film can relate to the youth of the '80s, but in the end it just felt compulsive. I think that everyone in this production should have taken the moment and that in this film he listened to the "Motivation" of the ubiquitous Bovie, perhaps he helped to consolidate this trait in a better cult status. I'm glad to watch this movie once, but that's all that my little brain can take. I loved the way the Temple caught me from the beginning, but he could not control his characters (too), and the songs seemed to not fit the last moments of the film. It came from nowhere, and there was no one. If this was a film about racism, it should have been from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I will download this film in the future. Rating: ** from *****
