If you read the original novel, as I did, you will probably hate this thing. The film version of _Absolute Beginners_ is a nightly anachronism conglomerate from the 1980s who is trying to create a set of "period periods" in the late 1950s and the failure to re-create or even honor this period - American monstrosity _Dirti Dancing_ is similar to 1963, except that the movie proved to be financially successful despite having had the same amateur screen writing. In addition to suffering from "watching too many 1980s", the characters have been changed, rearranged, and reduced to the point that they are the only features that have a common low in appearance in the novel, and, of course, their names: The tear has been transformed from the narrator's meaningless ex-girlfriend and a promiscuous non-believer who willingly plans to marry an imprisoned old queen for money (on his own admission in the first few pages) into an unhappy and naive "Eve" archetype that has slaved and glamorized, exploited and somehow deceived into a false marriage by her the boss, who surprisingly did not get Van Dike and his hairy hair. She and the narrator, renamed Colin (by the author of the book, Colin MacInnes) for the film, are also in a relationship. Character Big Jill, lesbian apparently butch still "fop like" "in her mid-20s, which acts as a macro for young people and lesbians with head, and one of the closest narrator's friends, who gives the narrator sincere wisdom, it comes down to some kind of "name extra" with just a few throws of lines and tons of comic sets. Fabulous Hoplite, a gay boy and another close friend of the narrator in the novel, is also reduced to the point that is pointless in film Leave as narrator's father in the novel as some kind of sad but in the film, he played to be optimistic and strange in spite of the desperate neighborhood, and the mess of his marriage with the narrator's mom seems, for all practical purposes, ignored. In his favor, music (for what it is) is well-composed, and you have to give credit to the production and writing crew for really taking a line from the book ("... a few days, they will write musicals about 1950 ...") as their inspiration for writing a musical , but in the world of bad campus musicals, this is one of the most unfavorable ones in the group. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_, the key elements of the plot are treated as subsequent thoughts. Unlike Apple, there is a strong and uneven flow between music numbers and spoken dialogue. You can not really blame that "too many of the 1980s" felt the fact that it was created in the 1980s. The film version _Annie_ issued in 1981, pays a wonderfully honored appearance to the look and feel of New York in the 1930s, and _Napolejan Dinamite_ manages to capture the persistent look and feel of the 1980s, despite being made at a low budget in 2003 (although it was not explicitly set up in the 1980s, those who spent a decade can not deny that the film "feels very early in the 1980s"). Obviously, it was possible to do something good from this, especially bearing in mind the iconic status that the original novel has in the UK, but the most prominent in appearance and feel, as well as in the treatment of original material, which maybe if you did not read and you do not intend to read you can enjoy an anachronism from the 1980s and give a shameful parody of modern jazz in Soho London in the late 1950s. I can definitely see what the team of writers tried, but they definitely could have done better. With Boi George as a household and mixed musicians and bands on top charts in 1986 in the UK, they definitely did not have to play characters in the way they ended up. In fact, I would go so far as to say that the writers finished doing what they both criticized the book and the film - in the end it got a bunch of adults who dropped shit and treated the target audience at the age of two years of idiots to quickly refuse.
