Robert Colomb has two permanent jobs. He is known all over the world as a television reporter. Less knowledgeable, but his efforts are equally strenuous as permanent filanders. I saw 'Vivre pour Vivre' named in English under the title 'Living for Life'. Some life! It seems that Robert always has at least three women in his life: one lover on the way out, one on the road, and a deceived woman at home. Helps Robert to be a nasty liar. Among his most useful lies is "I will call you tomorrow" and "My job lasted longer than planned." It spends a lot of time and money on planes, trains and hotel rooms for its conflict. You wonder when this guy will be caught with his down pants. Some might consider his life exciting, but I thought it was boring. His comrades, including his wife, Katarina, are all attractive and desirable women. But his lifestyle is so feverish and he's such a crook, you wonder if he's enjoying everything in this. Adding boredom is a significant shot that does not extend the plot. There are enlarged sections without dialogue or French dialogue. We see documentary films about wars, torture and training of soldiers who are interwoven with live action. When Robert's flight returns from Africa, we wait and we wait for the plane to land and drive to the airport terminal. Annie Girardot is a top performer in this film. Her was the most interesting character and played it to perfection. It was nice to see Candice Bergen at the beginning of her career. I can not find a mistake in Ives Montand's performance of what is basically an amoral bum. I enjoyed some of the new techniques of Claude Lelouch. On the scene of the hotel room, the camera is moving around the room while Robert and his mistress are arguing. We catch them briefly during each passing through the room. In another scene set to sleep in a train, Robert is lying on the upper bed while his wife is at the bottom. Robert gives some important but disturbing news to the woman, but we hear only parts because of the noise of the train. I felt that his wife was also not able to absorb every word because of the shocking nature of the news. I also enjoy exciting safari scenes in Africa. The cinema of these scenes and those in Amsterdam was great. I examined this film as part of a project at the Congress Library. I called the project FIFTI: 50 significant films forgotten within 50 years. As far as I can determine, this film, like the other forty-nine I've identified, has not been on video footage, on television or in the US since its original release. In my opinion, it is worthwhile to make it available again. <br /> <br />
