This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us about the fate of the two main characters and that the names of people and places have changed ... before they tell us that the relation to real people and events is quite random. This final line collects everything that has passed; such as the dirty film of Rina Di Silvestre was completely lacking in vision, and if there was any point on the plot; not intentionally placed there. The Werewolf Woman is often perceived as a pleasure or "as bad as it is a good" movie, but I completely disagree. I usually enjoy these films; but the Wolverine Woman is a really bad movie, and despite all the sex and savage on the screen; it does not even make it a fun hour, and that is really unprofitable. The film does not really have a lot of complications, but the thin ribbon that's given to us involves a young woman who also dreams of being a waswolf. He dreams of getting out and finding men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. She returns to the real world, but falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes to vengeance ... The film is made up of scenes of sex and bloody, intertwined with extremely annoying speech sequences in which various characters mute about recent events. These scenes are probably there to pass graphics and build characters; but they do not really do it, and they just managed to convert what could have been a transient exploitation punching into an extremely unusual movie. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than a plot, and this is shown by the fact that the film looks and sounds beautiful. Sex is often too long and not erotic, but it works well. The premise matured to give way to very sexy pieces of exploitation, as there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character has the origin of the insects means that there might be plenty of eroticism; but this is not capitalized, and while I can tolerate large doses of bad acting and badly made lines, I really can not watch movies and bargain. All in all, I would not recommend this film to great fans of exploitation. There are much better things than this, and the title may sound intriguing - the film is not.
