"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Verevolf Voman" from 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but, unfortunately, the film itself is quite far from being seen for my colleagues by Italian fans of horror. You will not hear me that Rino Di Silvia's movie is completely bad - it has its stylistic moments, and the first half is really fun to watch (although the party is unintentional). The film also benefits from the exceptionally exhibitionist lead actress Annik Borel. However, a film that does not have a real plot (at least not linear) often makes no sense, and it is incredibly drawn through the majority of the overly second half. Daniella (Annik Borel) has a strange thing. dreams of dancing around naked in the night before turning into Vukodlak. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit with her husband, she suddenly feels attracted to her husband, and then turns herself into Vukodlak ... or something like that. The story does not make even the slightest meaning, which makes the movie entertaining to watch during the first half. The leading figure of Daniella is a schizophrenic mixture of frigid hysteria and lustful nymphomaniac, which occasionally turns into a wolfhound. Director Di Silvestri has decided to make up for complications with a lot of female nudity, which is good for me. There are some pretty good moments. The film is never a bit tense or creepy, but it's very fun at the beginning. Also, there is no attempt to hide that this is part of the sleepless, and the camera often works in close-ups on private parts of Miss Borel for a simple analysis. I do not regret. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to extend the film for a long time by completely changing the direction he was going. While Daniella is initially a typical waswolf, who can not help but follows the accusation of her curse, it suddenly changes when she meets a person (Hovard Ross, who was in Il Boss, "Fernanda Di Lea" from 1973). , she returns to normal, and the later part of the film does not go hand in hand with the first half. It gets pretty boring after a while, When taken into account, it would probably be better for this 99-minute film to be only 70 minutes. In the end, they even want us to assure us that the absurd story (if it is so called) is based on a true event There are some remarkable qualities in the "Wolves": my Italian-Horror fans can try, but if you want to watch the Italian Horror / Eclectic from the 70's, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you see this movie.
