I suppose the writers never read a book of any kind, let alone Dickens' novel, and especially David Copperfield, and that their script was based on yet another badly written script, perhaps the adaptation of Copperfield, although it is also probable anything from which randomly dismissed about a third of the pages, and then transferred the rest, along with some random pages from scripts written by the nephew of the eighth grade for the English language and for which he received a bad grade. If casting was a bad joke - e.g. Richards as Kramer playing Micavber - whatever he was, then the direction and acting were a poorly delivered shot. Crossing over Kramer as Micavbert, if possible, Ham was such a complete anger, hunchback, and all that, at some point, I expected him to see him being driven by a raging fork and a torch carrying a bunch of villagers. Uriah was almost the same clown figure as Mikeber. Mr Murdstone mentioned so many terrorists as that Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. The actor's older David, I believe, is actually a woman. In any case, constantly looking as though he wants to find a mirror to see what looks nice and seems to him to be really pretty, he could barely convince him to write a pen. And while we are on this subject, in one of the many gross inaccuracies committed by half-smart producers of this shame, in the unnecessary blows of David who write their story, it seems that it is somewhere between 18 and 21 years old, when it should be in his forties. Perhaps the biggest offense, although difficult to choose, was a fictitious bribe between David and Murdston as he dumped a third woman in Switzerland, preceded by the fictional death of Murdstone's second wife. While doing this, it's a miracle that they did not send Heep to the guillotine, so they sent Sidney Carton's famous last words to him. Things could not make things worse. It could have been far better. In the literature there are literally thousands of small and great sins in the entire artistic mistake, and anyone who sees it risks a serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
