Sleek, simplified and short, GUN CRAZY (VOLUME 1: WOMAN FROM NOW) is not going anywhere. This short (just over sixty minutes) story is not so inspired by the classic Westerge spaghetti as Sam Raymy's THE KUICK & THE DEAD (his confessions for spaghetti western) that has been brought into a modern environment. In KUICK & DEAD, the character Sharon Stone seeks revenge against the cowardly sheriff (played by Jin Hackman) who, while only a hedgehog, put the fate of her father (short comedy Gary Sinisa) in her hands; accidentally hit him in the head. In GUN CRAZY, Saki (in the role of a swift Rieko Ionekura) seeks revenge against the Kukavica g. Toja (played with the minimalist call of Shing Tsurumi), who, when he was just a hedgehog, put the fate of his father into his hands; she let her leg slide from the clutch, and the dear ole dad was drawn and broken down by a half-truck. The only significant difference, despite the assumptions, is the fact that Tojo sadistically deprives Sakija ?? Well, I will not spoil it in case you choose to watch it. In short, Saki ?? pale imitation Clint Eastwood "Man without name" ?? drive to town? Basically, there's car workshops and a tavern with an American military base, so I guess it's enough for the city? broken by Toyoh, a local criminal with a ridiculously high price on the head for reasons that have never been explained or explored. Recognizing his true hunters as a head hunter, Saki takes over local gunmen in shootings whose choreography carries more than a passing similarity to the works of Johnny Toe and John Woo. Of course, until the end of the film, Saki has sustained her great amount of torture in the hands of bad guys, but she is raising her on that occasion? on his knees, in a ridiculous attempt to end a surprise ?? and destroys all her enemies with a rocket launcher. Do not ask where the rocket launcher gets. Just watch for yourself. Try not to laugh. The quality of the image is average for the DVD edition. There are several grainful qualities, but, overall, this is not a bad transmission. Sound quality sometimes fancies imagination, but it's not a bad transfer again. Instead, it's a bad movie.
