This film does not offer absolutely any imagination in its premise, nor in its performance, but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy about which there is no energy. The story is about a rugged analytical risk manager, Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), who finds his new wife, Lisa (Debra Messing), who cheats him with a dive instructor (Hank Azaria) after only one day on a honeymoon. Upon returning home, Ruben and his best friend Sandi (Philip Seimour Hoffman) go to a party and encounter Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston), who had been going to school for years. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgotten and messy and lives carelessly, which is the opposite of the one who is Ruben as a person, but they begin to date and Reuben begins to be changes as a person as he begins to try new things like salsa dance and eat spicy food. But one day Lisa returns and wants to stay married to Ruben, but he does not really want, but Poli decides to leave because she does not believe in marriage. This film is the second lead effort by John Hamburg, who wrote two generally ungrateful scenarios in "Zoolander" and "Meet Parents", but these two films look like a classic compared to this staggered piece. It's easy to say that something is not funny, but I think it's even easier to understand with this film why. This film is completely and completely predictable from beginning to end with every scene that seems to be just happening because of the ridiculousness of the script. Hamburg, who also wrote the script, seems to have written this without any thought to try something different, and sometimes seems to be trying to produce the same energy as "there is something about Mary", but the events seem incredibly forced. Has anyone really thought that a blind ferret is ridiculous? If you do it, your polish! Several times during the movies, the characters would inexplicably have these emotional speeches that should sum up everything, but all they have achieved is to overstate the obvious. Stiller works a lot, but maybe he should work less and just wait for better scenarios, because this movie does not work as a comedy or as a romance.
