Boom has gained some prestige. With heavyweight Tailor, Burton, Noel Covard, Tennessee Villiams and Joseph Losei, you might be tempted to think how badly it can be? Well, it's much worse than you could imagine. The sad and disturbing fact of "Boom" seems to be the falling and falling signs of the above-mentioned heavy categories. It's exactly director Joseph Losei, who has deeply penetrated the depths of "Modesta Blaise" and "Boom" (some may want to add "Secret Ceremony"), managed to recover and in 1970 created his best work, the divine "Go- Betveen "The worst of all is the work of Tennesee Villiams. From the mid-forties to the early sixties, Villiams wrote numerous performances that gained classical status, remaining in the repertoire of theaters around the world, and many become bohemian films. When Villiam's husband left him, probably because of his illicit substance abuse, he left him forever. Villiams at its best is an actor's dream that provides many unforgettable performances. (Is Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr better than "Night Iguana"?) Tailor was particularly touched by the Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and the "Suddenly Last Summer". There is an anecdote in which allegedly Tailor asks John Gielgood whether she will learn to play Shakespeare, which he replied "if you teach me to play Tennessee Villiams". If Gielgood saw Boom, he would keep his tongue. The Tailor was simply never worse, turning himself into a challenging performance. Despite her face being well photographed, she is determined. Apart from physical decline, from then onwards, she would basically lose credibility as a serious actress with a series of completely forgotten (and even worse) roles for her. The same could be said for Burton. After a short-running theater star, Hollywood won fame and fortune. But the body of his work from now on (1968) would be incomparable. Noel Covard has long ceased to be a force in the theater where his comedies in the salon were replaced by Villiams and the British "angry young men". He seems to enjoy camping, but barely manages to have fun, from a man who has claimed such a talent. The only member who holds her dignity is the young Joanna Shimkus, who in a few years would give up a promising career on the screen to become Mrs. Sidney Poitier. Boom stinks to relaxation; It's simply out of control. A very sad career pointer that went wrong, not a camping camp camp, as some suggested.
