It's a bad season for Bollivood with all the big releases with massive hyper circumstances that are proven to be on the board. London Dreams is no exception. Let's cut it ... Everything is looking for your dreams and how far you will go to achieve it. It sounds impressive, is not it? But, unfortunately, the film is not. Arjun (Ajai Devgan) is an ambitious musician who wants to make him one day big. His dream is to perform at the Vemblai Stadium in front of an audience that salutes 90,000 people and calls his name. He is joined by two brothers, Zoheb & Vasim (debutants Aditia Roi & Ranvijai) and a fascinating Priia (Asin). Together with them they create "London Dreams". After impressing the head of the publishing house, they become sensational overnight. Arjun is secretly in love with Prija, which she does not want to discover until she achieves her goal. Arjun then brings his childhood friend Manjit Khosla called Mann (Salman Khan), a carefree cocktail guy who has no ambition in life to join their band. Mannu is a trained musician and a real talent for whom Arjun later envied Mannu's superior skills and his affair with Prius. Arjun, with the help of Zoheba, plans to destroy Mannu. What happens next forms the rest of the films. Coming to the technical aspects, we feel only the shadow of Vipula Amritlla whom we admired in Namaste London. I felt like I simply visualized the script. To short it, a celebrated cameraman. The scenario of Suresh Naira is boring even though he has his moments. Defined in a predictable way, the script has worn you. Working with cameras was excellent in capturing the beauty of London. It's the only fun part of watching songs. Little songs are hummable, while other transient sound cards. Ajai is the one who stole the show with its negative character. Salman is a monotone and irritates you. Asin is forgetful and I do not want to be big in Bollivood. Aditia Roi is impressive while Ranvijai is strictly fine. Brinda as a bitch is what we saw in countless films. Ompuri is in progress with the procedure. I do not want to deal with disadvantages because it will be a Herculean task. Finally, let's say easy and clear, London Dreams is a soulless movie that you might enjoy better on DVD.
