London Dreams, directed by Vip Shah, is a frustrating stupid movie about crazy people. It is a type of film whose central conflict can be resolved immediately if the characters involved simply sat down and talked. Ajai Devgan plays Arjuna, an ambitious pop artiste obsessed with the performance of a fan crowd at London's Vembley Stadium. He becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and companion Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than him, but not nearly as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when his popularity is threatening to outstrip his own. Here's where the heart-heart can help. If Arjun explained what Vembel meant to him, Manu would kindly withdraw and let Arjun fulfill his dream of childhood, and we would have been spared agonies of watching the rest of this abnormal stupidity. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in a position to provide us with services. London Dreams is packed with unintended hilarious gems, such as the last story that involves Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide because of his embarrassment for being scared at the crowded Vemblai concert. Or a funny incident on the show where Manu needs to take on vocal responsibility after the explosion of confetti is practically silencing Arjun in silence. But idiocy does not end there. In his attempts to shame Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connections to put Manua on the drugs. An unusual group urges Manu to drop some tequila with her, but replace her cocaine. Before you find out, Manu has gained appetite for a white powder that causes addiction, practically throwing it away like dinner. If it is not stupid enough, then there is a rough scene in which Man is chasing that girl to find out from whom she receives orders. The quest ends in a dark London street where a girl kneels down, pretending to be incalculable by seducing Manu's girlfriend who secretly follows them. Wait, there's more! Expect that he will hysterically contemplate when Arjun removes his belt and ruthlessly scolds him to erase all the thoughts of a romantic or lust for the lead dancer of the Priia group (played by Asin) because nothing and no one can distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Amadeus Milos Forman to be able to earn any comparison with last year's Rock On! Vipul Shah's last is an awkward melodrama that is so freely directed as scripted. The film goes for broad humor, superior emotions, and basically selects the volume of subtlety. It works for Manu's character, and Salman Khan plays him dolly and sympathetically, but in the case of Arjuna, Ajai Devgan is too passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches a boiling point, this leads to an unpleasant pre-climax scene where he surrenders to a packed concert hall and is reasonably robbed by plastic bottles as punishment. Of the remaining actors, I can not say anything about Asyn, who practically enlightened Ghajini with his thrilling charm, but here he disappoints with unnecessary exaggerated acting in an ungrateful role. Ranvijai Singh and Aditia Roi Kapur, reduced to only the bands in the band, appear at regular intervals, usually to say a kind of meaningless dialogue, like, "We'll break it!" For its bland writing and messy direction, London Dreams is finally a tedious watch. If you have to, watch out for Salman Khan who turned the rice into a bonafide style of acting. It's the only thing that will make you laugh in this sad, sad movie.
