When this film was first shown on television, I had the great hope that we would finally have a decent film about the First World War experienced by US soldiers. Unfortunately, that's not it. It was supposed to be a good movie about the First World War. Although made for television, it is obvious that the right effort was made to use the appropriate equipment and equipment. However, writing and directing are very bad, although the creators of this film apparently freely borrowed from a few well-made war films. There are abundant clichés about war films, such as an arrogant general who obviously does not care about the lives of his people. When will Hollivood realize that, although there were many bad generals, most generals of combat units themselves saw a lot of fighting and are not naive about what are the average experiences? The first part of the film was "Roads of Glory" with American uniforms. Except the "Roads of Glory" was emotionally exciting. Later came a chamberlain (except uphill) from Gettysburg, and even the capture of an American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from the "Thin Red Line". But in the "thin red line" the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this film around a new prisoner, a ring is formed in the midst of the battle. If this film was used by a military advisor, they were ignored. Although the actors (and I never forgot that the actors watched) pronounced military tactics, I did not see much. US soldiers would rise to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who apparently were blind, apparently did not use any tactics in their attack. In a real war, the tactic was what made the storm troopers so effective. But the dumbest scene was the attack by German flame throwers. In this scene, German flame operators threw a broad line toward American defenders. If that were true, they would never come close enough to use their flame throwers before they were all thrown out of the bullets' bullets. . But it's still disappointing. But what really rejected me from this film was the typical anti-war angle that filmmakers think is important. True, war is hell. But most US soldiers, although mumbling and complaining, tend to believe in what they do and can be pretty gung-ho about it. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before I was born, I was told he was proud of his service.
