Films in which actors play actors are put on the back leg from the very beginning. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply can not behave, and even those who can normally bother after a few minutes. The children at Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, because they are both very boring and do not have any acting skills among them. In short; they are nonsense. This is not good given that they are leading, and especially not good when considering the fact that it's almost impossible to seriously understand this film for the actors of the garbage. It's a shame that this film is a deadweight because the action is not (not completely). A young girl is followed, who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the world of imagination that she created. It soon becomes clear to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and thus begins to make various changes, until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. Oh my God. As you can see, this plot plot gives a nice base for a good fantasy horor movie. However, this has failed through numerous fatal errors. First and foremost, despite the fact that space is a great premise for a lot of inventiveness; the film was extremely stagnant. The central action is not played at all, and the result is a completely boring experience. The lack of tension is another huge pitfalls in the film, as it believes it is necessary to pull each sequence to the extent that you are no longer interested in (which is due to lack of ideas). Partly thanks to the main characters, the film feels like a movie for children. It is expected that it will be like children, but Bernard Rose should have decided on what he wanted to put on the story; such as horror in the movie at best is ridiculous. The film is also very sophisticated, and the 'romance' between the two tracks is extremely fragile-worthy, and makes it very painful to watch. In fact, if I had to collect this travesty in one word, I would choose "painfully". The paperwork is poorly acted, ridiculously drawn, very rough and boring in its entirety. Save the pain, you see something else.
