The eternal Jew (Der Evige Jude) does not have what we call today the scientific document: Instead of appointing experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants to believe (one will admit that the American journal was from that period was also much less regulated than it would seem to be ethical for a modern audience, often inserting dramatic scenes and transmitting them as realistic news footage. Add this directed propaganda to the fact that director Hipler "preached to the converts" not so much of asking the indifferent Europeans to hate the Jews as a confirmation of the feelings that many of them already had in order to allow the Holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the logic of the film is shown in his "rat" analogy, which explains the behavior of rats, and then adds something in the sense of "Well, the Jewish people are like that." Similarly, the Jewish people are described as ugly by showing the ugly Jewish people in relation to the attractive Gentiles, following a jump of faith is uglyly bad. It seems that the film contradicts itself several times, for example by attacking Western painters who have shown old-fashioned characters like Europe's light; thus the text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is actually a rooted aspect of Christian culture. He also shows the Jews from the ghetto who willingly live in dirt that is infected by cockroaches, despite the alleged treasure they collected, and then flip-flops saying that those same undesirable people live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. Otherwise, who would not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows the equally blunt implementation of logic. The first film is proclaimed as being made by the Jews; then obviously he is using Hipler to check the Jew's deception (the aforementioned threat of poverty by the Gates of Israel, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, although the "spin" of Rothschild's character is that Jews are overly taxed); finally, Rothschild's film was again distorted because it implies that the famous banking family has invented a current account. This apparent indecision in whether US recordings are positively or negatively displayed can become clearer with repeated views, but at first sight it makes a mute recording. For all the imperfections of the Eternal Jew, at first I was surprised that IMDb's rating for this film is as high as it is, only shy so far. I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of EJ exceeded its original purpose, offering us an unintentional look at the lives of European Jews because they will not be seen a few years later. Needless to say, the very bad side of the film also provides a historical insight into a bad or simply evil movie recording as a means of propaganda. At about this time, I should expect that the director of Hipler will re-start, saying: "That's what I wanted to do all the time!" Scenes showing slaughter of animals are particularly creepy and show the same as inhuman, contrary to Kosher's intention to prevent the suffering of animals. I would love someone who watched the movie, and have some knowledge about these procedures, to comment on whether the display is correct.
