The La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of the House of Usher, as it is known among the English audience, begins with Allan (Charles Lami) who goes to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter Madeleine's wife was sick. Once there, Allan found Madeleine very sick and her husband Roderick decided and almost obsessed with painting her portrait. As Roderick's image of Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker almost as if the image exhausts life from it, Allan tries to help his friend, but the tragedy soon strikes ... This French production was written together, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and was the second of two adaptations of the adaptation of the Usher House during 1928, I honestly do not know that the original novel was published in 1839, I think you are waiting for 89 years to make the adaptation and two come at the same time! In any case, I feel that I have some problems here because I have read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right person to write a comment on it, but I have to say that it just did not do anything for me. I did not like it, obviously the first thing to say is that this is a silent film and that's why it relies on pictures, but even so I thought the story was weak, I thought that the film was boring and boring, although it only lasts about an hour time and it did not do anything for me at all. The La Chute de la Maison Usher was created almost 80 years ago and it's literally lifelong; the world, cinema and flavors have since evolved and I did not find the pleasure in this movie. I feel that this film is badly out of date and probably was not so good to begin with. I never felt for any character, I never worried about anything that was happening and I thought it was all pretty tedious to sit, I'm sorry if I offended all the fans of the silent film there, but that's how I felt . Director Epstein works well, many people wander about the pictures in La Chute de la Maison Usher & I will freely admit that it definitely has its moments, but I thought they were a bit and far. People's mouths are moving and they do not actually hear what they say just seemed strange to me, I did not like the music and the version I saw kept the original French artistic cards narrated by the guy with the most terrible French accent that was also impossible. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt she has much resemblance to her except one or two basic elements, to stick to the fantastic house Roger Corman, who played Vincent Price. Technically, the movie was ok considering it was made. You just can not say about acting because nobody ever speaks, even though the movie is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or reflect what's going on, but after a while it seemed a little stupid. br> >> La Chute de la Maison Usher will like those who crave for the passionate times that live in the caves or who are stuck in the past, for me I like my films have a story, not to bore me and have a sound and sorry I am if the last statement sounds like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has moved since 1928 and for the better.
