This is a confusing movie. The beauty in sexual relations between men and women is shown by a degraded set of men and women who can only be described as a collection of freaks and unadorned ones. Greenavai admits His inspiration to Felini's film "8 1/2", but while Felix Titanium is a world cinema, Greenavai is not. He has no maestro lightness of touch, nor his ability to convey feelings and emotions He is pretentious, the film is divided into chapters with a written introduction into each, as if the viewer must be guided in the film, apart from being written notifications remain on the screen for a few seconds, not long enough for the audience to read them, so they are largely ignored. As for women, only two can be described as viewers, Palmira, which game Polly Valker and Giaconda plays Natacha Amal. The rest is running with the usual. Both women and men retreat from the sharp light of reality into the dull nuances of fantasy. Greenavai obviously wants to say that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness. Women themselves are depressed because they provide their services in exchange for money. Relations between men and women were canceled in a commercial transaction. In the film there is no sense of joy or happiness or love, there are really a few scenes that are deeply unfavorable: The incestuous relationship between father and son Philip and Storey Emmental was played by John Standing and Matthev Delamere. Unscrupulous neglect of both men to Giaconda wearing their child, she actually becomes pregnant twice, the first fetus is aborted, and the second time it is sent to the destination chosen by men from the book of flights. Men also have sex with a woman who has no legs (half of the women in the title). The creativity that exists between Berill, played by Amanda Plummer, with a pig named Hortense. The father and son share the women between them. Women enjoy sexual harassment. The father sleeps with the corpse of his dead wife. Fortunately, none of these scenes is shown sexually, but only hints. Significant degradation of women is such that there can not be any wonder that the film was shot when it was first premiered in Cannes for the first time. What is even more unusual is that the actresses in the film lined up to defend him, once again showing that there is no limit to the naivety of women and that women will be fooled by the exploitation of men. Greenava's film style is pretentious, it's a triumph of style in relation to substance, a show of film as an art followed by the abandonment of common sense. Greenavai is trying to achieve the sublimity of Surrealism, but only manages to show the banality of human relationships.
