Jean Seberg did not have a single act of acting talent. Like all her films, "Bonjour tristesse" does not suffer from her appearance at all (although she may be the first of those modern women whom Tom Wolfe joyfully describes as "boys with chest": publicists, of course, use the word "gamine") but hardly suffers from Sebergovog boring, monotonous, ubijajućeg vote. In all her films, when he had to play rage, Seberg is played with loud sound, distraction, catching breath between his monotone droned verbalization. Oi. <br /> < br> <br> Preminger's adaptation of the surprised juvenile, fantasy soap opera Franc ise Sagan is noteworthy only because of its lush cinematography - but then it's hard work on the photogenic French Riviera, and perhaps for his good, but certainly not revolutionary, the use of black and white to present scenes from which we Seberg monotonous story leads to extended color in the past. <br /> <br /> Juliette Greco has a brief moment, as a night club in black and white reflector, delivering in a smoky voice Dietricheskue bleak existentialist lyre title song. Today, in retrospect, this moment is more than a fairy tale. Unless, of course, if you are French - especially if you are French "68-er" who longs for the glory days of barricades around the Sorbonne - and your kids are complaining to retain lifetime sinecures that are weakened and weakened the French economy: you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all such mysterious, irrelevant theorists. David Niven has the heaviest role, playing with a sufficiently dense old hedonist who has yet to realize that life is not. all about Sagan's teenage ideas about hip, cool, rocking, "mon copain!" Bye-bye. Deborah Kerr delivers his usual, totally professional presence, convincingly playing a woman who is suffering from undeserved Seberg defiant teenage jealousies (filling Sagan shallow teenage fantasy of Classical theme "can only be one queen in a hive"); In fact, Kerru belongs to the only big and unforgettable moment on the screen. Dialogue is unnatural - I agree with an earlier reviewer who said that sounds "badly translated" from the French; Combine unnatural scripting with Sebergov's incomparably dull, unbearable monotone and you can save that Valium for another night. At the top, imperfectly synchronized voice dubbing post production is almost certainly evident and therefore much more than just annoying: this applies particularly to the synchronization of Milena Demongeot, because she spoils her otherwise very pleasant dumb blonde performance. Hunki Geoffrei Horne gets a short end of a stick - a very handsome young man who also suffered from a more or less beautiful, non-kinematic voice that, when paired with Seber's dron, gives unconvincing scenes of the love of puppies. (Horne was, to put it this way, only adequate in 'Bridge On River Kwai', perhaps because his end was held by great film professionals Villiam Holden and Jack Havkins, instead of being supported by the unhappy Seberg). > <br /> All in all, 'Bonjour tristesse' is nice to look at, but it's shallow, immature soap: thin porridge with soap.
