It's obvious that the people who made 'Dead At The Bok Office' like B-movie horror. Excess references to the genre went through a series of characters from the warehouse (an authority that does not believe the monstrous invasion is actually happening) to Kevin Smith's discussions about the revival of the last moments of Duane Jones from the Night of the Living Dead. but twice. Unfortunately, it takes more than love to make a good movie. Choice for recording and recording are unimaginable and do not. While a common warning in the film school to avoid "Mastershot Theater", telling the story completely in a wider master record, we find a line here as in several sequences it is difficult to grasp the spatial relationships between characters as the story tells a series of medium snapshots without setting up a recording in order to linked. Editing is gray and basic, and sometimes there are non-motivated cuts. Lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, so it's hard to imagine a scene in a darkened theater (was there lighting, or was it just a picture with the available light?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is wiped out, and the performances are mostly one note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and presence on the screen as Curtis, and a colleague playing the projectionist has some pleasant reading line; Michael Allen Villiams as theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic film geek Eric has some nice moments). The assumption is stupid, even for B-horror flick (Also, the awful Dr. Eisner was not aware of Project Paperclip could save a lot of trouble!). 'Zombies' are not dangerous, and their makeup is unconvincing (although the zombie was trying to get a bunch out of the machine with a smile). For a zombie fan, there is very little blood or violence, although what is there is good handshake. Random music, although stylistic uneven, is sometimes good, and there are some good effects. Parody 'Time Varp' was a fun listening, although the images that were next to him were less entertaining to watch. Unfortunately, the circular dialogue sounds straight. Was this video unconnected (suspicious, it looks like video through and through)? I watched Lloyd Kaufman's special presentation by Troma Films before the main characteristic - although essentially it consisted of Kaufman joining his stuff and admitting that he had not seen a movie while someone was robbed by a Tokie mask, its production and entertainment values ​​were more than 'Dead ...' itself (fast next to the one that put the DVD together - the countdown on the movie leader sounds only on the flash-frame 2, not every number plus one more after). In that sense, viewers of vampire movies are looking early in 'Dead' ... they seemed much more fun than this. Recommendation to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or who are a fiery Lloyd Kaufman's complete set (in "Film-In-Film", "Kaufman Minion" plays). (Fully detecting: my girlfriend is an add-on in this movie.
