Response to previous comments from the inhabitants of the regions in which this film was shot: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean Viev entertainment park led to a decline in neighboring settlements. It just is not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypassed the Ocean View, the primary route for traffic went through the heart of Ocean View. When the interstate track was completed, Ocean View soon became a city-spirit with closing business and increasing crime. This led to a huge reduction in revenue for the park, which also faced a new rivalry near Busch Gardens in Villiamsburg. In the meantime, over the past few years, the City of Norfolk has done a remarkable job of encouraging re-development so that the area has become a sought-after location for the construction of top-class apartments. It was said that a snapshot of a slide was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". It's also untrue. The recordings were shot from two cars on a pad for that movie, but actual explosions and collapse are exclusive to the "Death of the Ocean View of the Ocean". As for the film itself, the story of the "supernatural" force in the water near the park was certainly stupid, but somewhat typical of the B-films of that time. When the actors were involved, it should not be a surprise that the landscapes were shaken in almost every scene by the main actors. I do not think this film is meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I believe that Plaiboi experimented with a new non-nude format to determine if it was an area in which the company could expand (obviously no!). A strange force in the water that caused strange events in the old amusement park, probably sounded good at the conference table, but it turned out to be improbable in execution. Otherwise, the roller coaster and the rest of the park were intended to destroy the ball; "Let's figure out a strange way to justify an explosive ruin!" For the occasional movie viewer, this would be a "once and forget about him" movie (except for fans Diana Canova); but for thousands of people living in the region and having nice memories of the park, this film is like a "memory trail" for park records, as well as old recordings from the center of Norfolk, the first "Harborfest", and Old Dominion Universites. Even the limited edition of this movie on DVD would be welcome.
