The innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a relationship for one night with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She found that Elizabeth McGovern was attacked outside, but she could not call the police because she would marry her with Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So, Gutenberg, an honest citizen who is he, when he finds out that another woman was assaulted and killed just half an hour later, comes forward and claims to have testified to the first attack, merely intending to transfer information provided by Huppert. Well, do not ever testify falsely against your neighbor, as they say. This simple attempt to help the police catch the killer, quickly turns. When she meets the first victim nearby, McGovern, she immediately switches to what happened, but agrees to keep her silent for a moment. But then Gutenberg found himself in court, he needed to identify the heavy (Greenkuist), and through cross-examination we discovered that he was close and that he could not identify the objects remotely, let alone the faces. (Not that it matters, because in the end he never saw a reptile.) The action becomes practically laborious. Guttenberg is the main suspect when Huppert was killed. Barely escape from the arrest and hole with the current cute McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern rolled out a plan to capture the killer. It will serve as a bait. He will follow the scary creep into one of his overwhelmed things, and McGovern will behave like a docile-drawn killer, just to make him kill him. But everything will be fine, you see, because not only will Gutenberg carefully pay attention to her, and not only will he warn the police a few minutes after he enters this dive, but will retain the can of a mace. The case. I ask you, a warning observer, is this scenario taking place according to plan? Elizabeth McGovern has an unusually interesting bone structure. It seems that at any moment all the mandible and narrow mouth, but she is alive. Steve Guttenberg has hair on his brain and that's all. He is otherwise helpless as well as the character he plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act, this is not visible in this movie. The killer is so formed and so reinforced that it looks like he wears one of those deformity masks in the episode of the Twilight Zone on greedy heirs. Did not director Curtis Hanson continue to work "LA Confidential"? That was a nice job. Everything here seems clumsy and fictitious, down to small parts. Immediately before an inevitable violent climax, a uniformed uniform was introduced to postpone McGovern's rescue, and the place was shameful to watch. Dick Olsen has a small role as a late buyer. He's a tidy guy and he's always reliable. Paul Shenar as a horned husband has a striking face that seems to have been made for the stage and he does a good job. This joint meeting in which McGovern attracts the attention of the killer, where he plays a pool with several hairy monkeys, was shot at a bar in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, not far from where I lived. The way the interior is set, it's clear that this should be dangerous and dirty diving. In fact, it looks like the screen seemed much more elegant than in reality. All in all, this is the territory of Hitchcock and causes tears in the eyes to imagine what he would do with this story.
