It is often said that Tobe Hooper was very fortunate with his terrible horror film The Theses Chain Sav Massacre and every time I see another Hooper movie - that look is only reinforced. It seems that Huper wanted to make his own version of films such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, and that's how we end up with Spontaneous Flashing; a movie with a few good ideas and a whole lot of things borrowed from other films. Put everything together and you'll get a messy, boring movie that most people would miss out on! The movie leads the audience to believe that it could be half decent at first with an intriguing background that focuses on some experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple has a child and soon after that they burn to death as a result of the experiments on them. Quickly for a few years and the baby is now an adult named Sam; but, of course, he is not a normal person and soon reveals that he has discovered that he has the ability to burn things at will. The film starring Brad Dourif, who surely looked like a good casting choice. his success with a children's game two years earlier; but in fact it was a non-inspiring decision because the central performance is really terrible; and they do not help him with terrible supporting performances. The tricky direction and the boring scenario also do not make the movie much favored, and the lack of service continues with special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing to do with the films that take it away; They were all made several years earlier. The action is very slow and almost an hour before something happens, and then I did not care about it. Soon it becomes obvious in what direction the film will go and everything comes down to the sort of boring ending you would expect. The final confrontation is a great disappointment and nothing really is explained during the film. It's not that any discovery would be interesting. All in all, this is a garbage film and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great horror director. See Firestarter again.
