Bizarre Tobe Hooper in relation to an unhappy young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to ignite people. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die from the spontaneous burning of people and it seems that what Sam begins to suffer because of these pills is his girlfriend, Lisa (Cinthia Bain) gives him to take for crude migraines. In fact, Lisi was told to manipulate Sam to take pills from Lev Orlander (Villiam Prince), mostly the father of a young man who raised him from the child. The lion has benevolent plans ... I see myself as the first "Atomic Man", a clean machine for killing in human form. I never wanted to do it and will do all it takes to silence those who are responsible for his condition. As the film goes, Sam's blood slowly grows poisonous, green in color instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often extinguish the fire react exactly the opposite when Sam's uncontrolled flames of flame burn. Come find out, Lisa has Sam's condition whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cipher), someone whom Sam has known for a long time as his doctor, is to insert toxic green fluids into their bodies, I suppose I increase the level of flame. Nina (Melinda Dilon, with the disappearing and exiting accent) was a friend and associate of Sam's parents in the fifty years experiments trying to talk to him about what is happening. And, Rachel (Dei Ioung) is Sam's ex-wife who may be working against her ex-husband with Leo and Marsh to harm him, too. effects of flame. Dourif attempts to bring the tragic element and intensity to his character, whose condition is still being watched as his body slowly becomes toxic waste with a fire that often falls from its orifices. There is a large hole in his hand that throws a flame like a volcano and a huge stain on his hand that increases over time. The best scene is likely when director John Landis, who displays an obscene electrical engineer trying to inform Sam to drop the receiver because he worked the program he called, sounded like a nightmare. Mirroring never works well because it is so wildly uneven with a sudden, funny ending where Sam offers to release Lisa to her fire taking it from her.
