The title itself (along with the poster) is enough to divide the "Projection" as an obvious feat of "The Fli". And Briant Halidai, although much better than a typical IMDb review, you think that nobody imagined an acceptable replacement for Vincent Price. Although, when I think about it, who would have been, unless Micheal Gough was available? Still, if you're keen on watching the British movie "Hammer" with the topic of a science fiction about a teleport experiment that went terribly wrong ... well, you might still want to give the "Projection Man" a pass and search in "abandoned" a container in local Val-Mart for another film about the accident of teleporter. Because this is not so good. Halidai has captured many well-meaning crew members from the MST3K crew for his part in this film and in "Devil Doll", but he is actually the best. thing in TPM. Maybe she can not take a movie, but there is virtually no help from the script here. The scenario loses all the momentum toward progress that could be in the brilliant nonsense of funding and university politics and a guy named Lembach and an evil cabal who want teleportation to fail to steal his secrets ... or something. So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of the film include phone calls or unverifiable special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. Then, when the poor Halidai becomes disfigured by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film wearing diaper over half his face and rubber cement over the rest while he puts currents on various Londoners who are chasing their way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts who used megaphones could not make this scenario. In the meantime, all other actors are diligently trying to inject life and interest into their roles for this tense little project, but the scenario simply pushes their efforts as a whole. The corrupted project manager boasts and evaporates and shakes the phone to his blackmailers, until he notices that he looks like a waswolf clothed in a suit of tweed and Tattersall vest. Halidai's research assistant and former girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of the British horror movie. His secretary is forced to parade in her "little". None of this works or turns into a real movie. And all this just stops, leaving the viewer to go: "Eh? Sorry, was not it supposed to be ENDING here?" However, for all of his problems, we can easily name a dozen horror films from the same period that were either bad or worse, and so anyone else who watches movies (or who ever reviewed the IMDb "Bottom 100 "). I would not really pay the money to have a "Projected Man," but if I were involved in a compilation along with a dozen other films in the DVD collection, I would probably feel good if I had it. It is a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror film festival, for watching with friends while consuming a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday night.
