Professor Paul Steiner is researching the transfer of matter. He developed a machine that he could use to make an object such as a wristwatch or rodent disappear, only to re-materialize the object at another location. But there are those in his research center who do not like or approve his experiments and will do everything he can to see that he fails. After unsuccessful demonstrations that may have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things arrive terribly wrong and it turns into a very frightened madman whose touch will only kill. That same week I watched "Flight", "Flight Return" and "Curse of Flying". It seems that there are only so many movie about the transfer of matter and potentially terrible effects that can have on the human body that one person should endure for a period of three or four days. I'm not sure what those who are responsible for the list of movies are the original material for The Projected Man, but much is so similar to Fli films that it can not be a mere coincidence. However, the projected man is not nearly as good as the worst trilogy of Fli. Apart from being terribly unoriginal, The Projected Man has several other problems that really harm the enjoyment of the movie. The big problem I have is with the leadership of Briant Halidaia. He is such a horse's ancestor not only to not worry about his suffering, but I am also for it. Supported members of actress Mari Peach and Ronald Allen are almost equally bad. They are so pale and blunt that they hardly matter. Actually, it's very exciting when you are looking at the Projection Man. The soundtrack ?? Not very memorable. View "I would describe him as" muddy. "The plot is predictable, the action does not have them. All in all, this should be avoided. Fortunately, I watched a projection man through a copy of the episode Misteri Science Theater 3000. Funny stuff! Although it's not absolutely, very often, the poorer film is better than the MST3K riffs. The guys have hit almost all of their designs with The Projected Man, I will give a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K scale.
