Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after they just moved to LA for work (David David is now a Galaki LA player after a transfer from Real Madrid) will initially be full series but is gratefully shortened to only one But even in This form, it is still infinitely infinite. Like almost all television shows of 'reality', most incidents appear to be obviously fake, and the program even recognizes that Posh's newly-appointed personal assistant is an actress. Ugly-Bethy Looks, we hear some barely written and performed jokes at the beginning (with an apparent scarf about Beck's apparent party with the previous, and pretty glamorous PA Rebecca Loos, although her name is not mentioned) with further sequences involving a fake doll to deceive Paparazzi and hopeless attempts to play baseball. It could have been more fun that everyone admitted it was a piece of hair. , and he had an act of ress or an imitator in the main role. The talented Impressionist Ronnie Ancona would be perfect and better in that Posh is better than himself, and if this smarter decision was made, much more fun and fun would follow. we remain the right thing here (Ms. Ancona may have dismissed the script as too weak), and although there are unusual attempts at self-confidence and irony, she never works because of previous information on La Beckham's significant fortune and her inability to deliver potential jokes, despite intentions to send her image, Ms. Beckham encounters shallow egoists, and her weak one-way does not convince us that she has a humorous self-awareness. I suppose that if a more realistic approach to the documentary on the wall is made, Posh walk along any street in LA and be completely ignored (instead of the frenzied, set scenes of mild hysteria at the show) and associates making unconnected verses about it. Ms. Loos, already mentioned, would have made incomparably better television, but as a co-authoritative PR material, the bone itself would never allow such events to happen. Having said this, later the scene where she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferent to an uninterested audience, showing that it would be difficult times if she wants to be great at Hollywood. Her colleague Scari Spice (also called Mel Brovn) also considered it impossible to make him big in the film capital despite her affair (which was not consumed) with the big name Eddie Murphy. Spice Girls, of course, have been a very successful popup of tubers in the mid-1990s, so in their native Britain, but still popular for a short time in other countries, including the United States. They certainly were a good party at the height of their glory (1997) when it seemed that there was a great period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and the new Labor government. They look like Spice Girls However, they have never been exceptional musical or singing talents, and it seems that optimism in the United Kingdom soon disappeared later that year (the starting point is undoubtedly the tragic death of a princess). Diana), as well as the Spices themselves. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if they all quietly moved out of the public eye, permanently with dignity to enjoy the wealth, then we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our mind without any guilt. Unfortunately, the appearance of the disgusting culture of the 'celebrities' in the United Kingdom at the beginning of the millennium has given these imaginations, and we all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories. Since then Spices, Posh is the worst offender, and the other colleagues are not lagging behind. It has recently been announced that a tour will be coming soon after return, which is confusing because they have never left and certainly do not require any additions to their bank accounts. Perhaps this is because two of them fight for single mothers, maybe? Well, soon it's time for Beck's adventure on the documentary revelation, I can not wait ............. Rating: 2 out of 10.
