I am inclined to love everything that the great deceased Paul Naschi (R.I.P.) has ever been. Although all Naschie films are not great, they all have a specific charm that can not be found anywhere but in Naschi-flicks, and they are always fun. However, there is no exception rule, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. While the film has a specific Naschi-flick-charm, it unfortunately pulls too much and becomes really, really boring. Naschi is the evil Baron Gilles De Lancre, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought alongside Gilles De Lancre against the British, learns of Baron's evil behavior, decides to turn against his former companion in the arms and help people to free the Satanic tyranny of Baron. . Directed by Leon Klimovsky, best known for directing Naschia in "La Noche De Valpurgis" (1971), the film was written by Naschi himself. Naschi often wrote his own films, and it must be said that he mostly worked a better, original job than it is here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built as a historical adventure, not a horror movie, and becomes quite boring in the middle. He often resembles the Sword and Sandals of the 50's, only this film was set in the Middle Ages. The satanic part is probably added only because the name of the great Half of Nasi is related to the Horror genre. The film has its good parts: Paul Naschi gives strange speeches, Paul Naschi looks weird, Paul Naschi does Satanic things, Paul Naschi tortures innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately, most of the film concentrates on a boring hero and good guys, and these moments are boring. Female actors are nice to look at, but, unlike most Naschi movies, this does not contain nudity and sleeplessness. There are some upsets, but it's mostly awkward and it's not so much fun to watch as most other Naschi movies do. All in all, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is just worth a look at my colleagues Naschi-enthusiasts. There are dozens of films in which the deity of Spanish horror is played, which should be seen before this, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging"). 1973), "Latis De Panico" (1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), or films The Werewolf "Valdemar Daninski" HELP IN THE PEACE Paul Naschi The Legends Never Die!
