It's pretty clear that the director and the production team went on to paint a less flattering picture of a Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its site are trying to imply that Aiat has a secret reason to make Rachel himself - a problem with a boy - perhaps pregnancy. The purified fact is that Aiat was itself a witness of the death of a close friend in the hands of the Israelis - just outside her home. God, why should a young, beautiful, intelligent girl with college plans leave and do something like that? Is it possible that the hormonal, emotional teenager is traumatized, seeing to see someone she loves dying in front of her eyes? This detail deserves all 5 seconds in the movie. Another detailed detail is that Avigail Levi, Rachel's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Ahras family (along with 22 other families) lived. Apparently the impression is that it offers as a "concession" - if Mrs. Akhras agrees to talk to her. "Why would I?" (after the movie was made that the home was destroyed - it seems that the interview did not lead to what she wanted - so bring bulldozers) Ms. Levi claimed that she "wanted the film to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to overcome rooted hatred" - instead She used it as an excuse to upset Ajata's mother while holding her house as a carrot. Even if the two women live only 4 miles away, she is so out of touch with the reality of the occupation of her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can only go to coffee? Please. She also gave up the only chance she had to personally meet with Ms. Ahras and see what kind of life (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now lives in a vulnerable refugee camp just 4 miles from where Levis lives in comparative luxury. had to obviously do good to Mrs. Levi, her air of self-righteousness was disbanded. Ajat's mother appears to be kind, sincere and full of love - despite the best efforts of the post-production crew to portray her and her family as monsters. They were unilateral - I presume that the mujesin sings EVERY day 4 miles from Levi's family house, always in a sharp contrast to the key from sappi nev-age music that gives this gray excuse for the documentary. There is also a small thing about the translation - Ms. Levi DIRECTLY speaks a camera in English when there is something she planned to say in advance, Hebrew, when she does not. Ms. Ahras spoke only Arabic, which sometimes got translated, sometimes translated, always awkward, and very suspicious for an allegedly objective movie. editing for the segments of Mrs. Akhras. I gave him 2 because I loved Ajata's mother and father, who looked like good people. It's a shame for HBO, producers and directors to release such a stink bomb.
