When I first appeared in Happi Birthdai, I checked the timer to see how long the movie was. I was stunned by the length. Both animated and horror films share a common language: the range of attention of the selected audience and this should be about 90 minutes. You will lose most of the audience more and more. These 110 minutes, or 20 minutes after its duration, was a big problem for me. I would say that half of this film could have been changed, but I would be too generous to say it. Watch him and tell me how much the scene could have been arranged, even without a filmmaker. Regardless of an exaggerated visit, the film was below average. He spent all his time trying to be this huge mystery on which the "elite 10" kills the remaining friends. In most cases, they not only exaggerate, but also zoom in on their faces and say fairly: "That's the guy! No! You'll spend more time with a camera that gets you misled than enjoying the movie. And do not start acting. Okay, it started me. In the beginning, I had to laugh at trying to remember whether Melissa Sue Anderson was playing the character who had blinded Little House to Prairie (later the research showed my suspicions were correct) because Throughout this film, this film was honestly blind. Strange, as an established actress, it was supposed to be the best in the group, but it turned out to be the worst. The rest of the staff, except Anne (Bregman), was pretty bad, but she, uh, took a cake. The film starts with a group of ten friends, and one he is suddenly murdered outside. Barely anyone is thinking about the disappearance of this "dear" friend, and they continue their happy journey. Slowly, then faster, there are discoveries about Virginia (Anderson), the main character, the past and her psychologist, who is a bit more personal (and apparently 24/7) than most psychiatrists. All this time, more and more deaths. What is ridiculous is, like the first "disappearance", the more "best buds" disappears, the less rest is concerned. Of course, they give a few seconds of time to say, "Wow, (that person) would simply not run away," etc., but then they returned to their sexual ways. Speaking about it, this is probably due to a horrible scenario, or maybe I lost interest in 30 minutes, but it was really hard to follow who loved someone in the group because they all looked like sexual partners. next or one of them will be scared of MAKS by another and best friend in the next scene. SEE: the creepy guy who held the mouse / rat in his pocket? literally ?? and was the most obvious suspect. I gave the movie too much credit (and time) but as it became part of the "elite 10" I will never know. But, I resign, there is a mystery. Why are these children target? Why did Virginia think she killed someone, when she was never proven ('to the end') that some of them were actually slaughtered? And why would the trailer and the poster claim that these murders are "The Six Most Fatal Murders You Will Ever See"? Even for 1981, most of them are shown in any of the first two fives of the 13th film? Eventually enough, Friday the 13th part was issued 2 weeks to the day of a happy birthday to me. Perhaps they are talking about when they were filmed a few months ago, but they were late for a party. When the "secrets" are discovered, believe me, you will have to rewind 3. -4k to actually get ridiculous and incoherent motives, and even then, put the subtitles to get all the words that murmur the victim / killer . Even if you get the first time, it's incredibly incredible and funny finale. It's almost worth a look at the entire movie, but as a drink game. This birthday gathering should be avoided. Is this a horrible and illogical first draft? please, please know that more copying is required before the role of the camera, it contains either under the action or extreme over the act and 100% is unrealistic about how people react in extraordinary circumstances. Side: When I was a kid, or say 10-11 years old, I liked horror movies. (Still, weird, definitely a pleasure, but it's getting harder and harder to see how years pass.) We got our first VCR, and I recorded how many horror movies online (or, EDITED VERSIONS) TV. Everything I remember Happy Birthday is for me to record the last 10 minutes on the tape, which scared me to death? and apparently gave a big mystery about who the killer is. Although I have seen other footage of this film, I think this is the first full-length viewing. Luckily, this terrible film did not hurt me as a child. Now I'm older and I can take this rubbish. But never again. Side Remark 2: It said that the crazy song "Happy Birthday Me" played at the end of the loan (and as a result in the whole story) still crazy. I suppose this film (or the last few minutes) had an impact on my childhood. Shame on you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
