Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are familiar with the worlds of its inhabitants from 1901, America, these three acts are open to us with the help of "Stage Manager", a visual narrator, if you like. After the first introduction, we entered the homes of two families; Webb and Gibb. This is definitely Mid America at the turn of the century, and the progressive way of life of the American dream and its saccharin shades that may look a bit biased in that dream City. Here we see the daily lives of some 2642 inhabitants of Grover's Corners, Nev Hampshire, even if there are Polish migrant workers who add another 500, these are numbers, they never get insight. > Once the daily life of these families is introduced; cooking women, working at home, working with fathers, children in love, and clean fences painted white, the second act began three years later, after young George (young and unrecognizable Villiam Holden, aged 22) and Emily fell in love they intend to marry. The flowering of the pigeons that reach the stars and reach, also, the turning point in their lives, from the nests that they lived and now, in the anxieties and sorrows of the young adult age, were nervously walking. The third act is a bit sour and imagination, in that act becomes obvious film intentions, here we see life, not celebration, but death, and it is precisely in this trouble that they are dead, as they return to return and reconcile their own past life is there to us remind us to tell us that life, and every last moment, every precious breath does not get lost and collapses. In this last third, movies also have more obvious political attitudes, feeling more like propaganda in moral teachings about Central America, and how they should direct their home and how to regulate it. It is not just about "Our" city, it is a moral dictation directed at "Our" souls and how America can be improved if its peoples "(excluding Poles, Irish, Indians and liberated ethnic minorities) and minorities as a whole, as well as the supportive backbone of Americans who have not yet had a fair share in this story, such as the middle class, can meet the expectations of the American dream of a decent and decent life. Suppliers of the American dream only with a special call. I was entertained by this movie, but I felt that his narration had a stronger impact than anything else that was involved in her brilliant acting, music or how well, or not, was made. It was the intention of the films to exclude other groups and to include only similar Webbes and Gibbs, in the future of the developing country of the United States, a good movie, but also a bit biased in my view, I thought. Taken from the play of American born Thornton Wilder (1897-1975), this Pulitzer Prize game, and six Oscar nominations, was a focal point in the constant movement of life and its three main films. attributes; Life, love and death, the translation of the show on the celluloid comes as a mild to true advertising of social consciousness. Our city begins with what looks like a lesson of senselessness, like other cities, nothing exciting is never happening here, if at all, this city has only "the right kind of people," you can still leave your door unlocked here. We see the development of these two families, but their moral and social attitudes are more important than themselves. Our City may have been "Any City" as long as you came from the right part of the city.
