I was attracted to this film, curious to see how they adjusted the brutal novel by Hubert Shelby. I thought that a literary piece of such depth, with rich tapestry of characters, terrible situations and social criticism, can not translate into a bad movie. I was wrong. This film is a horrible film experience, not because of its content, but because of its form. Director Ulrich Edel executes, in my honest opinion, a horrible editorial job that does not justify the original book. No wonder Edel TV is a director; this film looks and feels like a bad movie "made for TV". Some of my views on this bomb (** spoilers forward **): - The lack of creative creativity. The scenes are slow, they feel slow, look bad, and barely move from an anchored position. The only freedom they occupy is in the field of cinema, with a fine dark tone. In addition, the film has the same technical creativity as a TV soap opera. - All actors do a great job in portraying these miserable characters. The problem is that the adaptation does not deal with the basic element in the creation of the action: MOTIVATION. All these characters move like robots, without a clear motivation for their action. It looks like they're doing things in black, like robots, for no reason. Edel misses every opportunity to enrich the character's development by not exploring the character's motivation, and avoiding developing the personality of each character in the full extent. This lack of character development is apparent on Tralala. Jennifer Jason Late is doing a great job playing this funny prostitute, but it's not explained her alcohol-induced decision to allow sailors to violate her. It looks very stupid, because we see this guy doing it out of nowhere. This is a clear example of bad character development. The film also has many secondary characters that do nothing, do not feel anything and do not add anything to the plot. I would, for example, like to learn more about Harry's wife and the interaction between them. This is another missed opportunity. Edel only approaches character development with Harry and his attachment to a gay lover, just to fuck him in the end, not clearly explaining - again - his motivation. The robbers are also joking about their lack of development. - Soundtrack is one of the worst I've ever experienced. Mark Knopfler's awesome job. I seriously expected more than the former director of Dire Straits, but his work in this film is seriously missing. Sometimes, as in the struggle between trade unionists and the police, music seems to be completely separate from the film. It also feels completely poor and anachronous; I could swear that the whole soundtrack was made with the Casio gaming keyboard. This draws attention from the actual action. - The adaptation of the book by Desmond Callan is so literal that it removes the meaning of the story. It seems as though they were trying so hard to keep the story of action-by-action in the book, they forgot to actually develop characters and, once again, explain their actions and motivations. I Seriously. I can not recommend this movie, even to the Shelby fan, because it can destroy the original book. It is a very unequivocal effort to adapt the novel and shows very little creative contribution.
