"Fever Pitch" is not a bad movie; It's a horrible movie. Is it possible that American film audiences and critics are so alienated and lobotomized by the excrement that Hollywood churns out that it will boast the sky even the central movie with scarcely any laughter? This is the only reason I can imagine why this horrible romantic comedy (and I use that term freely because it's not funny in this movie) gets good reviews. I sat through this film amazed that scriptwriters Lovell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel would even think for a moment that their script was ridiculous. Great Nick Hornby is usually well translated on film. He adjusted the "Fever Pitch" for the British film with Colin Firth and Ruth Gemmell in 1997; Peter Hedges found Hornby's voice about "About a Boi" (2002) and when "High Fidelity" was Americanized for the film in 2000, writers D.V. DeVincentis, Steve Pink, John Cusack and Scott Rosenberg did not make a mistake because they kept the essence of Hornby's humor and humor. They made one of the best movies that year. So why does the American version of "Fever Pitch" so painfully go wrong? The British version was not a masterpiece, but it was charming, funny, unexpected and gave us two characters that we might like, respected and understood. But Ganz and Mandel have excluded everything ridiculously in Hornby's work. In the Americanization of the story, they exploited him, removing everything that was good and unique in Hornby's work and replacing it with conventional balls. They turned the funny story into a romantic comedy formula, never once when it is moving away from the poor formula. Lindsey (Drew Barrimore) has three girls, each of whom has a special function. One is too heavy, the other is cynical and ambitious, and the third is romantic. Do you want to guess how many male friends Ben (Jimmy Fallon) have? What "High Fidelity" made such a party was not only a good leader and lady, but also the engagement of auxiliary characters. In this "Fever Pitch", six friends who support or say nothing really funny. They are so insignificant, they are not even decorative. The only reason they are in the movie is what the formula requires. Poor poor Skie ends up as a friend of Lindsey in an ungrateful role. Divna Skie must have wanted Lloyd Dobler to fall and take her. When I think about it, Cusack would be great Ben. Of course, Cusack is too smart to stick to such an extremely tedious script. In this film there is no single, lonely moment that looks original or not forcible. Every turn is predictable, every poor joke is telegraphed. Ganz and Mandel work for laughter. The first 45 minutes are so badly slow, wondering if these guys realized they were writing a comedy. In this movie, you can mark a rounded action. Almost as if Ganz and Mandel had written this with some guru's write-outs on the wall. When they reached a page, they looked at the formula and said, "OK, the guru says that must happen now." And, throne! The directors Bobbi and Peter Farrell do not help the movie. They have no idea how to get to know their story and characters (they give the story of VO to the protagonist, but to the other guy who sits behind Ben in Fenway Park). Thanks to the extremely clumsy writing, we have to watch Barrimore and Fallon slip through their optional initial meetings. Barrimore is cute and beautifully better than most. She's good at being like Goldie Havn at its peak. But even her beauty can not save this incredibly horrible movie. She tries to extract the energy and humor from this story. About 30 minutes in the movie, Lindsey tells Ben: "You're funny." The only explanation for her remark was that it was in the script. For Fallon Ben never says anything ridiculous. Fallon is not witty or ridiculous; when he does comedy, he exaggerates. Fallon has never been good at "Saturdai Night Live". He was probably the least funny person in that show. You remember those scratchy sketches about the radio DJ that's all the voices? The only reason that "Veekend Update" worked occasionally was that Fallon's group, Tina Fei, knew something about comedy. Actors who think they are ridiculous and behaving so rarely, if ever, are really funny. That's true for Fallon. He thinks he's hysterically ridiculous when he barely raises his laugh. His stuttering, uncertain, did not work on a small screen; Unfortunately for Fallon, his role in this painting requires several dramatic moments. If you thought his comedy was bad, wait for him to get a lot of his dramatic things. Two scenes in particular - the first in the park, the other in front of Ben's school - they are painful to watch. Scenes require an actor with dramatic abilities, but Fallon has no knowledge or ability to make them work. His range of emotions does not even trigger a scale from A to B. Ben has no personality or depth. He often finds himself stupid. And it's not wonderful. This is astonishing the mind of what Lindsei would attract him. Compare Fallon's performance with Firth in the British version, and you will realize how terribly flat, unharmed and forced Fallon Ben and how wrong he is for that role. Watching Fallon in "Fever Pitch" makes one debt for the dramatic depth and comic shade of Ashton Kutcher! Just like "High Fidelity" did, the American-made "Fever Pitch" could work brilliantly. They only needed better writers, more competent directors and, definitely, a stronger, more ridiculous, smarter leading man. Do yourself a great service: Avoid this broken movie; rent a British version from 1997 and read Hornbie's book, instead.
