There is an interesting discussion in this film. Is being a moral person good enough or need more? The film preaches that without God's guidance it's not enough to be a morally good person. There is an early line of the film: "You and I can look at a person who is morally good, but both know they will go to hell." Until I was a Christian, the discussions about it during the film were fascinating, but not in the way the film was intended. I left the film with a stronger feeling that it is morally good * enough. The arguments and discussions presented were very biased, so much that they broke the weight of their own ignorance. Fanaticism can be a powerful thing, especially when it is stated in the minds of the ignorant and the uneducated. As George Carlin said in Dogma: "Fasten them while they are young." The basic premise is also very interesting. A Bible scholar from the 1890s tries to publish a book in which he writes that morality is without God in order, as long as it is a moral sense. Do you just tell your child not to steal? Or do you tell him not to steal because God tells you not to do that? (not trying to make the child say that he does not steal because, well, how would he feel his marbles were stolen?) The author, Karlisle, wants his school's recommendation to help with the sale books (spreading the world). However, this requires unanimous consent, and one of the scientists opposes it. He presented, in a very interesting discussion, early in the film about morality, he also had to argue the Word of God. To prove his point, he produces a time machine (he puts it in a movie to work on the plot, which is good for me), and sends Carlisle until 2002 to see where morality without God will be taught. /> As it should be obvious, he has his own opinion, and he changes according to what he sees, and he turns back to the time of his return (because he returns, it's not really a spoiler, this is a bible movie though) . As for film as a film itself, it's pretty slow and pretty bad. Something that was not necessary in this movie is to produce two "bad guys" who want to try to understand who Carlisle is, even if he did not hurt, committed a crime, or anything else. What's wrong with a movie that only shows Carlisle's opinion, showing his view of this "sinful world", and returning it with a new look? Also, there are several points in the film that confirm that I'm happy I'm not a Christian, or at least someone who says "It's God or Nothing." Three close to the end of the film were disturbing me ... first, when two "bad guys" on the corner of Carlisle before he jumps, Carlisle does his own * only a genuine contemptuous act ... he lies as his jump in time is the coming of Jesus, and makes it so "bad guys" (who are also Christians, and it's weird) think they simply missed the excitement. Secondly, after Carlisle returns, he finds a boy in which at the beginning of the film he insists that he does not steal (but not mentioning God, the kid kept marbles and escaped), and tells him this time when theft is wrong because God orders. As quoted from Carlin above, the fear of children by religion is a fauk-dog in my book. And finally, epilogue. Another scary tactic. Carlisle asks the inventor how far he can go in the future, and he says he does not know ... the epilogue shows him trying to scribble the Bible in the distant future (starts in 2100), and he fails ... he is constantly falling. For years to 10, and trying again, and after disappearing, he's like 2030 or so. Through the film, Carlise mentions that he felt the end of the coming world, because the world was full of sin and the loss of the name of God. Enlightened times, the church would also be enlightened. <br /> <br /> I'm glad to see this movie. While I was pretty sure that moral good was enough, now I know. Worth watching if you are not a Christian, to confirm how happy you are that you are not as ignorant as the people in this movie.
