I picked up Time Changer because it looked like a nice hunting-budget scifi movie for time travel and I was in a mood for something like that. The description is said to have something to do with some biblical things and travel through time, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian film! The film had a decent special effect and an interesting premise that could have been set up and was much more interesting than it was completed. Our hero, who is a professor of the Bible from the 1890s, eventually travels up to the 2000's and finds that modern life is full of the effects of evil-Jesus is gone nowhere. This wonderful technological accomplishment was achieved with the help of a Bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional HG-Vells-time machine. The film begins to lose credibility at this time, which is unfortunate because it happens very early in the film. Earlier (or perhaps later, it can not be safely remembered), our hero professor was seen learning what seemed to be a science class where he claimed that scientific findings could only be validated if he could align with what the Bible says. What should be obvious to everyone is that it is obviously not what it is in the scientific method, but it is presented so that the authors of the film prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and is otherwise not useful. In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and reasonable in the context of the character at the time. So, if we accept that it is a fact of life for these biblical professors, then it is obvious that the professor who went and invented a time machine is not a very strong believer because I do not think there is any evidence (and none is offered) for the physics of traveling through time in the Bible. So right away there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility there, but it does not matter ... After the professor is persuaded to take the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology has been well processed in most cases. It was also fun to not attach it to the exact year (as the character reads the date from the newspaper for himself, the car trumpets a horn and it scares him to end the date: it's only two thousand ... * honk *). However, a part of the shock continued for too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and about two days later he was invited to a church movie night and drove a van. He pushed his head out of the window like a dog, scared by the front headlights and starting engine, etc. It seemed that it was a bit because he was there for a few days until that moment and the city looked pretty busy. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technological shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the TV that was late because he did not even know what until he saw the child looking at one and using the remote. Unfortunately, our hero predictably begins to preach practically to anyone whom he meets as being the authority for all life and religion just because he is from the past and older. In the end, he received a brief moment in the center of attention of the church he visited, where he explained to them his concept of Christianity in a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and discerning, but mostly was more the same. Several husbands in the church begin to get a funny feeling about this guy (go to the picture) and explore his name. In the end they concluded that he was a traveler of time or to imitate this long-time professor of the Bible and decided to find out what it is. The film turns these guys as disbelievers of bad guys because they are skeptical. Immediately before the professor returns to his time, he faces these two men. In an effort to avoid arrest or extradition, he ultimately enters almost crazy-like how Jesus came soon and that he is the prophet to be listened to. Right on time, he was dragged down and one of the husbands wondered if that might be the excitement he had heard so much about. The irony is that in essence means that the professor has become self-proclaimed (and most likely a false prophet who claims to know that the excitement is close and that God sent him when his Bible teacher truthfully sent him and that He did not have any theological knowledge (what was said or even hinted). As I understand it, Revelation claims that the end time is only God knows and at the end of the film we see a professor of inventor who is trying (and failing) to send the Bible to the future. The first 2080, then 2070, etc. How the scene disappears In essence, the entire premise of the film is canceled because it insists on its religious beliefs and how certain things are for God to know only, that means that it has never been WITHOUT the weather machine , because then humankind could find out something that God only needs to know! The whole premise of the film collapses and makes the whole thing basically worthless, because in the end it undermines its own credibility.
