Before I explain the "Alias" comment, let me say that "The Desert Trail" is bad even by the standards of Western ones that watch The Three Stooges. In fact, she represents Carmen Larouk as a half-poor Juanita girl, when you hear her Mexican accent, you will immediately recognize her as Senorita Rita from the classic Stooga short film "Saved bi the Belle". In the "Desert Trail" John Wayne gets the role of Moore Howard, and Eddie Chandler plays Curly Howard. Like their Stooge counterparts, running a gaga during a 53-minute movie Moe hits Curlia. Wayne's character, the skirt that drives the bullies, is not very dear, but he should be a good guy. Playing the traveling rodeo cowboy Vejna holds a rodeo cash desk at the target and takes the prize money to win that the revenue was good - the other drivers must be satisfied for 25 cents per dollar (actually even less after Vaine take away cash registers). No explanation has been given for Vaine's discovery of the riders and is still regarded as the hero who gets a girlfriend. Things are complicated at this moment because he is a bad guy (Al Ferguson) and his assistant Larry Fine (played by Paul Fick - who would continue playing Mike Sharif on The Rifleman). in cash, and then stolen the rest of the money and killed the rodeo managers. Moe and Curley are blaming themselves. So Moe and Curley moved to another city to get away from the law and change their name to Smith and Jones. Who they meet first, but their old friend Larry, whose sister becomes the love interest of the other half (Senorita Rita stays behind her is the old city and no longer appears in the movie). Larry's sister was beautifully actress by the beautiful Marie Kornman (now grown up, but in the younger days she was one of the original actors of Hal Roach's "Our Gang" short films). Kornman is the main reason for watching the mega-lame of the west and her scenes with Moe and Curley are much better than anyone else in production, as if they used a completely different team to record them. Even for the 1935 action sequences in this thing are extremely weak and technical filming is amazingly amazing. The two main scene scenes end with footage recorded by drivers falling from the horse. In both cases, the editor cuts the image of one of the characters rolling in the ground, but there are no horses in the frame, the stock of the movie is completely different, and the character has different clothes from the stuntman. In other places there is a liberal use of shares, none of which is even convincing. One thing to watch is the scene halfway in a movie where Moe and Curley arrive on horses and go (on the screen right) from the cabin while running a galloping towards the cabin to the left. Kamerman follows two marionettes with a slowed tram to the right, and then a real whip to the left to uncover an approaching pursuit. Outside of home movies, I've never seen anything similar, not because it looks stupid (what's it), but because the competent director would never make the scene this way. They would shoot two drivers who left, then move the camera and record an approach approaching as a separate action. Or, if they felt creative, they would set a sequence so that the camera shows the drivers in the foreground and the chase appears in the background. Then, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
