When Marlene Dietrich was labeled as a poison for treasures in 1938, one of the handfuls of actresses so-called craft papers, these were films like Allah's Garden. How the movie can be so amazingly beautiful to watch and be so rude is boring is beyond me. Also, as Marlene, if she was trying to expand her reach and not play sex, stuck with such an old-fashioned story, it's beyond me. Allah's Garden, one of the first films in modern technology was the novel that Robert Hitchens set up at the turn of the last century, who then collaborated on the adaptation of the play with Marie Anderson, which lasted 241 plays in 1911-12. Then he got two silent screen adaptations. The story is about a monk fleeing from a monastery in French Tunisia to see something from what he missed in the world. He encountered a similarly protected woman who was unmarried and spent her first years of caring for a sick parent. Now he travels to the desert and the two meet in the train. The woman is, of course, Marlene and escaped the monk Charles Boier. I'm not sure what was in the head of David Selznicka in the recording of this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman might have made him delicious for the audience. But you can bet that the movie audience in 1936, when she made the money for the ticket, expected to see Marlene as a modern Salome, not as a saint with that title. The public still remembered Rudolf Valentine and you can bet that they were expecting some desert romance and seduction. As for the monk, you have to remember that they themselves supported in their monasteries and especially one bottle of special wine from which Boier is the one who has a secret. The monastery will have to consider the economy if Boier leaves. The monks are a sincere pious group, but from the main man Charles Valdrona down they have the right to be a little concerned about some of their own interests. a pair of lines that are not really suitable for parts. Especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this movie with eye for a special cinema of desert colors and forget the plot.
