Really, I really wanted to love Julian Poe. I think Slater is underrated as an actor, and that many supporters here are better than being given the opportunity to demonstrate in this film. I understand that this is based on a short story that I have not read. So, I do not know if what I see as a defect of a film originated from the story, or imposed on him by the director / screenwriter. The premise is wonderful, and I loved the voice, the confessional tone, the introductory narration. But then ...? Nothing! Several clips of local characters ask Juliana to explain her intention to commit suicide. It could be argued that he does not respond, because it does not concern their business. But Julian is the one who just put out his intentions in public at little pressure. Then neither Julian nor the filmmaker / writer, despite the fact that Julian likes the tapes of a recorded diary for God's sake, seems to be inclined to provide anything but the scant initial information about Julian's life. He says he was a bookkeeper. He says his family moved when he was a child because of his father's job. So what? There are several interactions with local people that seem designed to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them go anywhere, because Julian seems to be all these crazy locals as if they were aliens from the other planet, as if he was the ultimate (and only) reasonable one of them. This could function as an allegory, if Julian Po had some characteristic features or anything that would get closer to him. The closest thing that reveals anything about itself is in a scene in which deliberately humiliates the naïve, religious wife of mechanics. And what this scene reveals is nothing to inspire empathy towards Julian. I can only see the Julian character - as it is brought - as selfish, small and totally unpredictable. Somehow fits the attitude of the director of this semi-fabricated, fictitious film. And the poor Michael Parks, an actor who once had so many promises, did not get anything to do.
