After watching the movie, I was really shocked to see such a high score on the IMDb. 'Fantastic Mr. Fox' is an adaptation of a beloved children's classic, showing the story of a smooth, smooth protagonist g. Fok (or 'Foki') while trying to 'last' robbery to steal from the terrible Boggins, Bunce and Bean. So, one short, one fat, one skinny or whatever goes. I do not know where to begin with my criticism. Well, I'm mature in late teens and I've never been a fan of Roald Dahl but I really liked his material, I read several of his books as a child and I watched Matilda and Charlie and Fabric several times chocolate. This film, however, is struggling for the audience. Is it directed at children? Adults? I'm not sure yet! Many "jokes" would give birth to a child, especially as Mr. Fox visited a lawyer, for example, or complained that he was poor. Also, from the audience (I suppose) children are expected to sympathize with the figure who steals and kills chickens. I am a food chain, but you practically see g. Foka biting her necks! Surely that's a bit? And also, the plot ... well, it's sort of boring. I only remained with the hope that it would be better for me, but instead I was more and more angry at Mr. Fox and his son Ash for making stupid decisions. Humor, meanwhile, is falling. I laughed only once or twice, although I especially recognized the jokes. I think that part of it is that the acting is so incredibly straight and monotonous. Voice actors do not make sense to comically determine the time, instead of aiming at the subtlety of humor that only works with certain media. George Cloonei aims to show Mr. Foka as charming and elegant, but his voice has no character. Meril Streep does not show emotions, I did not even know that Bill Murray had a role to play until the end of the loan, and Ash, twelve years old in foxes, sounds like it's about 30. I love animation, especially stop motion , but the visual style has really fooled me a bit. The characters are tall, thin and without any heat of design. They move with very little fluids and often animation is jerky and weird. There is also a distinct sense of 'mixed media', since 2D components are added sporadically and unsuccessfully. The characters look right in the camera and talk; It was very inconvenient. It was one or two moments when Kley looked straight into the camera, she did not move and she had vortex in her eyes. Actually it delighted me. Fantastic Mr. Fox had so much potential. Many people still like it - see reviews. Maybe it's not for me.
