Do you know all the letters "Christmas Christmas" and "Jesus" that are sent each year? Well, it turned out that they were not actually delivered, but they dropped out in a semi-forgotten corner of the mail to rotate if some bright spark did not disclose the way to send them. As the bizarre moves are moving, it's a winner and one that fits perfectly with the strange movie that is Dead Letter Office. This is obviously an Australian film, unlike the British. If it was Roial Mail, most letters already receive this treatment. I have not been in this apartment for two years and we still receive letters for Mr. Wang, a female church priest from the Church on the last day I've never heard of and with various catalogs for industrial equipment. Plumbing company. The "Dead letter office" (name given to the place where the shipment is not delivered) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) who grows up in a seriously divided home. Writing to her absent father, she only teaches in adulthood that her letters are not delivered for some reason. So, logically, he gets a job in D.L.O. It is found to work alongside other social rejection, including the imagined Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoio). Slowly, she is attracted to him, but can she find out where her father is, without bringing the self-reliant world of the Office of Dead Letters to her knees? Nothing against this movie, but I recalled the film "Convicted" by Heather Graham while he was watching this. However, this is much better than that bunch of horse shit, but again, it's not difficult. To begin with, this film is much more logical. True, metaphors are somewhat obvious, and symbolism that overflows rapidly becomes flood. But this is at least cohesive and unusual, without complete confusion. He also reacted well. Both Otto and Del Hoio are very good as lovers looking for something they know they will never find while other characters are at best peripheral. Part of the problem is that it seems to be taking place too fast, leaving the viewer a little disappointed. The second part is that when you consider the Australian draconian immigration policy (ie, if you do not speak English, cancel it), such a story is unlikely to happen in reality. Other characters, unfortunately, also help to destabilize realism by proving that they are a bit more than an unusual stereotype. In spite of this, the "Dead letter office" is certainly somewhat different. Maybe it's not everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was exhausted and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without a weapon or violence or cruel cursing and nudity (there is no chance for that in an Australian movie). No more laughter, no Bullet Time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But this is the story that counts here and until it is scattered in its magnificence, it's a pleasant way to pass the time. It's the movie equivalent of the Sheril Crow CD - it's good to listen now and again, but you would not really miss it if it was not there.
