Cassavetes was obviously an intelligent, sensitive man with bold new ideas about filming films. He wanted to be the author, to get rid of the boundaries of the system and to bring a new realism to the American film. I'm applauding him for that. Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not applaud Women under influence. Kasavet took what could have been a fascinating topic (crazy woman) and somehow managed to make a boring movie, filled with long, forbidden commercials and staged scenes. He seems to have had a gift to capture the most interesting moments of a person's life on the movie, and it often seems that he simply turned the camera on his family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Kasavets caught something terrible REAL - or even the core of something so real that it touched the heart in a way that a conventional film could not. Still, I consider that performances, especially Rovlands, are artificial. I never believed for a moment that she was really crazy. I met people who were really mentally disturbed, but I never saw that some of them act like Gene Rovlands in Women under influence. She played like a very disgusting, unspoken woman who drinks a lot, and even it was confusing because we only drink (at the beginning), but she is drinking for the rest of the film. There are some moments in which she enters something real, but these moments are a bit and far between; fails to maintain an impeccable mental disorder. Again, I applaud her efforts, but the effort alone is not sufficient to make the effect true. The press audience that appears on this movie and sees its high IMDb rating will undoubtedly be forced to love it highly, just to prove they are "getting it." But you should not wash your brains yourself. You do not have to pretend you like it. Like Voody Allen, John Cassavetes could be charged with solipsism in his movie creation, he seems to find his own psyche and his own life experiences so infinitely fascinating. that he could not imagine that they seemed to others seemingly and hardly complacent. However, Voody Allen at least showed a fan present for the audience - he knows that the attractive structure of the story and a good dose of humor are important for each film. Had Cassavetes used some self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors!), The woman under influence could have a chance. But what is the meaning of making a 'realistic' film, if the only people who can stand next to her, art devotees and students of films who love Kasaveta as some kind of anti-established deity? Without any refusal, I believe that Cassavetes could make A Voman more accessible by keeping pace with real complication instead of presenting a series of 30-minute scenes of advertising arguments. If you're just making movies for yourself and a few of your fans, you're just getting to the already converted movies. Watch this movie with your own eye set and make decisions about it. If you are really touched and fascinated by it, it's good for you.
