From the actor and independent writer / director John Cassavettes, the Woman under the influence of the viewer gives a view of the family of the working class with the problem of mental instability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk), is a blue collar that has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rovlands) the amount of attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very strange and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazi. Bonkers. From her damn mind. Nick is trying to hide from his associates, and after having a special event at dinner, he asks whether it will be good, as if trying to deny Mabel's disease. Her problem is just spirals. I found some special problems with this movie. I suppose these problems were mostly present in the story, and the way some characters worked to the end. Mabel is committed because, frankly, she is crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband entertains a party to welcome her back. He never acts stupid at the beginning of the film. Why would I invite all these people, some of them aliens to Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiotic. Later, after Mabel came to the house, Mabel's father had a huge fall on Nick, screaming to the top of his lungs that he did not want to eat spaghetti. His daughter just returned from a six-month rehabilitation, and what you want to do is to calm her down, and he crawls over the spaghetti? A few minutes later in the film, Nick brings Mabel up the stairs and forces her to do things she did when she was mentally unstable; make her strange sounds and movements. Did not he send her there to make her better, not to do those things? There were various other parts that happened after that, but it would be superfluous to look at them in more detail. I suppose I had a serious problem with Kasavets's decision that his characters act in this way. It simply did not make sense. However, although I had problems with the ending of the movie, there was one aspect that really redeemed it; acting. Gene Rovlands acted with an incredible crazy woman. There were moments when I forgot to act, where I got so absorbed in her wild gestures and a crazy conversation that I actually frightened her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was impressed with the rest of the Mabel family. Peter Falk was playing a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy, because he treated her unpleasantly with his children, his work, and especially the situation with his wife. I also do not usually appreciate the children's actors. But the young people who played the children Nick and Mabel in this movie were phenomenal. She really felt like Mabel's children, because she seemed so attached to her and were so interesting to help her in her problem. I think that their performances are one of the things that kept this film together, and without them, the film would make it less realistic and less intense. The story was confused and unclear, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only saving grace was the brilliant acting role of the Longhetti family. Their real dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together, and are probably the only reason the film has ever done anything.
