In a woman under the influence of Mabel goes mad, but I see why she is crazy. If I had lived the way I lived with the family I had, I would have gone mad. Everyone in her family is absent from her rocker, and not entirely. She is constantly surrounded by people who shout at her and tell her what's best for herself and people who are not the strongest knife in the drawer. Begin with one person who is closest to her life, her husband, Nick, is a little out of his rocker. She always shouts at her when she is home and tells her how to live her life and stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of her time works on her job and is not there to provide support when she needs support. One person in her life, who should always be there for her, is never there, and if so, he only seems to feel worse. She relies on him for support and always goes first to him when she feels she behaves badly and does not do anything to support her. When she came home from the hospital, she only told her how to behave, instead of comforting her, she just yelled at her and told her what to do. Other major persons in her life are her parents. Her parents are not doing anything in her life for her. Mabel basically guides their lives because they are afraid to oppose her and rise up for her. In the end, she even asks her father to get up for her, but he does not understand it, and when he understands it, he still does nothing. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or prevent her from crying because they do nothing for her period. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is determined to make Mabel commit. She does not want NIK to do this, so she called the doctor. It seems as if everyone is against Mabel and they think that she has done a good idea, because then they will no longer have to deal with her. Everyone wants to live their lives and do nothing for Mabel except to shout at her and make her feel like she is doing something wrong when she really is not. That's why she went crazy and why she had to be done, it was the whole fault of her family.
