It should have been titled "Balderdash!" There is little in the film of truth, except the name of the island and the fact that submarines were involved. A little bit more than training a bad-looking movie on cameras, blurry shots, and perhaps a low point of the Japanese 'Japanese' stereotype with a funny Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese pilots hunters and one-dimensional Americans with square jaws that die left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when war fever is on you. Action and dialogue remind me of playing pistols during the summer afternoon in my childhood, looking through my neighbor's hedgehog to get a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the attack on the island of Makin was an almost complete failure with Carlson and his people who wandered in the dark by exchanging shots with shadows until finally, thirsty and completely disoriented, asking someone to surrender, before they happened to some equally confused Japanese. soldiers who immediately surrendered to them! In the withdrawal of several Karlson Marines, she ended up on another island and was abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell the story, not in 1943, so this capricious piece was invented and hurried to free himself from hitting drums. With Randolph Scott and his fork, as Colonel Thorvald (Carlson), who led the unit, it consisted almost entirely of caricature, a green recruiter (Harri Landon, Robert Mitchum), a prolonged veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene ), Rod Cameron, All-American Boy (Alan Curtis), and many mocking (when they did not laugh) 'Japanese'. Still, the actors are almost beyond material. Almost. The narrow range of Randolph Scott is well adapted to his role as a sincere commander and is supported by a solid group of professionals who are doing their best with a thin slice. But, in the end, the winner is a single-note object. Any conversion is completely abandoned when Randi Scott simply turns directly into the camera and launches an exciting (well-thrilled) call for hands. The actors were better than this material. Like the audience. It should be looked at with Reefer Madness and Merlot's bottle at a reasonable price.
