After reading the reviews, it became obvious that everyone intellectualized this work. How completely boring. Oh, what do you think of the good days and there was nothing like that. Of all the comments, nobody expressed any emotion to this business or to anyone else. I grew up right after the end of the Vintage era, and this film gem together with Dan'l Boone was honored Saturday afternoon matinee. This was an annual movie that went around and filled the seats of gabbing, iapping, farting, giggling, snot monsters like myself or myself. And that was the movie file at the time. Almost as big as the Wizard of Oz. IMDb insists that any criticism contains something about the plot. The problem is that it was more a template. Here goes. Randolph Scott (cowboy / hero) gathers friends and goes to win those evil people. Clock! All of us, children, we understood that plot before we lowered our quarter to watch it. It was just the action of every Scott, John Vaine, Roi Rogers movie ever shot. If you take the time to come back and watch each movie - just do not look for surprises. Must remember the context of the time. There was no TV. Nothing for the kids. It was a school. It was wonderful outside. There were toy guns. There is no Ciber time. And the time of the steam just collapsed. But movies like this enabled entertainment and filled the imagination of young cubs. Even girls got into it. This film was a fun. And it's just as insane as today. It had the purpose of being propaganda. But soon they became children's movies. Our fathers have experienced the right thing. And it would not be until Sema Peckinpach's decade later that finally reddened the red spots of imitation of blood into realistic and abundant quantities. No one died so slowly, with great pain and misery. Until the war in Peckinpah and the pistol fights, it was a pretty bloodless affair. Thanks to Sam. To make the video film had little or no blood, adults did not bother. I do not think that would tolerate that. No hose to disperse the plants. So, this film had all the glory and nothing of the bloody. Gung Ho was then suitable for children. You will see that I have awarded this grade four. Why would I do it? Okay. It's a horrible movie. No matter how much I love him. I love this movie because it has returned one of the happiest moments of my childhood. But it's not that good in a movie in terms of quality. Gung Ho moved to become a romantic novel for children. If people are watching it. Of course. I'm not saying get away. However, realistically. The plot is simple. Signs are shallow? They are flocks. You can love a bad movie.
