The DVD became equivalent to the old late-night round for double counts, the last chance to capture old movies on the edge to completely forget as The Border. There were great expectations for that in 1982? a script written by Valon Green, Jack Nicholson, The Vild Bunch in the days when he could still work without traffic lights and great support (Harvey Keitel, Varren Oates, Valerie Perrine), directed by Tony Richardson (although he was pretty good until then сила) ?? but now it does not even appear on TV. The material certainly provides a rich chance to comment on American dreams of capitalism and striking spending from the 1980s, with Nicholson's border guard who closes his eyes against unusual drugs or trafficking in human beings to fund the ruthless materialism of his wife until he discovered it again. his conscience when he finds out that his partners are also in the business of selling a baby. Unfortunately, he never closes his arms, barely even does not close his eyes before his jurisdiction is lifted to the surface. The film always feels diluted, as if too many transcripts and excessive number of committees were castrated and, sadly, the recent edition of the DVD was missed an opportunity to return to the original, nihilistic end where Nicholson crosses the border and extinguishes the border patrol station was cut off after the audience discovered that it was too reckless, but which is still featured in movie trailers. While this was probably not too convincing given that Nicholson's crisis of conscience in the film, it had to be better than a rough reshot climact in which the film leaves logic and even the basic rules of continuity: u one moment he keeps the signs on the nišan, then he is somewhere else and freely trying to kill him, one character goes from a hurt in his house to jump like a gazelle on the coasts of Rio Grande until the character Valerie Perrine gets dumb on an exponential level. Zlikovci from a piece are postponed with absurd ease (and one impressive car styling) in time for an awkwardly arranged happy ending and you begin to wonder if you have somehow completely watched another movie. What makes him even more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and irrelevant that the sudden chandelier in the melodrama is even more difficult. Unfortunately, the beautiful title song Ri Cooder, Across the Borderline, says it's much more economical. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, it's completely wasting the great Varren Oates in nothing. When even he can not leave the impression, you know something is wrong. All in all, it's too easy to remember why I forgot something at that time.
