To review this film, I would doubtless have to quote this unforgettable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Vallace and what she is doing for life. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing worth the pilot was". Vincent asks: "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules enters a very good description of what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way emit shows is to make one show, that broadcast is called" pilot. "Then they show that show to people who make shows, and on the basis of that show , they decide whether to make more shows, some pilots move and become television programs, some become nothing, she acted in one of those who did not become anything. "Now let's stretch out what Jules was talking about, there are billions of television shows / pilots that are never broadcast because they're simple But they are not ... well, good. Probably the most notorious pilot that comes to mind is "V * A * L * T * E * R", spin-off for "M * A * S * H" with Garry "Radar" Burghoff as the leader. Hmmm, would anyone really want to see the Radar in half an hour trying to solve the crimes? So, the show has never been picked up. What many people do not know (or what they thought they know) is that pilots barely appear on the air because they are exclusively dedicated to television networks to decide. Some have made it happen and entered the air (the pilot for the animated series "American Dad" comes to my mind, since the show itself did not start almost four months later, all should be pleased that the pilots never emerge in the air , and this is the reason why. "Black Bart", allegedly linked to comedy Mel Brooks, "Blazing Saddles", stood up and bland a "sitcom" with a little heart and without a soul. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, however, with its racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "which idiot decided he would to make a great TV show for PRIME TIME TV? "I say" I suppose, "because none of the unforgettable characters in the film, except Bart, in this riot of TV shows, Mel Brooks was not involved in the production of the series, and this was the first error in long line (in a related story, I recently found out about an unknown TV pilot for the series based on the movie "Officials" .Win Smith was not involved in .... Do you see what's happening?!?). Set up somewhere at the same time as the film (or at all), the story circles around the only black sheriff in the wild west, he called The matching 'Black' Bart, who was this time played by Oscars Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr., obviously precedes his performance in "real" acting, while Richard Richard is playing in this. Most other characters are carbon (if not really bad) copies of the characters in the film: Jim, The Vaco Kid was replaced by a similar figure named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is fast with a pistol. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, more than a ripoff character that she is a dancer and a German with Marlene Dietrich-accent and personality. Although this is an end to similarities, the "bad guy" in the story is Fern Malaga, starring Noble Villingham, who I thought would be Hedley Lamar if Varner Bros.. secured rights to the name (See trivia for "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curlei ... I do not know, Taggart? The story is a bad excuse for comedy, let alone a pilot. Bart deals with drunken son of the mayor and he is out of control, why the city is turning. Indeed, it is a story that attempts to introduce all the characters into a "series" and does not focus on the diversity and context that would make this a "fine" show. I can not call it a sitcom (and even if I want to), and this is primarily the fact that it was filmed on the backlot in Varner Bros.. Studios, and later added a smiling song, so the show is set almost like "M * A * S * H" (complete with a mild and boring "laugh" that is identical to the series). The acting is so-so, but there's one part that always makes me laugh, and then the actor who plays Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and he's really trying to remember them while he's trying to get some part of the dialogue. HA! The script is quite boring and tries to make racism more humane than it was in the movie (surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" many times through a 22-minute episode, pretty sensitive for that time even for today) and becomes repetitive . If you ever get this invisible piece of sssss ... a little interesting novelty, watch it just because of the feeling of seeing the pilot (This is on the collector's edition "Blazing Saddles", God knows why). There, you get a chance on your own, because many movie-related pilots never broadcast.
