It was difficult to go through this terrible heretic adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. It looks like Matt Frever was thrown because he was tall and thin. His face like a skull was made for a good zombie in the remake of the Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a long, rude walk that's hard to watch, but it looks embarrassing in the stereoscopic Holmes coat it wears. And not only that, but while the coat of gray gray beads, they obviously could not find the appropriate hat. His hat is black and looks great like it's made of polyester. Whatever it was made of the cap, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore these traditional clothes, but Brett did not have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to look like that. Frever on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in full "Holmes" clothes, he does not behave like Sherlock Holmes. Frever's uncompromising face laughs all the time while fighting and throwing in a very bad "Upper-Crust" British accent. It's painful to see and listen. To say that Frever is overworked is underestimating it. After completing each sentence with a kind of nasal forest, he then scoffs as if it were some kind of British character. When I started to watch this, I thought it could be a comedy with a desire for chewing, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was dumped like some kind of foil for Vishbone. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this film except Freud. Vishbone would make this film much better. Not only Freer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stops talking (in this terribly artificial British nasal accent), but he is very friendly and kind. Frever always laughs at the witnesses he talks to, and he is so kind and polite that he can teach in the charm school instead of being Sleuth. Perhaps because this is the production of the Hallmark channel, they are trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (which was also better than Vishbone), which was more polite and gentle. Whatever Freud's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes is, it's pancake milder and the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the previous worst of Charlton Heston). Overall, the tone of this film is horrible. He reminded me of the typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Vrote or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects were excessively behaving suspiciously and stared at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Vatson explain each trail to each other throughout the film. Even on the Murder She has written less exposure. This Sherlock Holmes does not even agree well with Jim Rockford from Rockford, and miles are under Columbus. A terrific dialogue is probably a writer's fault. Obviously, anyone who has ever written this script knows very little Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This film has all the atmosphere of the episodes of Small House in Prairie. The fact that actors seem to smile when they say their lines in their false accents does not help. The only smaller light spot is Ken Valsh who plays Dr. Vatson with a little dignity. Valsh does not stop him from Frever, and when he often interviews witnesses, his behavior and style of conversation are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the actors are amateur, and the visual traces that make viewing and making faces on each other (to show that they are suspicious) is something I have not seen in any modern film.
