I am writing about this film and about "Irreversible" (the famous scene in it). So, you are warned if you have not seen a movie yet. These are just my thoughts, why I think the film fails (in the end, it's about intent). other words). The criminal is good, but loses his "evil" touch in the end. If he really does not change, why would he let his wife bind him? No, the period. Then we have a bartender / 2nd rape Dude. Actually, I do not think you should. At least not for 2nd rape, but more about it later. Let's repeat the story. The character of Rosario is sexually unsafe, maybe even has lesbian tendencies (see the scene with a friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character sees a man, who is a sex predator, in all bad senses. But he leaves an impression on her. Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before. I beg to differ. Because she plays, as if she was her first boyfriend, which also highlights her telephone conversation with her mother. Speaking of her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape, Rosario did not tell anyone what happened. Seing that her relationship with her mother is very close, after that none of them is explored. If Rosario would no longer call his mother or behave strangely, his mother would be worried as crazy. There was so much potential here. Also her friend: We see her at a party, it's obvious that something is happening and the "boom" is gone. First rape is almost unbearable to watch. But you feel like a pinch, when you compare it to the ending (rape), which seems to be hit by a hammer! After rape no. 1 we got too stretched scenes. They do not even open (as her construction work is a sign that she may be a lesbian, as one guy claims to have tried to hit her ...), but left in the open. A real social contact is not established, if you leave the bartender involved in the 2nd and final scene of rape. Obviously, he is not a "good" guy, and his character is a little devastated. But when Rosario again encounters his rapists in class, his presence in the film seems meaningless. We realized that Rosario is no longer the same, that it is "bad" and that it can hurt people. (Too many) Many scenes point to exactly that, her being without emotions just for the sake of drugs and other things. Back to rapist # 1 cheating on the test, caught by Rosario and decide to reunite again (really?). As much as it sounded absurd, the guy met with her, not without having seen him before, with another girl (very likely she even raped her, although we did not see any of that, fortunately) and his football career. Well, the career is stretched and he is maltreated. This is an attempt to characterize a certain depth, and it almost works, but it's still too cliche to stay with you. So the rapist # 1 hands over Rosario's character ... why exactly? Because she promised her that it was her day? Again, really? Such a guy never loses control, especially with the woman he raped before ... I suppose this should show us how stupid it is. The bartender would be like someone who could hit him on the head or something, but to let him do it, he just seems to be wrong. Another possibility would be a drug in his drink. So, the rapist # 1 is removed and gets a tie over his eyes and let him figure out Rosario binds him on the bed .... seriously, it's just crazy! But what follows is even more foolish. He talks to him first, then he "closes" it and forces an object into it. It's hard to watch as number one rape scene. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course, that's what they were trying to do. Now that the "ready" bartender is coming and raping ... rape # 1. If this really meant to function as a revenge movie, it would be better for Rosarioos himself to do all the "revenge". Having an assistant who does the job, takes away everything that has been built. This should not be fun / fun, it's hard to watch and it's Art-house. But the 10-minute (I did not count) the scene of rape in the end, just breaking everything. The character of Rosario is more or less, just looking at what's happening. This brings me to the greatest disappointment. Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had a scene of rape, but the film continued (even if it was in time). Rosario looks at the camera in the end and says something about having to overcome this. First, it's a bit late, it should say it says after the initial rape. And secondly, and most importantly, there was supposed to be a movie from Art House. It's more interesting to see Rosario's character go to another scene of rape and to deal with what he did. But again, she actually did not physically do so much (see above) ... a broken figure that the film interrupts ... Good intentions (Talia and Rosario have worked before) but failing to convey the majority things, they decided to do (even if you see what they thought it must be convincing, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention long-standing rape scenes like ...
