SPOILERS HEREIN My high school did everything that she could try to motivate us for the exams. But the most striking method by which they brought us into the right state of mind was a guest speaker, who was none other than the favorite son of the Australian Kickboking, Stan "The Man" Longinidis. The first mistake they made was to give this guy a microphone, because he screamed for half a minute despite we were sitting no more than 3 or 4 meters away from him. His speech was full of the usual "if you do not prepare, then prepare for failure", but there were various cases in which I actually worked. The guy stood in front of us, preaching that he did everything for himself and no one else during his life. In the past, he was offered a lot of deals to give up kick-boxing, but he never made a glance at the award to become the biggest boxer in Australia. He said that there was no sale, he was happy and retired, he was never involved in any other activity other than KickBoxing ?? then he turned on his film. Yes, you've heard well, he put in his new film. As he talked about this, he got a woman who walked in and held the poster by advertising, then showed this shitty 4-minute clip of this nasty movie called "Trojan Varrior". (This is all before defeated by Gurkan Ozkan in his final career fight (for now)) Stan Ajak, a former special forces agent who has been recalled to the underground world of Melbourne. Ajax's cousin, Theo (Arthur Angel) recently sold (well, at least Stan does not go too far from ALL) to feders, and as a result he is on the run from all walks of organized crime. Ajak and Theo enter into all sorts of funny situations, from fighting in a kebab shop to posing at a beach party at a party. It's all pretty funny, but if Silverstein actually wanted to make a credible movie here, this guy should never have given the camera anymore. I admit, I actually was forced to see this. I love action movies, even if they're running out, and especially if it's set up in my backyard. But what I met was a film with an act that was frightening from the word "go," and he continued to do it after the word "for God's love, please stop it!" Once they were outdoors, the characters were simply inserted into absolutely no reason, and the most challenging scene of the fight that did not even reflect Stan's real talent in Kickboking. Actors consisted of useless performances of comedies from almost any REMOTELS known (Dermot Brereton, Mark "Chopper" Read and Greg Matthews). Sit down all the time and play a game of guessing who's standing there in the background. It's a pity that the film relies heavily on the performance of former celebrities. Do you remember the cavities I talked to you about? Ajak was imprisoned long ago, wrongly charged with the murder of his wife. Now we hear that Ajak was in special forces through one single sentence in the whole film, and then left for the buggers. Thereafter, there is another single sentence that persuades Ajax to help the same people who misguided him. Then, you see, finally, Ajaku was discovered that his wife was not actually dead, but she was sold into prostitution. Do we see her? Does Ajak go to find it as soon as he hears this? Now it's a marriage! In the midst of all these irritating childish shit, a site describes this film as a "cross between Jackie Chan & Gui Ritchie ??". Has this man ever sat down and watched the film of Jack Chan ?! Chan shows more skill getting a dump than Stan did? And Gui Ritchie is the Messiah with crimes, and you compare him with Salik Silverstein !? This film is more like a mix between Pizza and Enter The Ninja. Now, where do you get the title from "Trojan Varrior"? Ajak's fierce fighting skills like that old Greek warrior? Uniting the gangster to find Theo, like the Trojan Empire? That's because what? wait?? Theo carries a condom with him. Yes, that's right, because THEO is ALWAYS PREPARED with Trojan BRAND TIRES in your pocket, it's Trojan VARRIOR! I had the dissatisfaction to see the "Trojan Varrior" on DVD, as well as its "special" features: <br /> <br /> ?? Video clip "Chop Chop", rap song "Chopper" Read: Chopper did this only to prove that ANIONE can tail. It's funny that Chopper just knocked for 30 seconds and then threw him on those two albino teenagers from Doncaster, using the words "dis" and "drugs" in their Australian accents. Face people, rap is developed in America, Leave it there! The piston looked like something that the cameraman 31 about ecstasy was put together. ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? Bloopers: There was no real difference between these and the actual movie. ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? Flat "The Man" Longinidis Kickboking Featurette: It was not too bad, given that there were only 6 or 7 different fights shown from different angles (I think I saw Dennis Alekie falling about 15 times during that 3-minute assembly). /> I do not want to say that this film contributes to the fact that this country goes to hell when it comes to the film, but ... oh, wait, I just did it. My advice to everyone reading this is to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of "Trojan Varrior", take them together, and use it for paperweight, because this movie is so bad.
