One of the strangest commonly used stories about a romantic movie is this: a seriously crippled man falls in love with an incurably sick woman who turns her life before she dies. Occasionally, this story works well and realistically (as in "Theory of the Flying", a great drunk), but more often it's like here, where, like an ordinary heroine, dies from "Old Movie Disease". You know, a terminal illness that does not have symptoms, but it's a disaster and a need to lie down while you talk to your lover forever; and your appearance does not affect one bit (and since this is the 70s, nor your sex life). This is one of the worst versions of this story, in which a very stupid script puts two incoherent and incredible characters together, and they are played by actors who are completely at sea. This has to be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I say it after I saw "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a control-freak, an emotionally closed racing car driver, and plays an unheard-of-figure for a lifetime. It seems that he keeps wondering why he stays around the grid of Marthe Keller (as well as the audience), and spends most of the film just ... standing there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows any sign of life is the end, where his character proves that he has changed from tension to liberation by doing the hilariously bad imitation of Mae West. Hey, it was seventies! Marthe Keller is just as awesome as the love that dies; her character was conceived as brave, free and touching, unhappy and full of life even though he was dying, and probably should have been playing with an actress with sensitivity, for example, to Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got the faceless face and the heavy German accent of Mrs. Keller, who encounters more terrible teutonic stereotypes ("You're going to eat omelets!") Of anything similar to the cute. She should reform Pacin and fill him with bravery and spirit and all that, but it does not work that way, it's more like dealing with his mistakes in the most unfavorable way. This is one of the least convincing romances in the history of the film, where you can not believe it will be with someone whom she considers so worthless, and you can not believe that with someone who is so much alive on her nerve. > Some bad movie fans call it a cult classic, mostly because of Pacin's silly "liberating" imitation Mae West. The scene is screaming, especially in the context, but it's not worth the spend the rest of the movie. No, watch the movie only if you are a serious lover in bad films that is particularly interested in studying the extreme lack of chemistry among the leading actors, or "Very Bad Casting" (not only that the tracks are horrible, but the other Pacin girl plays an actress who looks and sounds only he likes Keller with shorter hair, I totally confused them). This is not one of those bad films like "The Conqueror", it's just a really, really bad movie. <br /> <br />
