"Respecting the acting" Ute Hagen is a standard tutorial in many theater courses. In the book, Hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to character development as actors: a presentation approach and a representative approach. In a presentation approach, the actor focuses on making as much as possible the earliest character, introducing emotional elements from the actor's life. In a representative approach, the actor tries to show the effect of emotion, through a high degree of control of movement and sound. Representative approach to acting is still partly in fashion when this Hamlet is made. The British theater has a long history of this style of acting, and Olivier can be said to be the ultimate king of the representative school. The time was not kind to this school acting or this movie. . Almost every worker today uses a presentation approach. For the modern eye, Olivier's highly-labeled, stylized delivery is stiff, stiff and stiff. Instead of creating an internally conflicting Hamlet, Olivia made melancholy Dane - an acting, self-important megaphone - an acting style that would fit well with the back of the major London theaters, but is too stiff to carry the Modern Hamlet. And so the film today creeps messy. Olivier's tendency towards e-nunciatoe makes some of Hamlet's lines unintentionally ridiculous: "Instead, you have to deal with and be-get a tem-pursue who can give it ... Smoothness!" Instead of crying at a meeting with the father's spirit (as any real actor could do), the bright full lights in Olivier's students give us this impression. Eileen Herlie is the only other actor in this Hamlet, who puts a good essay on the queen, despite the painful apparent age differences (he was 41 years old, she was 26 years old). Other actors in this film have no chance to do anything else important, given that Olivier's tendency to keep it! камера! on him! at all! times! Sixty years later, you feel the insecurity of a Shakespearean actor who did not have the confidence to display the brittle, wrong Hamlet, and chose to show some kind of Elizabethan megaphone. Final analysis: "I would like such a man to work for Termagant;
