People who really love problem children (1990) must look at their heads. Who would have thought he was watching the evil little boy making a havoc on others and thinks that's ridiculous? The film is not funny, never, in any way, the beginning to the end. He wants to be a cartoon, but writers do not realize that a joker is not ridiculous when people attack bears, or hit baseball bats. It can be funny in cartoons, but not in a movie. The young hero of the film is Junior (Michael Oliver), who, since he was a baby, was placed on the foster home for adoption. Families reject him, because the Juniors have difficulty giving them time. He was then thrown into an orphanage, where he terrorized the nuns, and wrote letters to the convicted Bov-Tie Killer (Michael Richards). It was soon adopted by Ben and Flo Heali (late John Ritter and his wife, Ami Iasbeck), who are dying to have a baby, in order to be like any other parent in their neighborhood. Junior becomes a member of Healy's household, and "Mali" is interested in Ben, despite the fact that he destroys camping by dragging a bear to a location or throwing a cat on his father, "Big Ben" (Jack Warden), a political politician . I think we need to take care of Junior, so we can catch him when he gets revenge on people. His new mother, Flo, is a whore, his grandfather is completely selfish, and a girl - who despises adopted children - is a spoiled brat. But what Junior does to get the last laugh is not ridiculous - it's mean, cruel, and sometimes life-threatening. And what is the message of the movie? Should children solve problems of violence and vandalism? To seek friendship by writing condemned murderers? They definitely do not know how to be a bad kid. Junior is not one - he's just sadistic, tiny. There was a time when it was bad for children to beat others. Now everyone laughs when Junior wins the children's baseball bat. It's a pity that this movie is sold as a "family comedy." What's worse is that a problem child is rated PG. What did MPAA think when they saw it? There are many curses and evil jokes here, which can be asked about the division between PG and PG-13. Children will enjoy this, but parents will be shocked by what is displayed on the screen. And for most people, a problematic child will be considered a classical "guilty pleasure"; a film that will somebody shamefully admit that he likes, although the prevailing opinion, as the more serious viewers say, that the film is part of the shit.
