I can not remember why - I had to have a free ticket or something like that - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I was going to, in which theater I was, even in what city. The only thing I remember was that I was offended in this travesty that somebody dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the theater went out before the film was over. Unfortunately, I finished it, as I continue to consider one of the worst mistakes in my life so far. My insult became a pure horror when, immediately before closing, they said that a dumb demon child stretched out his head behind the sign and said: "Look for a problem child 2, soon!" It was an extremely terrifying moment ever shot on the movie. The action, if I recall well, involved John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord, as I unsuccessfully tried to block this film out of my mind) by adopting a "problematic child". They may think that they can reform it, or something. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they failed unsuccessfully, because from the first to the last frame this child remains the strongest, most cruel, horrifying demon-ever ever hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forget Rosemari's Babi. This kid takes a cake. The only difference is that we should regret him because he is a "problematic child". However, this is impossible because this child is very likely the most imaginative figure ever shown. You want to kill him through the whole movie, and when (SPOILER, like everyone else is concerned), John Ritter decides to keep a disgusting hellish kid screaming "Send him back!" in a shocked shooting (like a few people in a theater where I saw him). This is just another movie that I gave "1" to IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and God could not tell you what's up. In a TV guide, John Ritter published a quote about the time that the problem child 3, in which he was not, came out. He said something like, "The only way I would do the second sequel [Problem Child] is that they dragged my dead body back to work." Amen on that! I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon of the Police Academy resume, but again see twenty minutes of a problematic child. 1/10, just because it can not give him a negative result, which is what he really deserves. Let somebody burn the original negative of this movie, please!
