Since I recently looked at the "Lipstick" for the first time in a few decades, I supported it with "Descent" even though I heard more negative comments than good ones from other movie friends with varied tastes like mine. It's interesting to argue that the unique niche of the Rape Revenge movie has evolved over the past 32 years, from full fruits "I Spit On Iour Grave," to clumsy sensationalism "lipstick", tasteful problem solving in the "Accused." But the "Descent", although it does make some important points, never really offers us anything really new in terms of discovering meaning. No, "Descent" is so poorly made in terms of image quality and sound that it diminishes any significant message that he could hope - a message that, when carefully considered, is not revolutionary. <br /> <I was pretty familiar with the plot. What I wanted to see was "descent" or degeneration of Davson's character. As a big fan of Rosario, I was impatient to see how the layers were subtracted and her psyche was slowly twisting ... you know, the kind of portrait DeNiro brings to "Taki Driver". Unfortunately, the script and choice of the director / writer do not provide any convincing transition. The biggest point of failure is the second rank. It became apparent what the intentions of the director for this section of club jumping, the use of drugs and obsession with the big black pasteur Adrian (the nightmare of every white boy, natch) from questions and answers to DVDs, but this trip to Davson's character is never convincing brought. We do not know exactly what the hell is doing half the time, what he wants, or why he does it. Poor audio / video quality does not help, but the order is too damn debt and meaningless. It destroys every momentum and investment in the main character established during an otherwise exceptionally well-done first act. By the time we get to the finals, our interest has already weakened. One point of success that Davson points out in K & A is that by the end of the "vengeful" scene we are pumping for retribution, then you realize how realistic is exhausted and ugly. Although it certainly matters, it does not make the scene more intriguing. If you have a DVD, check the deleted "classroom" scene. This is an excellent 8-minute plus result that bursts with energy and provocation (though all verbally) and it really shows that Davson's slow mask materialized while she beautifully injected poor Francie Swift, a shameful counselor in the home. If more than one exhibition scene is added, such as this, and more than the middle third, we can have an interesting psychological study of the effect of meaningless violence. As the film stands in the final cut, however, everything we get is what we saw earlier, only in the graphic display. So what?
