First, I'm not here to film this movie. I think it's totally fun despite the poor quality of production. The action here is as disgusting as the monster is pursuing them, although the monster itself is quite well made ... impressively well done. In fact, it looks kind of different, as if the alien family had landed on the Himalayas while Dad was on ... a call to nature, the Spot freed and just did not have time to catch him. That, or is the Caucasian brother of the Master. I did not decide what. In fact, this seems to be filmed somewhere in the snow country, yes, but it's more likely that Canada is somewhere somewhere in China. Trees and vines tell me Canada, and it's okay that the space that is set up never takes on the look or feel of uber-cold that can be expected in the Himalayas in China. It's a movie from the Sci-Fi channel, so we can forgive the lack of location. Further, obviously (as we just identified), Sci-Fi directors do not travel often because they are unaware that commercial airplanes fly over time like that shown here and a subsequent crash would not actually have happened. But as I said, it's a movie from the Sci-Fi channel, so we have to forgive a few things. The film is occasionally graphic and rotates between the "live" of the Donner Parti, the "Predator". about an alien in the woods, and every bad vous film where they fly around the wires. Yeti can obviously jump like Spiderman ... or Super Mario ... remember? "Run faster! Jump more! Live longer!" Also, Yeti missed his teddy bear. He looked high and low about it, but he does not seem to be able to make a corpse. Poor Iet! You can not help but feel sorry. He survived and evolved for thousands of years just to succumb to a severe loss of honey. He was missing a bear. Or maybe he wants to steam, but that thought is corrupt! Can you hear me? Well, it looks like it's an unrelated man. REBANISHED! And that's the superman. Well, it's not human ... it's super-yeti! But again, what is normal - Yeti? I do not know, but he has definitely Michael Meiers quality that is completely disturbing. And he has this incredible way of cleaning fur. FABulous Dahlink! It's perfect white at the time it should not be. It's very superhuman ... great Iet. <br /> </ br>> All in all? It was very fun to watch, there are some great murders and a few honest elements complicated. Despite the terrible production style of gravel, this is actually quite fun. I can not wonder if they are planning another one? It estimates 6.0 / 10 on the M4TV scale. It evaluates 4.4 / 10 on a movie scale of ... Fiend :.
