Iethi: The Damnation of the Snow Demon begins on a plane full of American high schoolmates who are on the road to play a football game in Japan, unfortunately during a stormy thunderstorm their plane crashed in the Himalayas. Really unhappy. With some dead and some living, survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait until help comes. However, only when they think that their happiness can not get worse, they soon discover that a huge, hairy type of Iethi, the disgusting creature of snowmen wants to kill and eat them all. Trapped, cold, starving and fighting for survival will help get to stranded teenagers on time? Yes, with the title such as Yeti: The Damnation of the Snow Demon can mean only one thing and it's that someone on the Sci-Fi Channel has made another 'Creature Feature', although for these things A bit of diversity The Sci-Fi channel here in the UK now calls them 'Beast Feast'! It's like making a difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, he must say that Yeti: The Damnation of Dean's Damn is a horrible movie, but also fun, sure it's bad, but it's also fun. The basic premise is fine, in fact, it's a kind of intersection between Alive (1993) with a plane crash and survivors who have to turn into a cannibal to survive and a great killer burns Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) exploitation Night of the Demon 1980)), which I would defend with my last breath and I must say that marriage was not made in the sky, but as I said, it's fun, if not brave or well written. Characters are mostly boring American teenagers, there is a controversy, there is a macho hero, a strong woman and a coward who thinks about herself, so there is no reward for originality. There are also some holes for pitches, if the air cargo collapses, why send only two search engines on foot to look for them? How will you dig a large hole and straighten it with sharp rods in a space of ten minutes? Why did Ieti not kill that bird in the end? He killed everyone else until that moment, so why not her? "In fact, there are two Ieti runs around" nor are they used for any effect. At least there is a good pace of the film, it certainly moves along a fair old rhythm, and I've never found myself to be bored. There is some moderate action and the movie has some fascination when they see whether the children will survive or not and whether they will eat their dead friends or not. The only thing you can always find about these Sci-Fi channels 'Creature Features' or 'Beast Feasts' is that CGI computer effects will be laughing loudly ridiculous and will show up again. The aviation accident in the beginning looks terrible and falls when the CGI looks simply embarrassingly jumping all over the place as if it were hit by a stick. There are one or two beautiful scenes, including a scrubbed hand, a crushed head, exhausted heart, some dead bodies, a little splashing of blood, and the best piece when it hits the guy in the floor and battles it with his own breaking of his leg before they bite a large piece of them. According to the IMDB, the actor who played Ieti took three and a half hours to get into a suit and makeup that looks like a long time, because it's actually pretty tatti looks. It seems that the original title was Raksha: The Damnation of the Snow Demon with Raksh, which means a demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. This has reasonable production values ​​taking into account the usual things of the Sci-Fi channels that extract, although the location on the mountain does not look anything like the rough, dark Himalayas, and probably somewhere was located near the ski resort and it looks really warm during many daytime scenes. The acting is not so good and I did not think that any of the girls looks so good, which did not help. The Ieti: The Damnation of the Snow Demon is another awesome Sc-Fi channel. Creature Feature 'if I'm honest that no healthy man will be happy, but if you're looking for a bit of a terrible themed party then it's not too bad and has one or two fun moments that make it a little visible even if it's not very good.
