Hmmm, the sports team is in a plane crash, stranded on a snowy mountain, and is faced with a tough decision to eat the flesh of his dead comrades in order to survive. Sounds familiar to anyone? I'm talking about "Alive" from 1993. The only important difference here, of course, is that a large, drunken, scared crowd of one Ieti appears several times to take the dead. I guess people are better than strong. Stupid: The man on the first scene has no reliable firearms when he hunts to go, nor has the support. Avion crash is completely fake. It would either explode in the air, explode if it hits the ground, or becomes erased. People would not survive, but hey, it's science fiction. Stupid: They survived and are cold. It may be a good idea to keep some of the burning remains nearby in order to avoid frostbite. The fire is warm as it is ... VTF: The pilot has a cold formed all over the face while he is alive and talking, but unusually enough, no one else does. Stupid: One of the guys tells others to look for matches and lighters, but around them there are scattered parts of the aircraft. Stupid: they find coats and duks, and yet here in the Himalayan cold, they do not use hoods! Stupid: They stared at a bunch of sticks when, I repeat, there are parts of the aircraft MORE FUELS. > Stupid: The Himalayas are famous for their storms. It would be reasonable for them to collect the remains to strengthen their structure rather than sit outside. There are many pines around, the branches of which make excellent isolation. VTF: When you suspect, use the hand of the dead as an umbrella. VTF: If one of them knows a lot about the habit of hibernation of squirrels, bears and leopards in the Himalayas, why then does not he know enough to cling and set traps from the start? Stupid: When trying to catch wild animals, a foolish conversation near the mentioned trap always helps. VTF: Do you know how hard it would be to cut frozen animal body with debris of glass?! VTF: The group was ready and armed to fight against Yeti, while the other two stood there helpless. Yeti snatched the guy's heart and pushed the girl's head, and the gang did nothing. There is love. So, two chips and a suitable avalanche to bury evidence forever ... or so we think. Mvuhahahaa! The story continues in more idiocy, but most often happens in the last 15 minutes, as usual. Nice thinking with the spear and the chain, although it is some kind of genius (with a magically-emerging chain) that they missed at the beginning of the movie when they could not even fire the fire despite the fact that it was around them. as it is typical of the Sci-Fi Originals, kissing a couple of kisses in the end as if nothing had happened to them (not to mention that they ate human flesh and did not clean their teeth in a few days). However, The very end is a quote of lameness.
